===== 2025 Q1  (2025-04-29 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to The Kraft Heinz Company First Quarter 2025 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question and answer session will follow the formal presentation. If anyone should require operator assistance, please press 0 on your telephone keypad. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce Anne-Marie Megela, Head of Global Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Anne-Marie Megela: Thank you, during today's call, we may make forward-looking statements regarding our expectations for the future, including items related to our business plans and expectations, strategy, efforts and investments, and related timing and expected impacts. These statements are based on how we see things today, and actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. Please see the cautionary statement and risk factors contained in today's earnings release which accompanies this call, as well as our most recent 10-Ks, 10-Q, and 8-K filings for more information regarding these risks and uncertainties. Additionally, we may refer to non-GAAP financial measures, which exclude certain items from our financial results reported in accordance with GAAP. Please refer to today's earnings release and the non-GAAP information available on our website at ir.kraftheinzcompany.com under news and events for a discussion of our non-GAAP financial measures and reconciliations to the comparable GAAP financial measures. I will now hand it over to our Chief Executive Officer, Carlos Abrams-Rivera, for opening comments. Carlos, over to you.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Thank you, Marie. And thank you everyone for joining us today. At The Kraft Heinz Company, we are proud to be a trusted partner in kitchens everywhere, providing confident connections particularly in these moments of uncertainty. Now despite growing market pressure in the first quarter, we delivered top-line results in line with our expectations, with strong cash flow performance and a healthy balance sheet. We are also encouraged by the progress we are making in improving brand superiority. While these advancements are not yet reflected in the financial results, they do give me confidence that we are putting in place the right building blocks. Our commitment to making the necessary investments to deliver quality and value offerings to our consumers is unwavering. At the same time, we are closely monitoring market tension and have adjusted our guidance accordingly. With that, I have Andrew joining me. So let's open the call for Q and A.
Operator: Thank you. We will now conduct a question and answer session. If you would like to ask a question, please press 1 on your telephone keypad. You may press 2 if you would like to remove your question from the queue. For participants using speaker equipment, it may be necessary to pick up your handset before pressing the star keys. The first question comes from Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Please proceed.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thanks so much.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Carlos, you mentioned in the prepared remarks that the revised outlook provides
Andrew Lazar: the necessary flexibility to dial in on investments as deemed appropriate. And that said, this is not the first time, right, The Kraft Heinz Company has sort of used this language around proposed investments. And so far, it's not proved enough, although, admittedly, in a very dynamic consumer environment. You know, many industry players, I think, have taken the approach of kind of, like, increasing investments on seems to be more of an incremental basis to see how the consumer reacts, almost like a test and learn approach. The magnitude of today's guidance cut is larger than previous ones, I'm still getting a lot of questions from investors, I guess, as to whether this is more of the same sort of approach or if you see it as more comprehensive in some way. Thanks so much.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Good morning, Andrew. Thanks for the question. First, let me just say, we are continuing to invest in the business despite what we are seeing in terms of the macroeconomic uncertainty because frankly, because we are confident in the strategy that we have. And I think in moments like this, a company can be sometimes overly cautious and defensive. Or play offense. We are choosing to play offense with discipline. So we are, in fact, prioritizing investments in marketing, R&D, and technology. The way we are doing that, Andrew, is we focus on increasing returns of our marketing dollars by shifting more towards consumer-facing marketing. We are also making sure we are optimizing the location across the brands and media types so that we can, in fact, make sure we have the best ROI. We can improve the quality of the messaging at the same time. I mentioned investing in R&D. We are going to continue to invest behind the innovation pipeline. We are making sure we are closing the gap to our investment levels that is 1% of net sales. I mentioned technology. We are going to continue investing in our technology as well because that actually has helped us in terms of driving the efficiencies in the business by investing in things like automation and enhanced digital tools. But you also spoke to, you know, why is this different? What's different now versus in the past? I'll tell you one of the important parts of what is different is the fact that we are also investing through the brand growth system. And if you recall, the brand growth system is our repeatable global model for understanding how we see opportunities within our brands, and how do we make sure we drive superiority on those brands through both pack products and packaging and making sure that every has the right brand resonance value equation, and on the execution. So it's not just what we are spending, but how we are spending too. And we mentioned in the past that we have done this with about 10% of our brands in 2024. Out of way to pilot. That is, in fact, now being scaled up to 40% of our business by the end of this year. So that idea of us having more confidence in us investing because we now we have proven that the brand growth systems help us identify the right opportunities. And allows us to make sure we take the right steps in order to fuel the investments. I think it's part of why we are going to be playing offense with discipline. So you'll see us actually step up our investments in marketing also to make sure that as we renovate our products, we are supporting it with the right focus on the consumer communication. So we invest behind the BGS. We make sure we have the great products, package, and quality. Then we make sure we have the right communication to support that and drive that forward. It's something that helped us work with our Philadelphia brand in 2024. It helped us in a highest UK business in the last year. And now we are gonna be seeing that across all of our brands as we towards, 2024. 2025. Here in The US.
Andrew Lazar: I think good morning, Andrew. Just to add to Carlos' So remember that in our prior guidance, we already had contemplated a step up in price investments. And just roughly speaking to the extent of hundred bps on the top line. So was a relevant investment and concentrated on those categories we have previously described. And we also had in the prior guidance already contemplated a double-digit increase in media. So we were still retaining our marketing percentage of revenue at 4.5 in the prior guidance, and we with that, we by reallocating expenses within the marketing bucket, we could free up double-digit increase in media. Now in this new guidance, we have opened the room to further accelerate our market investment. Remember that in our long-term algorithm, we want to be approximate at 5%. We have the midpoint of the guidance around 4.8% of markets, so a 30 bps step up. There is still this number might still fluctuate a little bit up or down depending how the dynamics happen throughout the year. Including final impact on tariffs. But we want to accelerate the step up to reach the 5% And we also have in the guidance some impact in COGS linked to product renovation, as Carlos said. As we continue to deploy the brain growth system we have we have seen opportunities not only to improve quality of messaging and have more media pressure, but also to renovate the products and ensure stronger superiority.
Andrew Lazar: Right. Thank you both. Thank you, Andrew.
Operator: The next question comes from Yasmeen Wandi with Bank of America. Please proceed.
Yasmeen Wandi: Hi. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for the question. So I kind of wanted to dig in a little bit on North America and you know, the organic sales guidance update for this year. So just for 2Q specifically, there's a few items here to consider. You know, you talked about the Easter timing shift, and then there's a plant closure lap. But there were also impacts last year on Lunchables from the consumer report, and then you had the Capri Sun reformulation impacting consumption. So could you help size those impacts, if any, to the second quarter? And if there's anything else that we should consider that will drive a gap between North America shipments versus consumption.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Sure. Good morning. Thanks for the question. Look, we expect second quarter top line to be better than the first quarter top line. The effect of Easter as I said before, is approximately 90 bps, a hundred bps. So that will be a tailwind in the second quarter. Yeah. In addition to that, we have emerging markets not part of The US, but we have emerging markets further accelerating from where we were in Q1. And inside The US, aside from Easter, we do have we're gonna see improvement in the accelerate platforms. So cream cheese and Oreo da for example, they decline in Q1, and that's this was totally expected because we are lapping competitors with out of stock issues last year. But now we growth, and we're gonna you're gonna see growth in those two categories in the quarter. And to your point, we will see some improvement in Lunchables. It's still not be the levels that we believe we can achieve. As part of as the main renovation hits the market at the end the second quarter. But you should see lunch goes improving, particularly after mid-May and June. So that's when we really start to fully lap the consumer reports from last year. On the Muscatine, on the factory, we are lapping that as we head into the second quarter. But taking to mind that the industry food service has slowed down quite a lot this year. So we are not gonna see necessarily a growth in away from home in the second quarter. But beyond that, you will see the accelerate platforms sausage, cream cheese, meals, and snacking with a better performance comparison to Q1.
Yasmeen Wandi: Okay, great. Thank you. That's really helpful. And a quick follow-up to that. Just looking into the second half of the year, obviously, understanding that February, you'll see some nice improvement on volumes given, you know, the onetime items that you just mentioned. You know, your organic sales cut was basically all volume since the price and contribution is was left unchanged. You see a need for North America volumes to inflect positively in the second half in order to hit your guide? Or do you expect growth in international, particularly in emerging markets, to be enough to hit your guidance? For the year?
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: No, we don't need In fact, in our the midpoint of our guidance total company does not get you positive in any quarter.
Yasmeen Wandi: Okay. Great. Alright. Don't need calling. Okay?
Operator: Alright. Thank you, guys. Great. Next question comes from Tom Palmer with Citi. Please proceed.
Tom Palmer: Good morning and thanks for the question. I wanted to ask on the COGS inflation, the revised outlook Just any breakdown of how much of that is related to tariffs versus maybe other drivers of that increase? And then just the timing of when we really start to see that step up. Thank you.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Sure. So in our prior outlook, we had inflation at 3%, So before any tariffs, our guidance is step up to 5% of COGS. Particularly in some commodities like coffee and meat. We saw a big increase in comparison to rest of the last time we met. So the base inflation was already up to 5%. And now with the tariff impact, mean, obviously, a lot of uncertainties still around that, but we do estimate with what we know so far an impact in 02/2025 of 50 to 200 bps on the COGS. Timing wise, Look. We don't know for sure. Right? We are assuming that this would be concentrated in the second half. Maybe there'll be some impact in the second quarter. We build some inventory where possible in certain items as we anticipated that to happen. So that gives a little relief of a month maybe two in some of the items. But the impact should be mostly concentrated in the second half.
Tom Palmer: Perfect. Thank you for that. And I noted or sorry, I noticed that there wasn't a change in kind of that pricing outlook, as Yasmeen just noted. But it sounds like is it there's price investment in some areas and then there is incremental pricing in other areas? Maybe just any detail you can provide there.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: No. In the midpoint, of the new guidance, we don't have further investments in price in addition to the hundred approximately hundred bps. We already had content in the initial outlook. So the incremental investments as I said, is mostly on marketing, particularly media. Product renovation. And there is some sampling investments because we remember that as we renovate the products, including the ones that we have renovated year, like Capricorn, really need to step up the trial curve. So we are stepping up sample investments heading to the summer.
Tom Palmer: Alright. Thank you for the details.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from David Palmer with Evercore ISI. Please proceed.
David Palmer: Thanks. A couple of questions. You updated that your inflation guidance Thanks for your comments there on the tariffs. Being incorporated in that. I wonder how you're thinking about pricing offsets to that. And know, when it gets to a certain level of in input in inflation and your willingness to price that away, are there levels where you have to be cognizant of rising price elasticity perhaps over a few percent, for example, where you're more aware and of any sort of list pricing, and you have to start moving towards other types of adjustments or offsets, And then I'm and then I separately and, Andre, I know you've been very active in thinking about, you know, promotional activity and returns on that promotional activity. We look at our data, it looks like The Kraft Heinz Company has been a little bit different than some of the other larger food companies and that it's well below 2019 levels in terms of its volume on promotion, whereas some many many years, if not most, other companies look like they're at those levels already and continuing to rise I'm wondering if you kind of recognize that juxtaposition and how you think about the promotion strategy going forward. Is that something that you're noticing as well? Thank you.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: By the way, let me start with the second part, Carlos, and then have Andrew gonna comment a little bit on the first part of your questions. You know, first of all, what you're seeing is the fact that it follows our strategy. I mentioned earlier that we are going to continue to make investments and play offense with discipline. I think for us, it's the opportunity to make sure that when we are investing we are doing this in a way that is thoughtful about the return of that investment and that we are building something that supports our strategy and allows us to grow not only in the short term, but really in the medium and long term. What we're investing in in pricing for a promotional event, is because we believe that actually creates the kind of base volume opportunities as we go post that particular event. So you'll see us continue to invest in times of the year that consumer needs us. Whether that is now Memorial Day, whether it's July 4, whether it's back to school. Just gonna do it in a disciplined way to make sure that, again, it's supporting the stride that we have and not just change a short term volume that actually doesn't essentially, all you do is kind of rent you know, rent volume for a short period of time. The other piece that is important to notice that when we're making those investments, we're also doing in concert with our brand growth systems investments. So that when we are going for a back to school time period and we have now a renovated you know, new Lunchables, whether we have a renovated new Capri Sun, that's a moment for us to not only stimulate the demand, but also making sure that then consumers get to try the best product that we have ever made on those categories. So I think it's that combination that is kind of guiding our principles versus kind of how competitors are playing at this particular time. They're choosing different strategy. You know, we believe we want to make sure that we're doing things smartly because our focus is continue to drive profitable growth for the future. Andre, you wanna comment on the first part? Yeah. So hi, Dave. Look. On the promo side, Carlos said, we will continue to be disciplined and really seeking those promotions with good returns. You will see a step up in promotion activity during the key windows, particularly now in summer. So it will that number stepping up as part of our initial guidance. Again, we have approximately a hundred bps of incremental price investment in The US. And on regards to pricing the tariffs, look. We are trying to do everything we possibly can to minimize the amount of price necessary. So even things like to delay, we have anticipated some purchases. We are looking at alternative sourcing. There is opportunity for, in some case, reformulation, which takes a little bit longer. There are opportunities on the mix side. There are certain SKUs within a category that are less impacted than others when it comes to tariffs. So all of that is at play. We are stepping up productivity in the year. We started the year expecting 3.5% of COGS. Now we're expecting a little more than that. So we are taking all the possible levers but pricing might be necessary. So but again, I think this is that it is work in progress.
David Palmer: Thank you, Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Chris Carey with Wells Fargo. Please proceed.
Chris Carey: Hi, everyone. I wanted to ask you a question about gross margins and just a follow-up elsewhere. From a gross margin perspective, specifically the Q2 weakness, that you're expecting and in the context of just how this typically works, you know, is the primary driver of Q2 gross margin weakness coffee inflation, And I guess I asked that question in the context of, you know, historically, is really a pass-through category. Where, you know, pricing comes through to offset the inflation. Understanding there's always gonna be quarter to quarter volatility, but are you seeing perhaps less ability to pass through the coffee inflation just given the overall coffee inflation backdrop? And then I you know, just secondly, are there any, you know, areas within your portfolio or broader portfolio where you're seeing, you know, more bright spots from a market share perspective? Because think, you know, it's similar to last quarter. Where we continue to struggle is you know, the categories have clearly softened, but market share performance has come under more pressure. So what are those things that you've been doing over the past few months maybe specifically where you're saying, okay. That you know, that specific strategy is working to kinda write the ship here because it's been a bit harder to see know, in the data. So thanks for those two items.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Sure. Thanks for the question. I will start with the Q2 margins. So basically, we do expect pressure on the gross margin in the second quarter, and there are a few different items affecting the margin. The first one is, as I just said in the prior question, we do expect a step up in the promotion activity as we start the shipments for the summer season. So we will see a lower price in the P&L. The second we are facing impact of some hedge losses in the second quarter. And they are quite large, and the good thing is that once they roll off, heading to Q3, we'll start to see some of those commodities that's starting to come down, like dairy start to flow through the P&L. And third, to your point, there are some increasing in certain commodities in Q2. And the way we see right now is some of them are gonna reach the peak in Q2, and that they should start to go backwards. Or decelerate at the least as you head into the third quarter. So those three elements are the key contributors for the gross margin pressure that we are seeing. And there is a little bit as well of the product renovations that we're starting to step up. So as a result of that, plus we're starting to step up investment in marketing. We do the operating income to decline double digits in the second quarter. When it regards to the bright spots, that's over two. Yeah. Listen. I think if you look at our year to date, our latest five weeks versus the year to date, you see us making progress in all of our accelerate businesses. So whether it's cancellation, whether it's ready to eat meals, whether it's snacking. So all those things are progressing. I think in Q1, obviously, we had the impact of Easter. I think as we are seeing now the data with several weeks of the Easter now read, we are going you are gonna continue to see that improvement. And I think, for example, in a business like our Philadelphia cream cheese, which as we now kind of pass the Q1 lapping of the private label not have been on the business in the category last year. You see that continue to drive growth, whether you see that in our desserts business that continue to drive growth after reformulations and focusing on better for you products on in that category. So you will see that many of the investments we'll make it. It will continue to play out as we go through the year. And I mentioned that in the opening statement, is a lot of the great things that we are seeing in terms of the building blocks and not yet all reflecting the data, but those are things that you'll see us as we continue to progress throughout the year. I'm also frankly very encouraged about the fact that, you know, some of the big innovations we have done have continued to now drive growth. So a business like our Mexican strategy that we didn't have two years ago grew double digits last year, and we are growing double digits again this year. So that I also give me confidence in fact that as we are building innovation, we're doing it with the right insights with consumers to drive growth that is sustainable and profitable for the long term. Thanks for your question.
Anne-Marie Megela: Operator, we have time for one more question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Megan Clap with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Alexia Howard: This is Alexia on for Megan. The prepared remarks, you guys mentioned the wider operating income guide partly reflects changing policy landscape. Should we be thinking about that from a top line perspective, or is that related to cost? Just any incremental color you could give there would be great. Thanks.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Thanks for the question. Look, there are as you know, a lot of things being discussed and under consideration that may have implication on the business, positive or negative. So part of the reason why we have this wider range is to contemplate a whole different set of scenarios that can come into play. So we're trying to just provide, you know, the flexibility knowing that there is a number of things that are still bought out. But in that guidance, and you'll see us that we are acknowledging some of those things. We're preparing for those things. And also at the same time, sure that we have the right flexibility to invest back in the business in order to drive the trade that we have. And then fuel the opportunities that we are seeing with our brand growth system to expand back in our brands. So that's all reflected in the way we're kind of shaping the year ahead. Thank you, Alexia.
Anne-Marie Megela: And thank you everyone for joining us. Operator, that concludes our Q and A session.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation, and have a great day.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-12 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to The Kraft Heinz Company Quarter 4 2024 Earnings. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce Anne-Marie Megela. Thank you. Anne, you may begin.
Anne-Marie Megela: Thank you, and hello, everyone. During today's call, we may make forward-looking statements regarding our expectations for the future, including items related to our business plans and expectations, strategy, efforts and investments and related timing and expected impacts. These statements are based on how we see things today, and actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. Please see the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in today's earnings release, which accompanies this call as well as our most recent 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K filings for more information regarding these risks and uncertainties. Additionally, we may refer to non-GAAP financial measures, which exclude certain items from our financial results reported in accordance with GAAP. Please refer to today's earnings release and the non-GAAP information available on our website at ir.kraftheinzcompany.com under News & Events for a discussion of our non-GAAP financial measures and reconciliations to the comparable GAAP financial measures. I will now hand it over to our Chief Executive Officer, Carlos Abrams-Rivera for opening comments. Carlos, over to you.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Well, thank you, Anne-Marie, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today. I want to thank the Kraft Heinz team for their hard work and dedication this past year. Even though it was a tough year, we stayed focused on building for the future and improving profit margins while boosting the free cash flow. We do know that the economic landscape is rough, but we are proud that we returned $2.7 billion to our stockholders through share buybacks and dividends, which provide the highest yield in the food industry. Looking ahead to 2025, we are seeing key successes that aren't yet showing up in our financials and we are expecting to see improving top line throughout the year while preserving profitability. Frankly, I'm proud of the progress the teams are driving and confident that our strategy will yield long-term returns for our shareholders. Now with that, today, I have Andre joining me. So let's open for the call -- for the Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Andrew Lazar with Barclays.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Carlos, you mentioned a number of times in the prepared remarks the plan to be disciplined in how you approach reinvestment this year, specifically calling out your expectation for some gross margin expansion and flat price in '25 despite the stated plan to invest in price in some key areas. I guess, what I'm hearing most from investors this morning is that they're really wondering if this outlook provides enough room to do what's needed this year to get the key brands back into volume growth. So I guess, my question is sort of what gives you the confidence that this plan is accounting for an adequate level of investment given sort of current market share trends?
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Thanks, Andrew. I think, first of all, I guess, let me put it into context of the margin expansion. If you think about 2024, we increased our margin by 100 bps. When you look at the way we're seeing 2025, it's somewhere between flat to 20 bps. So while, yes, it's an expansion, it certainly is much reduced than we have had in the past. And if I think about now our plan and what gives me confidence, let me just highlight a couple of things. First, if you think about our growth pillars, we actually have a head start going into this year and let me break it down in each of the growth pillars. In Away From Home, 75% of new customer wins are already locked in. That's about 40% of a year-over-year incremental growth in our Away From Home business. Now in Emerging Markets, we are building on the 17% distribution increase with new 40,000 additional points planned in 2025 that we have already mapped out and making sure that our teams are clear on where they're going to be able to secure those. And then frankly, in North America Retail and the rest of the business, what you see is that 75% of the 2025 innovation pipeline is already locked in. And on top of that, we also are leveraging our Brand Growth System that we have proven through the pilots that we did in 2024. So in each of our pillars, we have things going on already into 2025 that is about us continuing versus completely something new. And at the same time, and you mentioned this in your question, we are investing in certain places, we are investing in price, we are investing in product and we are investing in marketing. We're making sure we're prioritizing those brands, that we know that we can benefit from having the Brand Growth System insights. We are investing in technology-led solutions that are actually helping us drive the efficiencies that lead to improved margins. And then lastly, we continue to shift more marketing dollars towards consumer-facing marketing as we go into 2025. So again, those are -- that's the way kind of I see it is it gives an opportunity for us to expand in a more modest way our margins, but at the same time, coming into the year with things that we have built in 2024 that now we can see reaping benefits in 2025 along with investments specifically in price, product and marketing.
Andre Maciel: I'll just add to that, Andrew. So I will add that when we think about our top line improvement, as Carlos said, it does not only come from price. It comes also from lapping some of the challenges we faced last year and also comes from other product enhancements that we have been deploying since the second half of last year. When I think about the gross margin, we do expect another year of efficiencies higher than inflation. And we are going to price the inflation linked to commodity categories, coffee being one example, like we have done historically. So there is some price embedded into the plan in commodities and emerging markets. So the combination of efficiencies ahead of inflation, price in emerging markets and commodities give us some room to be investing more in price or trades in the places where it makes the most sense.
Operator: Our next question comes from Peter Galbo with Bank of America.
Peter Galbo: I wanted to ask about the top line and the pillars maybe in a slightly different way. Just within the organic sales guidance for '25, Andre, how are you thinking about the growth rates for each, ACCELERATE, PROTECT and BALANCE, within that organic sales guidance? And then the part B to that question, Carlos, I think a year ago you kind of gave us market growth rates for each of those ACCELERATE, PROTECT and BALANCE, how you see the market growth for '25 comparing to those targets you gave us a year ago.
Andre Maciel: Okay. I can start. So I think about the pillars of growth. First, Emerging Markets, we will see gradual improvements building from Q4 in all the quarters and we do expect to exit '25 at double-digit growth. In Away From Home, we do expect some slight improvement in Q1 to flat to Q4, but then building from the base gradually throughout the rest of the year and probably exiting around the mid-single-digit that we territory. So still below algo, but a good improvement versus 2024. And inside the ACCELERATE platforms in the U.S., we do expect an elongated recovery, as we have said before. And most of the U.S. improvement in trends in Retail comes from ACCELERATE. So that's where we are investing most of the price. That's where we are investing a lot of our product enhancements. So that's where we're going to see -- you should see a sharper improvement again throughout the year. Not as much in Q1 for the reasons I already mentioned before. I think investments get more concentrated from Easter and also there is the Easter effect between Q1 and Q2. But at the end of the year, you should see ACCELERATE being the one driving most of the improvement in the U.S.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: I guess, what I would add is I think we all can agree that tactic wins battle, but strategies win wars. And our strategy hasn't changed. We have not only continued to drive resources and prioritizing our ACCELERATE platforms, but also making sure that a year later we continue to live under the roles of each of those particular categories. So I feel great about the fact that we see kind of how our balanced portfolio continues to live into the role of making sure they're contributing with the right margins, at the same time, making sure that they are bringing renovation and innovation into the categories to make sure they're relevant with consumers. But again, our strategies haven't changed and any 1 year is not going to make us change that. I think that we -- as we stand here, I'll tell you, I feel even more confident that we have this right strategy for us to deliver our long-term algorithms over the long term.
Operator: And our next question comes from John Baumgartner with Mizuho Securities.
John Baumgartner: I wanted to ask about the marketplace activities in the U.S. and the market share softness. As you reduce the unprofitable trade, which is net positive for margins, are you getting the sense that maybe your consumers have become a bit more accustomed or trained to buy on deals a bit more for your [indiscernible] Where you're reinvesting elsewhere, whether it's in marketing or display, the lifts on that are just sort of insufficient to counter the volume drag. I'm just curious if maybe making these changes to promo is a bit more painful upfront than you had anticipated with the elasticity to the consumer.
Andre Maciel: As we said throughout the last year, I think not all promotions are working the same as they used to. We do believe that base volume has also a significant implication on the size of lifts that we observe. So base volume is an area that we're paying too much attention to, especially, again, a lot of the product enhancements should help that base, which should give us a stronger starting point for the lifts to come up. There are places where we are contemplating as well base price changes instead of simply a promotion. So there is a discussion in some categories that might make more sense one versus the other. And on promotions, again, we have seen typically higher frequencies working better, not necessarily deeper discounts. You're going to see some of that reflected as we head into next year.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: The only thing I would add -- this is Carlos, is one of the things that we continue to see is consumers increasing the number of locations in which they buy their food. So we are seeing smaller size of baskets per trip, but an increase in the number of trips. So for us, it's also important not just to make sure that we have the right price, but that we also have right distribution in different channels in the U.S., which is why our expansion in dollar channels, club channels where we actually are seeing growth as well, too. So for us, it's making sure that, again, we have that combination on where the consumers are shopping at the right price point for us to make sure that we are attracting the purchases for consumers at the moment they need it.
Operator: And our next question comes from Ken Goldman with JPMorgan.
Kenneth Goldman: I wanted to dig in a little bit on the increase in your tax rate, if I could, into '25. We've heard from a number of multinational food companies and beverage companies in the last couple of weeks, I don't think any of them have really talked about quite the increase in tax that you're about to experience. I didn't know if there's anything unique in how you had previously considered tax in some of these other countries that we should consider or if there's anything you know about that's slightly different in how you approach the way you think about tax rate and so forth with the understanding that, of course, your tax -- your cash tax rate isn't going up quite as much. So just wanted to get a little bit of color there. Just -- it just seems a little bit more unique to Kraft than what we might have expected given the size of the announcement.
Andre Maciel: Look, I think companies have different strategies when it comes to taxes, so it's difficult for me comment on what others have. We did have a more competitive tax rate in the P&L compared to other peers, you can see that very clearly. We had to record in December -- in Q4 a $2.4 billion tax benefit in the P&L -- in net income this quarter and that's linked to a transfer we did in a certain business operation. And that was part of the efforts to reduce the cash impact of several countries enacting the global minimum tax regulation. So we did have this relevant benefit in the P&L this year. But as a consequence, the tax rate in the P&L will have a 500 bps increase starting '25. On the flip side, a $2.4 billion P&L gain will translate into approximately $120 million cash gains per year for the next 20 years, which makes the impact in our cash tax rate, which ultimately is the one that I'm most interested at being about 200 to 300 bps, okay? So you will see this is one of the reasons, not the only, why also our cash conversion is expected to be around 95% into '25.
Operator: And our next question comes from Leah Jordan with Goldman Sachs.
Leah Jordan: I wanted to ask about Lunchables. Just seeing if you could provide an update on how you see the recovery in that business. I know you had a supplier issue in the fourth quarter. It seemed like it was going to be resolved in 1Q, but the January data does still look a bit soft. So how should we think about the improvement from here? Is it more just needing price adjustments? Or is it more of a step-up in innovation as you're planning? And then just any color on the competition you're seeing in the category from private label and smaller brands.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Thank you for the question. First, I would say is that the supplier ingredient issue that we faced in Q4 still lingers through Q1. We will have that -- we will exit Q1 in a much better location in terms of service. So I think that, that you still see as we see the data in January. But again, as we go through the quarter, that will improve significantly. Now in terms of the overall category, what I'll say is our focus has been how do we continue to invest in the business that we believe can be a great source of growth for us as a company. And I'm proud of the fact that the team had been looking at using our Brand Growth System, looking at the places that actually can solve different pain points for consumers. So you'll see as we go through the rest of the first half a product that is much improved with better quality, better ingredients and us continuing to bring different innovation and marketing to our Lunchables business. So I think what you see right now, don't think of that as a sign of how the year is going to be, but you'll see that still there's a lingering effect of that Q4.
Andre Maciel: If you look at the sellout December and January, for example, for Lunchables, there are 4 SKUs in particular that are linked to the upstream supplier issue that we mentioned that are declining more than twice the average rate of Lunchables as a whole. And those are dragging the sellout down quite a lot in these last few months. We do expect that to continue to happen into February. We think the service issue will be fully resolved during the month of February and then we're going to see a gradual recovery on the sellout from that point onwards.
Operator: And our next question comes from Tom Palmer with Citi.
Thomas Palmer: I wanted to just ask on, and this is a little bit of a follow-up, but on the organic sales growth and inflection as the year progresses. I think the comment in the prepared remarks was sequential improvement throughout the year. It sounds like the second quarter has maybe some unusual timing benefits with the Easter shift and then also lapping the plant downtime from a year ago. So just trying to understand, are we looking for kind of an underlying sales trends, this bigger inflection starting in the third quarter to overcome that? And if so, kind of what are the key drivers of that inflection?
Andre Maciel: Thanks for the question. So yes, in the second quarter, you should see a relevant improvement on the trends. But only because of Easter being about 100 bps shift from Q1. But also we start to lap the factory closure -- temporary closure we had in the quarter. We start to lap that Lunchables report that was issued early in April. So those 2 things alone will -- these 3 things alone will have a relevant improvement in the trends, plus the fact that, as we mentioned before, price investments start more pronounced as we head into Easter and beyond and as we continue to launch some product enhancements, Lunchables being one of them.
Operator: And our next question comes from Michael Lavery with Piper Sandler.
Michael Lavery: Wanted to ask a similar question to Andrew's, but with the advertising as opposed to promotional spending. You pointed out the 4.5% level, but that does include market research. And even for peers, excluding that, the advertising level is -- averages closer to 5% or more. Is your marketing spending enough? And I know it's come up, but with just competitive and consumer dynamics, is that at the right level? Does there need to be some upside to that figure as well?
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Listen, I guess I will start by saying -- and thank you for the question, not all brands, not all countries are created equal. So I think one of the things you see is that we're also making sure that some of the analysis that we have done in the past years is that we have kind of the right levels of marketing in different categories and in different countries based on our needs and what it means to be successful. The second thing that you should also know is that we talked about earlier, we have especially designated categories to ACCELERATE, PROTECT and BALANCE. Our marketing dollars are going to continue to follow that. That is part of the strategy of us making sure we invest in those businesses that we believe have a bigger tailwind as we go forward. So again, in a different level of spending by different type of strategy. And the last thing I would say is one of our focus has been over the last 2 years doing 2 things: first, making sure that we improve the return of every dollar that we invest in marketing. So we have the analytical tools to allow us to do that. And second, that we continue to shift more dollar from nonworking into working. So I think as we go into 2025, you'll see us that even though we may stay at the same levels of overall spending, there's actually a dramatic shift in terms of how much consumers will see in terms of our marketing as we are shifting away from, again, places of nonworking dollars, being more efficient with those dollars so that actually can be beneficial to the brands.
Andre Maciel: And just to complement, as we have said before quite a few times, we do believe our sufficiency levels are around 5% and we're going to gradually get there. But to Carlos' point, one of the benefits, among others, of the Brand Growth System that we are deploying now is shedding light on opportunity for us to be a lot better in the returns of the marketing investments. So you'll see in '25 we are going to release $60 million to $80 million more marketing, like brand media marketing, which is quite a lot, more than a 10% increase, in our overall media investment. That's coming from nonworking dollars. And within the media, there is also a lot of efforts to redeploy media to places that provide higher return, be it about media levers or across certain brands. So even though the P&L will be flat as a percentage of revenue on a year-over-year basis, you'll see a lot more marketing pressure, which is important.
Operator: And our next question comes from Chris Carey with Wells Fargo Securities.
Christopher Carey: I wanted to ask, I guess, a bigger picture question. I think one of the things I personally struggle with is that the categories in which you compete are actually running more or less in line with historical growth rates. Not amazing, but more or less in line. And your business is just underperforming those categories in which you compete. And certainly, there are specific categories that have had some issues and you'll be lapping those and clearly that will be helpful. But it does feel like there's a bit broader of a dynamic underway. And I think that's where some of these questions are coming from around pricing investments and what's potentially needed in the acceleration of organic sales growth. I guess if you could diagnose what you think is driving some of this underperformance relative to categories on a broader level, whether that's execution, whether that's affordability. And really what I'm getting at, I suppose, is say we're sitting here in a few months and we're not seeing the pickup, what is the correct action to take? Is it incremental pricing, incremental advertising, a rethink of execution? So I realize that's a big question, but I'd love your observations or thoughts on this topic.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Thank you. Appreciate the question. I guess, let me just start by putting things in perspective a little bit in terms of the way I see it. Our portfolio is about over 200 brands and over 40 countries. If you think about today where we see our challenges, they are concentrating in 4 brands and only in the U.S. Retail business. And so it actually helps quite a bit for us to make sure that we are being focused on our investments in products and pricing in order to drive top line improvements in particular in those areas that, again, there are a subset of the large brands that we have in a number of countries we participate. At the same time, we're doing that, we're also being conscious of making sure we manage through our margins so that we don't go backwards in our gross margins. And in terms of the investments we're making, I think that it's easy for us to just point to the things that we actually have proven already. Let me give you an example of Capri Sun . We've actually improved 5 points in dollar sales in the fourth quarter. And that came about us renovating the product to make sure we win on taste, innovating, we're bringing new multi-serve packaging, single-serve bottles, bringing value to consumer, expanding into convenience channel. And at the same time, we're already seeing how the multi-serve product in club is actually becoming a top quartile item. So for us, it is that we already have kind of a blueprint in which we have applied our Brand Growth System to the critical brands in order to see results that we will continue to see -- experience as we go forward. So I know that sometimes it can seem like a lot. But again, for us, it's specific, it's a few brands, it's in the U.S. Retail and it's places in which we are attacking, leveraging kind of the proven methodology that we have now developed through our Brand Growth System in order to drive top line growth.
Andre Maciel: The other thing I will add is, look, there is not one answer, like there's not a silver bullet. I think given the different categories that we play in, different dynamics, the approach differs a lot. So there are places where, yes, it's affordability and that's where we are going to invest the price the most, to ensure that the price gaps are established. There are places, which is about continuing to invest in the products to maintain or increase product superiority. And that's where we see investments in places like Capri Sun, Lunchables and there are a few others. So you will see next week in CAGNY, I think that there are good answers for what you're seeking for because there is a lot of time in that presentation that we're going to be talking about, our path to growth, given specific themes across the different platforms. So I think you're going to see what you're asking in more detail over there.
Operator: And our last question comes from Alexia Howard with Bernstein.
Alexia Howard: Okay. Can I hit on the GLP-1 topic? We've seen other protein-focused companies in North America already announcing plans to lean into the rising uptake of these GLP-1 injectable weight loss drugs. First of all, do you believe Kraft Heinz is seeing any impact from them? And what opportunities are there to meet the unmet needs of these patients over time?
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Thank you, Alexia. I guess, let me start with the last part of your question. And no, we have not seen any meaningful impact from GLP-1 in the business. Now we do know that consumers who do use GLP-1s, typically what they're looking for is more protein and more hydration alternatives. So here at Kraft Heinz, we're making sure we continue to provide those choices for every consumer. And we've seen that, whether that is making sure in our portfolio that we highlight in products like Oscar Mayer, Lunchables, P3, even our quesadillas and Delimex and Heinz Beans, the amount of protein that actually can deliver for consumer in taste and accessible and affordable way. And then at the same time, we're also making sure that we are continuing to drive the importance of us elevating the portfolio of any product that has protein. So the fact that we have this Taste Elevation product platform within our company allows us to make sure that no matter what protein people are using at home, that we can actually elevate it and make sure that it delivers a great taste they're looking for. So I think you'll see us continue to emphasize this in approach as we go forward because, for us, it's important that we provide choices for every consumer and every lifestyle. Thank you, Alexia.
Anne-Marie Megela: Thank you, everyone, for your questions. Thanks, everyone, for your questions today. We look forward to seeing you all at CAGNY next week.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: See you next week. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's teleconference. We thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-30 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to The Kraft Heinz Company Third Quarter Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Please be advised that todays conference is being recorded. After the speakers presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Anne-Marie Megela, Global Head of Investor Relations.
Anne-Marie Megela: Thank you, and hello, everyone. Welcome to our Q&A session for our third quarter 2024 business update. During todays call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding our expectations for the future, including items related to our business plans and expectations, strategy, efforts and investments, and related timing and expected impacts. These statements are based on how we see things today, and actual results may differ materially due to risk and uncertainties. Please see the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in todays earnings release, which accompanies this call, as well as our most recent 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K filings for more information regarding these risks and uncertainties. Additionally, we may refer to non-GAAP financial measures, which exclude certain items from our financial results reported in accordance with GAAP. Please refer to todays earnings release and the non-GAAP information available on our website at ir.kraftheinzcompany.com, under News and Events, for discussion of our non-GAAP financial measures and reconciliations to the comparable GAAP financial measures. I will now hand over -- I will now hand it over to our Chief Executive Officer, Carlos Abrams-Rivera, for opening comments. Carlos, over to you.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Thank you, Anne-Marie, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. As we report our third quarter results, I first want to recognize the entire Kraft Heinz team for their continued dedication to making life delicious for our consumers. In todays uncertain environment, people are increasingly seeking value. Our commitment to serving them with our iconic brand remains unwavering. For our stockholders, our focus remains on executing against our strategic pillars, driving profitable growth and generating strong cash flow. Both Global Away From Home and Emerging Markets are growing and gaining momentum, and we are addressing areas for improvements in U.S. Retail. By maintaining a disciplined management approach and long-term perspective, we are able to navigate todays near-term volatility while generating strong cash flow and reinvesting in the business. We have the right strategy, we have amazing talent and competitive advantage culture. This gives me great confidence that we can drive consistent, long-term, profitable growth. And with that, I have Andre joining me. So, lets open the call for the Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Andrew Lazar of Barclays. You may proceed.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thanks. Good morning, everybody.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Good morning.
Andre Maciel: Good morning.
Andrew Lazar: Good morning. So, Carlos, I know initially, right, Kraft Heinz expected to return to sort of an on-algorithm pace in the latter part of this year. Your comments in the prepared remarks suggest you now dont expect to reach an on-algorithm pace during 2025. So, first, just to clarify, is that a comment on the totality of the year or you dont expect to hit your algorithm at any point during the year? And then as you diagnose the elongated recovery in U.S. Retail, how much of this is sort of execution-related or simply a consumer that has not yet fully adjusted their reference price points to the new levels and you having to sort of nudge them along a bit more than you might have initially thought? Thanks so much.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Thank you, Andrew. Let me start, and then maybe pass it off to Andre to give the details of how we see the impact of the long-term algorithm. I guess, first of all, Ill say, certainly, this year has been very different than I think many of us in the industry expected. So, I think, when we think about what we thought was going to be the exit versus what we see now, a number of circumstances have changed, but I think we are, frankly, better reacting to what the reality of the consumer, particularly in the U.S. and that has implications on long-term algorithms. So, I think, Andre, if you can just cover to that and then I can go back and talk about the execution aspect of your question.
Andre Maciel: Sure. So, thanks for the question, Andrew. As you rightly pointed out, we do not expect at this moment to reach algo on any part of next year, and as we said in prepared remarks, we do expect Away From Home Globally and Emerging Markets to continue to improve and continue to grow, and were going to see migrating closer and closer to the long-term algorithm. Emerging Markets continue to deliver volume growth that has been throughout the entire year and the pressure will be mostly concentrated on the U.S. Retail part of the business. We -- as Carlos said, I think, the industry dynamics this year did not go the way that we initially anticipated and were exiting the year in a softer position, and we do expect, even though industry next year currently we expect should be in line with levels pre-pandemic, we do expect propensity to trade down, continue to be very elevated at similar, if not higher levels than what we have this year, which will continue to put pressure on share. The good thing about that is we remain very confident in what were doing in our strategy for the long-term. We are being very disciplined in how we want to grow the business, for us its critical to be focused on growing our base volume in a healthy way, better innovation, higher marketing, and being very prudent and surgical on where promotions make sense or not, and because the problem is very concentrated in four categories that represent the vast majority of the U.S. Retail challenge, some of them, as we have said in prior earnings, take a longer time to recover. Youve got Capri Sun, for example, where they did a firm renovation, as we have said, it takes time until the trial gets generated and the repeat happens. So we need to be prudent. We are confident in what we are doing, but there is a longer trajectory out there. And with that, for execution, Carlos going to say a few words?
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Yeah. Let me just start by saying, as I said in the prepared remarks, we do feel like we have the right strategy, and frankly, if you look at our two out of our three strategic pillars for growth, they are working and gaining momentum. That also gives me quite a bit of confidence in terms of our ability to execute, and in fact, the reality is that we have also delivered consistent, best-in-class productivity levels for five conservative quarters about 4% of COGS. Again, our ability to execute shows up that way. And if you think about Away From Home, you think about the way that the year began and how we were able to navigate that storm and be able to gain momentum as we go into the second half, again, our ability to execute in that area. If I think about Emerging Markets, the fact that we are growing volume, we are gaining share, we are increasing retribution, again, our ability to drive execution in that area as well, too. So we have a number of things that I think are going well that give us the confidence and now we are also diagnosing kind of their specific areas in U.S. Retail that, frankly, we know what we have to address and we are going to be putting our entire company focus on making sure we make the right turnaround on those businesses. Thank you, Andrew.
Andre Maciel: Thank you.
Andrew Lazar: Thanks for your thoughts. Yeah. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. You may proceed.
Ken Goldman: Hi. Thank you. I wanted to ask about Lunchables. On the one hand, you are optimistic you can turn the brand around. I can certainly appreciate some of the challenges, and I guess, your upcoming efforts in a positive direction. On the other hand, you did take a pretty large charge today, which is related to Lunchables, and I guess, that does not really happen if there is an internal belief that the brand can fully come back. So, can you kind of walk us through how to balance -- I do not want to say it is an optimistic tone, but certainly you are encouraged about the ultimate path for Lunchables and how to balance that with the charge you took today and is it fair to say that that charge reflects your belief, I guess, that the brand may not ever return to what it once was? I guess that is the underlying question here.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Yeah. Thank you, Ken. I appreciate the question. First of all, let me just be clear. Lunchables is a very important part of our business, and defending a number one market share is a top priority. Full stop. Now, we are expected to see gradual improvements, but at the same time, we also recognize where we are right now. And part of that, I would say, is the negative publicity that we receive from that misleading interest group appears to be lingering longer. Remember, this is a brand that is focused on families and kids, so rebuilding that trust just takes some time. At the same time, we are seeing some competitive entry coming into the category, and in particular, and again, this is only for this particular quarter, we are seeing -- we are managing a particular supplier ingredient issue that we know that is a short-term focus on. So let me, I guess more importantly, let me tell you what the things that we are doing to recover. First of all, we are continuing to invest to expand the category penetration in this changing competitive environment. We are expanding flavors and formats. We just introduced a new spicy nachos that is launching nationwide as we speak. We are reimagining how we think about value at the shelf. We actually launched a new campaign for both parents and kids as we go into the first half of 2025, and at the same time, we are investing to renovate our entire line as we go into the first half of next year. Now, beyond this, we are also pulling forward a brand growth system to deploy against Lunchables to make sure that we have brand superiority for now and the future. And just to make sure that we have the right kind of nomenclature, brand growth system, if you recall, is a repeatable global model for growing our brands. It is essentially a process to solve consumer pain points with superior products delivering a convenient way at the best value possible. So we are using the best brand growth system that we have developed against the opportunity for us to drive this brand into next year. So, as Andre said, some of the things do take some time. We recognize the moment right now is being more challenged because of the one challenge in this particular quarter, but we believe this is a brand that will continue to grow and continue to be a hugely important part of our portfolio.
Andre Maciel: Just to add, regarding the charge, that is mostly a function of the decline that we are facing this year and the consequence of the allocated recoveries. So, when you do the cash flows, they land at a different spot because, remember, if you just look at Q3 alone, the sell-out of Lunchables is down about 15%. So, we -- as we expect the recovery to take longer and be gradual, that has an implication on that has resulted in the decline mostly.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Thank you again.
Ken Goldman: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Peter Galbo with Bank of America. You may proceed.
Peter Galbo: Hey, guys. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Good morning, Peter.
Peter Galbo: Maybe to follow up there as it relates to Lunchables, if you could give us a bit more detail just on the ingredient supplier issue. I mean, I know certainly in Oscar Mayer, right, theres an overhang from kind of the Listeria outbreak in the category thats probably impacting Oscar Mayer sales. But is that having any sort of upstream impact into Lunchables as well and any detail there would be appreciated.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: No. What I would say is, if essentially one of our suppliers was unable to fulfill one particular ingredient and it actually impacts essentially one SKU of Lunchables, but its an important one, and again, we impact to be limited this year. So this is creating a short-term shortage of that particular ingredient and its affecting us mostly in this particular quarter in Q4. But we continue to see opportunity for us to kind of resolve this in the very near future and get us back to what we need as we go into first half 2025.
Peter Galbo: Got it. No. Thats helpful. Thank you.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Okay.
Peter Galbo: If I could sneak in a second one. Just on Spoonables, I think that was an addition in terms of one of the challenges. Andre, I think, in the past quarters youve talked about, you thought it was kind of a pass-through issue on some of the raw materials that some of your competitors were seeing. But now it seems like maybe theres more of a brand problem or a product lingering issue. So maybe you can expand a bit on Spoonables, what changed in the quarter. Again, thats kind of been added to the list of headwinds?
Andre Maciel: Yeah. Spoonable has been facing a soft sell-out now for several months. And as we said before, we believe its not only, but mostly linked still to price gaps out there in the market. And we -- I dont think we have executed everything the way that we anticipated and that is work to do on that front. But we still see, versus historical levels, certain price gaps that are disadvantage. Thats just where the issue should be.
Peter Galbo: All right. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Tom Palmer with Citi. You may proceed.
Tom Palmer: Good morning and thanks for the question. I wanted to follow up quickly on 2025 assumptions. Oh, hi. Thanks. When you look at some of the challenged areas of your portfolio, I think for 2025, you said youre assuming better category performance, but assume continued trade down. So, I guess, to what extent do you see price adjustments as a way to address this continued trade down versus innovation and packaging, things like that?
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Listen, I think for us, we know that the right way for us to continue to build our brands is by driving superior products with better marketing and making sure that we have a full value format for all consumers, which is why we have continued to drive innovation in our products while we continue to focus on expanded distribution, both in club channel, Dollar General, as well as continue to expand our distribution in omnichannel. So thats number one. I think the question behind your question might be in terms of us thinking through whether we need anything else that we need to do in terms of managing price. I guess, what I would tell you is that, there are moments in which it does make sense for us to promote more. What -- the way we think through it is, lets make sure we do that in the right consumer location that ultimately leads to better base growth for the brand. So we need to do that intentionally so that we have the right investments returned on those promotions so that we avoid areas like barking, hunting behavior that ultimately do not have real incremental sales for the brands. So -- but at the same time, there are good places where, in fact, we have promoted more and we see that it makes sense for us to continue to see positive returns. So areas like Mac & Cheese Cups in which were driving significant growth as we are right now, making sure we have the right price gaps and the right kind of attractive starting price points in the category. Areas like Cool Whip, what we know can also lead to better base growth for the future. So it is a combination of, again, making sure we grow the brand, leveraging a brand growth system, focusing innovation, renovation, better marketing, and at the same time, be thoughtful about the places in which it makes sense for us to manage those price gaps in a way that leads to the base growth going forward.
Andre Maciel: What Ill add is our long-term algorithm contemplates continuous gross margin expansion. We feel very confident and proud about what we have done on the supply chain efficiency side. We have now four consecutive years of very strong delivery coming from there and this year in particular is the highest ever for us. We feel confident about the pipeline to continue to sustain very good levels of productivity and this productivity is critical to allow us to reinvest in the business. As Carlos said, look, our priority is really on improved trends on the base volume. That volume that happens agnostic of promotions. Thats 90% of food and beverage sales and people keep talking about promotions. The focus is base volume. And base volume, you do it to continue to innovate, bring the news to consumers, renovate the portfolio like we have been doing, do more and great marketing and thats what we want to do and thats what we continue to do. So our priority is there. So look, were not going to talk in detail guidance of 2025. Were going to talk a lot about that in the next quarter. I think weve said enough about 2025 to give you just a flavor of how we are seeing the big picture. But nothing changes in our strategy and nothing changes in terms of expectation to continue to expand gross margin in a prudent way.
Tom Palmer: Thank you.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Thanks.
Andre Maciel: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Palmer with Evercore ISI. You may proceed.
David Palmer: Thanks. I just want to build upon the discussion youre having, which has been helpful. Really, youve protected profitability pretty well in spite of inching up promotional activity in the U.S. Retail data that we see. And it sounds like from what youre saying that youre open to doing some tactical shifts in promotion spending from here if you see the returns. But Im wondering, do you see more significant spending level investments potentially in the horizon? It might not be promotion. It might be other marketing. And/or conversely, are you seeing any sort of tactics or content that could be improved upon that could really improve the base trends as youre talking about? What -- is there anything in the pipeline that you think might cause one of your key platforms to materially improve, just really good old-fashioned innovation and marketing improvements that you can make? Thanks very much.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Let me start. Thank you for the question. First of all, I would just say, if you put into context, again, we have three growth pillars. Two of them, we have put the effort and now are both growing and gaining momentum. And if you think about the U.S. business, we have kind of diagnosed the problem exactly to about four to five brands. And just to give you context, we have over 200 brands in our company. So for us, its very much focused on those areas and we went to attack. And hopefully you got to see in our prepared information that we sent out that already we are seeing how Capri Sun and Mac & Cheese, we are seeing the improvements and trends in sales as we have renovated, innovated and invested in both of those brands. We are seeing places like our Philadelphia business, Ore-Ida, Taco Bell, places where we have turned around those businesses and now driving significant amount of momentum as we go into the year and we have seen that even outside of the U.S. as well. So that idea of us continuing to understand how we play to our strengths by focusing on renovating, innovating and investing is something that has been proven model for us, and we already see evidence of that. And frankly, if you look at our Heinz business globally, today, it is a brand that globally for us is $4.5 billion and actually grew 4% in this particular quarter. So we know we have the right replicable model for us to apply and we will continue to do so, which is continue to make sure we have the right level of investing in marketing, not only the levels, but also continue to focus on the effectiveness of the marketing and then support it with the right investments in terms of technology, R&D, in order for us to fully, completely drive the innovation that we want to see. So in terms of promotions that I mentioned, it has a role. It is something that actually supports the business in certain locations in which can lead to that base growth. But frankly, our commitment to making sure that we invest in the things that will drive the brands strengths over the long-term is the number one priority. Thank you for the question.
David Palmer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Robert Moskow with TD Cowen. You may proceed.
Robert Moskow: Hi. Thanks. I guess, I would like to drill down on one of the product lines as well as Mac & Cheese. Carlos, you said that where youre making investments, its really working, but it is showing up as one of the drivers of the declines in the quarter. And I wanted to know, like, theres a lot of elements of Mac & Cheese and your Kraft is a big innovator, but what elements are you kind of struggling in in Mac & Cheese, because the data shows market share losses and I see a lot of premium products being entered into the market by your competitors. Is that the part of it that is more difficult for Kraft to compete in?
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Well, first of all, Rob, thanks for the question. In Mac & Cheese, remember, we have a brand that actually expands a number of formats. Like, if you see our Mac & Cheese Cups, already seeing a significant amount of improvements as we have gone into Q3. So that particular part of the business now is growing and gaining momentum as well. At the same time, we just launched new flavors to attract millennials. So a Ranch product, a Jalapeo product, and expect us to continue to work on those type of new flavors. Were also now bringing new shapes into the category, and I think, again, the idea of also bringing properties like Super Mario Brothers will be an opportunity for us to continue to drive that in terms of attractiveness into the category. So I think for us in making sure that we are continuing to focus on what are those consumers and what are the right formats and flavors that we can bring into the category. And at the same time, making sure that we talk to consumers, we do it in a culture-relevant way. What Ill tell you is that, one of the things that were proud of is that a brand like ours, Mac & Cheese, is a brand that is built for the many, not the few. So we know the role that we have in todays families, in which we wanted to make sure that we provide affordable and approachable solutions that everybody can enjoy. So theres a role for us to continue to live in, at the same time that were bringing new formats at different opening price points with different new flavors that attract a different type of consumers. So, again, were seeing the progress already in Mac & Cheese Cups, and I can see us continue to build on this as we go into next year. I feel very good about the path were taking.
Robert Moskow: Okay. Thanks. Can I ask
Andre Maciel: Thats a good example, Rob, of items that require longer recovery, if you will, because innovation, you need to ramp up, consumers should try, they should repeat. So I feel great about the products that are there in the market, but they take time and you need to be patient. Thats something that we have not been in the past, is patient with our innovation and we are changing that. But we feel good about what were doing. And to your specific example, thats one of the core examples of just promoting more is not it. So thanks for the question.
Anne-Marie Megela: Operator, we have time for one more question.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question comes from Chris Carey with Wells Fargo Securities. You may proceed.
Chris Carey: Hi, everyone. Thanks for the question. As I digest the conversation in the call this morning, I think, really what Im trying to understand is, this concept that I think Lunchables has been a headwind we have known about. Capri Sun was a headwind. And I think Im trying to understand what your perspective is on sort of the underlying ex those items and whether that specific bucket or a large bucket has changed relative to a few months ago and perhaps how you see that going forward. And if it has -- if things have changed, what do you think are the core drivers, right? So I appreciate the focus on some of these items. But when you take a step back on the rest of the business, what are the things that are happening that are pushing you to feel one way or the other? If you could just maybe expand on that, I think it would be helpful to kind of understand the trajectory of the underlying business ex those items? Thanks.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Sure. I think it sounds like youre referring mostly to the U.S. Retail business.
Chris Carey: Yeah. Thats correct.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: If you think about Capri Sun, this is a product that over the summer we renovated the product. We are seeing now the momentum is starting to improve. We are seeing that the fact that we are bringing a new format into new channels, whether that is multi-serving club, new bottles, single bottles into retail, going into convenience, going into vending, that allows us to continue to build the momentum of the holistic part of the brand. So new formula. Consumers are trying it. We are seeing that actually its helping us continue to start growing base volume. And at the same time, our focus continues to be how do we actually build that brand beyond just a typical retail channel in the 10-pack that for a long time has been the core part of the business. Now, in the case of Lunchables, I think the headwinds have really kind of offset some of the great work that is happening across Kraft Heinz. And Ill tell you that as we think about Q3, the back-to-school period proved to be more challenging than we had expected and why we actually recognize that its going to take longer for us to do this, the recovery of Lunchables. Now, that doesnt change the fact that we are completely committed to it. We recognize that this idea of us making sure we continue to build the trust with parents and families, it is part of what our job has to be done. But as I mentioned earlier, we are -- if you go into first half of next year, were bringing new products, renovating our quality, making sure that we have a new campaign that talks to both parents and kids, and at the same time, already in stores, were launching nationwide new products for us to expand to a bigger audience. In this case, we relaunched kind of the spicy nachos as we know that is an opportunity for us with bringing new kids into our franchise. So it is a short-term situation that is making what was a difficult headwind more challenging because of the supply ingredient that we have in Q4. But over time, youll see us continue to invest behind this to make sure that in fact Lunchables be the overall tremendous brand that we have created a shape into this category.
Chris Carey: But just outside of those brands, how do you feel about the business on an underlying? Sorry to ask another, but its just with respect to the rest of the business excluding those two brands, have things materially changed or should we think about these really being the core headwinds on the relative trajectory from here? Thanks so much and sorry for interjecting again.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: No. Thank you. I appreciate the question. Again, if I go back to what is it that we intend to do? We intend to drive the growth of our company through three key areas. Making sure we continue to drive Global Away From Home superior than anyone else. We are doing that and were getting momentum. We continue to drive emerging markets. We are seeing the growth that we saw in the quarter that gave us confidence that we can continue for us to drive that particular pillar. And in the U.S. Retail, really is about those few brands that we know we can act on. And in fact, a couple of those brands already, whether that is our Capri Sun business, whether its our Mac & Cheese business, we already are seeing improvements as we go through the quarter that we believe are in the right path for us to continue to gain into the future. So, overall, I feel very good about the fact that we know where the situations that we have to address are. That we have the tools in-house by leveraging a brand growth system to actually build on the momentum of those businesses as we go into 2025. And also feel good that we can deliver the accelerated platforms and growth that we expect as a third pillar of our overall growth for the company. And the last thing I will say is, this is also underlined by us continuing to deliver great productivity that is helping us fuel the gross margin. So were doing all this as we are delivering world-class level productivity. Were investing back in the business by investing in marketing, R&D and technology, and not compromising in the long-term growth of our company. And at the same time, also making sure that we are thoughtful about continuing to deliver great cash flow for our shareholders. Thank you so much for your question.
Operator: Thank you. I would now like to turn the call back over to Anne-Marie Megela for any closing remarks.
Anne-Marie Megela: Thank you very much, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. We appreciate your interest in Kraft Heinz.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes the conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-31 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to The Kraft Heinz Company Second Quarter Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that the conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Anne-Marie Megela.
Anne-Marie Megela: Thank you, and hello, everyone. This is Anne-Marie Megela, Head of Global Investor Relations at The Kraft Heinz Company, and welcome to our Q&A session for our second quarter 2024 business update. During today's call, we may make forward-looking statements regarding our expectations for the future, including items related to our business plans and expectations, strategy, efforts and investments and related timing and expected impacts. These statements are based on how we think today, and actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. Please see the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in today's earnings release, which accompanies this call as well as our most recent 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K filings for more information regarding these risks and uncertainties. Additionally, we may refer to non-GAAP financial measures which excludes certain items from our financial results reported in accordance with GAAP. Please refer to today's earnings release and the non-GAAP information available on our website at ir.kraftheinzcompany.com under News and Events, or discussion of our non-GAAP financial measures and reconciliations to the comparable GAAP financial measures. I will now hand it over to our Chief Executive Officer, Carlos Abrams-Rivera for opening comments. Carlos, over to you.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Well, thank you, Anne-Marie, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. Recognizing that it remains a difficult consumer environment, I am proud that we at Kraft Heinz are providing high-quality, convenient solutions that are a great value, brand worth paying for. And we will continue to stay focused on renovating and innovating with new benefits functionality and accessibility. At the same time, our teams have been relentless in unlocking efficiencies with a mindset of continuous improvements. And as a result of greater productivity and efficiencies, we have been able to hold prices below inflation this year while continuing to invest in innovation, marketing and R&D. And for our stockholders, through our dividends and share repurchases, we have returned over $1.5 billion in capital so far this year. I am very encouraged on how our focus on improving working capital is paying off. We increased free cash flow nearly $100 million or approximately 9% compared to last year and maintain our targeted leverage ratio. And finally, it's hard to believe that it has only been 4 months since my leadership team came together. We're on this journey together, all committed to driving improvements and achieving our company dream. I see the ownership and grit with my direct reports and across the organization. We are all embracing this new operating model and ways of working, and we are only getting stronger and stronger. With that, I have Andre joining me. So let's open the call for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Andrew Lazar with Barclays.
Andrew Lazar: Carlos, you mentioned the need for selective promotion and trade spend activity in the second half just to drive better volume results for a more value-seeking consumer. I'm curious if there's a way to dimensionalize the portion of the percentage of sales that are sort of in need some adjustments. And if there are any particular hotspots that require maybe more aggressive pricing actions or sort of a reset of sorts? Basically, I'm just trying to get a sense for how broad the price point issue really is across the portfolio with the understanding that, as you've talked about promotional right now are still below those you saw in 2019.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Andre, why don't you start and I'll add complement.
Andre Maciel: Andrew, thanks for the question. Look, we -- as we said in our guidance, we're contemplating a step-up in trade investment level. You saw that in Q2, we already had a little more trade than what we had in the last year, where those are still well below 2019 levels. We believe that looking forward, we are more focused on those price gaps versus branded competitors and in places where it makes sense for the long term. We -- I think we have been saying all along, and we continue to stick to this that we believe that's the way we want to grow the business is not through over relying on promotions and rather continue to invest behind our innovation, our renovation and our market investments. And that's what we have been doing, and we're sticking to that. We are confident about that into the future. But in the short-term, we are seeing selected spots where it does make sense to add promotions to close those gaps. I'm not going to give you like an overly precise number to your question, but I estimate in the 30% to 40% of the portfolio where those price gaps require some incremental level of investments in the U.S.
Andrew Lazar: It's really, really helpful. I mean. Yes, and then just a really quick one. Do you anticipate volume inflecting to positive in the back half? Because I think by our math, it's still implied that, that's the case even by the new guidance range? And I guess, how do you see volume progress playing out specifically in North America in the second half?
Andre Maciel: We do expect revenue and volume to gradually improve throughout the quarters. In our midpoint of the new guidance we don't have -- we don't need volume to grow for us to achieve our guidance. So our price expected to be in the -- around 1% territory for the total portfolio. So if you think about the second half, what's impacted the guidance is sales declining 0.5% and so that you can see. Now it's good. The good thing is volumes in emerging markets, despite some headwinds in Brazil and China, continue to be positive. They are positive in the second quarter. They will continue to be so a year to go. And in the U.S., we're going to -- we expect to have volume continue to improve. Again, in our midpoint, we don't need the volumes to turn positive for us to achieve it.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: And what I would say to add is -- also give me confidence as we think about that trajectory improving in the second half is that we are very much focused on driving that value in very much in a sustainable way. So it cannot just be value for the sake of value with delivering value in a sustainable way through innovation, renovation and marketing, for frankly, families that we know are spending more time cooking at home. So when you see some of our innovation around things like Mac & Cheese, where we're bringing new shapes, new flavors, new pack size to consumers at different price points. When you see us bringing New Mexican solutions with Taco Bell and Delimex, that allows us to, again, bring families solutions for their home when they're spending more time together. That is part of us kind of bringing new ideas and ways in which we can bring value to families at this particular time. And we're seeing that also in Away From Home business, where we continue to see the improvements on the momentum of the business. We are seeing the improvements that we are now servicing better going into Q3. We are also getting new customers in Away From Home business that, again, help us make sure that we're building on the success we've had in the past. And as Andre said, we have been selective in our investments in trade, but we're also committed to a disciplined approach to the RGM tools that we have used in the past, and we know that help us make sure that we continue to make a balance on the profitability of how we spend in a smart way.
Andre Maciel: Just a final comment is I think our dated guidance also reflects this philosophy in this approach because you see we have adjusted our net sales guidance down, but we largely kept our EBIT growth and we kept fully capital EPS growth. So that's what we are sticking for. We have been very disciplined in being very thoughtful about the type of investments we make and what are the long-term implications of that, and we're going to continue to do so.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Goldman with JPMorgan.
Ken Goldman: Just sticking on the subject of the back half. You provided a number of reasons for optimism. I think you've cited more innovation, renovation and marketing. You've talked about expanded distribution in certain parts of the business and then, of course, those targeted promotions. Just as we think about these drivers, plus the absence of the plant maintenance headwind, which are you counting on as being the most important and meaningful to hitting your updated outlook? Do the promos have to work? Is it really about innovation striking a note with consumer? I just want to get a better idea of kind of your visibility and reliance on the factors you're talking about.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Thank you for your question, Ken. I think, frankly, is a -- it depends a little bit on the region of the world. I think if you think about our emerging markets, as Andre pointed out, we have been growing volume. We continue to see improvements as we go into the second half of the year and we're ready. We exited June in a much better way than we had for the whole quarter. So we are seeing that in that case, distribution gains that we have invested in our go-to-market strategy in emerging marketing is working. And we continue to build the success we've had in the past. In our Away From Home business, it really is us continue to drive the improvements on our service, given our plant closure that we had in Q2, and those continue to start winning and winning some customers that we, in fact, already have qualify for us in the second half of the year, and that is both globally in the U.S. and outside the U.S. So we are not expecting initially a big improvement in the overall situation and away from home in the U.S. But what we do expect is that we are, in fact, continuing to see the progress in our distribution gains as we go forward. And in the U.S. and North America for all, is really driven by this balance between us driving this innovation, renovation of our brands, truly be more thoughtful about the value that we're creating with consumers in terms of the better products, the better ideas that we're bringing to market as well as being thoughtful on how we are going to spend on our revenue management tools -- spread our revenue management tools in order for us to make sure that we're having the right price gaps in the intended fashion across the branded competitors. So that would give you a little bit of sense of how we're thinking about the overall portfolio. I don't know, Andre, anything you want to add?
Andre Maciel: No, I think [indiscernible]
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Powers with Deutsche Bank.
Steve Powers: You called out a couple of overseas markets, specifically the U.K., China and Brazil, different dynamics in each of those markets. But obviously, a lot of work going on as you try to correct trade gaps -- or sorry, price gaps in the U.K. and fight through consumer demand softness in China and Brazil. I guess could you just expand on what you're seeing in those markets? And maybe a bit more color on what your expectations are for the back half in terms of any kind of sequential improvement?
Andre Maciel: Sure. So particularly maybe starting with the U.K. We -- as we said last year in earnings, this is a place that suffer a significant amount of inflation, probably even more than other developed markets. And private label in that particular market has started to get a lot of traction. And we decided in Q3 last year, to start to step up investments, to protect the volume. We do have some factories in the U.K. that also need to be mindful about the utilization of those factories, and protect the volume for some of the strong brands we have over there. We have put that in place since now almost a year ago, and we have seen the returns happening on the volume share side. So I think we're moving in the right direction. And with -- we were able to mostly protect even gross margin because of the amount of efficiency that we have generated there. So U.K., I think, is moving in the right direction. When it comes to China, a similar to what we have heard from others, the industry continues to be soft. I mean vessel the expectations that we do have about a country like China. So we continue to gain market share in modern trade. So that's a good thing. But the industry is just not working. And I think we set our expectation moving forward that it is for the short-term about China industry growth. In Brazil, we -- the good thing is we continue to gain market share. So that's been very consistent. And I feel good about that. Consumer has been demonstrating similar to other parts of the world fatigue and has been showing also vulnerability. So we saw some price gaps to branded players or private label that is negligible, also coming down. So we had to invest. But we face a situation where the customers adjusted their inventories down. You have to understand that in the emerging markets, the retailers tend to carry more inventory than in developed markets. So in a country like Brazil, you see inventories at the 45, 50 days level compared to the U.S., where you see 20 days, 25 days. So is very different. And what we have seen a situation like we are right now high interest-based consumer tightness, is [indiscernible] the inventories down. And honestly, we are not expecting that, and that created a challenge for us in Brazil in the first half of the year. We believe that inventories -- we believe now that they should be at the appropriate level, which should allow us to improve the situation. But yes, that's a little bit of a snapshot.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Baumgartner with Mizuho Securities.
John Baumgartner: I wanted to come back to North America. Your portfolio in a lot of your categories, you're not the highest priced product. And you think there should be some benefit from trade down into your brands. But with the focus on managing price gaps to other brands, it also seems like the equation is still very much price based. So at this point, how do you feel about the ability to redefine your portfolio through innovation, marketing, where you can better compete on non-price factors? Because it feels like there's already been a lot of work done with ingredient reformulations and so on. How do you think about the non-price competition?
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Yes. Well, first of all, thank you for the question. And as you pointed out, we have a series of iconic brands across our portfolio in North America that we feel great about. And you've seen already. I mean, you've seen brands from Philadelphia to -- or either where you are seeing the growth as we have continued to renovate those businesses are the success that we've had in a brand like Jell-O, where we have continued to renovate. So we have a playbook on how we continue to renovate our business, our brands to make sure that they, in fact, continue to be resonating with consumers today and for the future. I think in places where we are seeing that consumers are making choices as they are trying to manage the cash flow of the family, we also have to be aware that we have to provide consumers options at different price points so they can be part of their role basket size of the cash flow that they have available to them. That's why in a business like Mac & Cheese, well, it's certainly something that can fit the entire -- can feed the entire family. We want to make sure we have different price points in which we can come in to consumers and allow them to make sure they continue to enjoy our products. And it's also about us being able to be accessible in new places. One of the things we find right now is that consumers are actually increasing the number of trips and locations in which they shop. So for us, it's important that we continue to expand where consumers are going to try in our brands and why we have been so much focused on driving our improvements in terms of distribution in the dollar channel, whether that is with our Oscar Mayer businesses and making sure that we have the product they're looking for at that particular venue. But it's also us expanding our distribution in places like club, where we know consumers are also looking for different ways in which we can find value for the family. So for us, it's applying the playbook that we have from renovating and innovating and at the same time, making sure we have providing the access to families as they're shopping from -- in new spaces whether they're going from a dollar store to grocery to club and our brands continue to be there. Those are all things that you'll see us continue to add as we go forward into the second half of the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Lavery with Piper Sandler.
Michael Lavery: Just was wondering in away from home, maybe two things. You called out that it had the 2.1% decline globally. Obviously, you had the plant closure and some discontinuations. Can you unpack maybe the components there and give a sense of how much the slower foot traffic was a headwind? Or what the -- what the growth rate was excluding those kind of onetime things and maybe how much was from slower foot traffic? And then also, you've given an update in the past on the remix launch in BurgerFi the test. And just curious how that's progressing there.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Andre, you want to start then I'll go?
Andre Maciel: Sure. So our Global Away From Home business declined 2.1% in the quarter. And the impact from the plant closure is about 200 bps. So meaning that we will be flat without that effect. That will put us in a situation of similar performance to Q1, if you remove the plant closure effect. The planned exits that we had at the end of last year, they had back in the quarter of roughly 150 bps. So will be then growing 1.5%. So we're still gapped versus our long-term ago. We have been gaining sustaining share. Again, if you remove the effects from the plant closure, what we saw in Q2 in the industry is in the category that in where we play is that industry was worse in Q2 than in Q1, which I think we were not really expecting that. So in the U.S., about 100 bps softer in Q2 versus Q1. So I think the performance on our side helped to offset that headwind that happened in Q2.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Yes. And then to your question about our equipment strategy is pretty comprehensive in terms of how we think about bringing innovation, but also solving pain points for the operators and Away From Home. So the HEINZ REMIX, today, we have that already in market. And the way I think about it is, it is really a moment for us to do the trial, making sure we get the learning from that so that we can scale that in a meaningful way in 2025. And so far, we're hearing great fear from operators. We're collecting a number of data from consumers, and we're seeing how that actually allows us to even improve as we think about how we are going to deploy this further in 2025. The interesting thing, too, is that initially, we thought this would be something that people would be using most in their burgers. We actually are seeing them using in other foods as well when they see that in the different QSRs. Now beyond the HEINZ REMIX, we also have been focusing on bringing new dispensers, tabs and bending into the pipeline. And again, it's part of us thinking about more comprehensive, about how do we solve the pain point for operators. So our dispensers, for example, that are much easier for operators to clean, and it allows us to actually make sure that they reduce the amount of labor involved in the collecting and changing of the dispensers, they began shipping to customers now in Q2 and we believe that actually it's going to continue to improve distribution as we go into the second half of the year. And already beginning to get much, much distribution that we had originally expected. So you'll see you'll continue to now drive some of the learning that we began in the U.S. globally as well as we continue to then bring more of those tabs and bending ideas into the marketplace. And thanks for the question.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Palmer with Evercore.
David Palmer: Just looking ahead in the U.S. retail and you're looking to stabilize things there, and thanks for the commentary earlier on volume and pricing. But -- how are you thinking about improvement across the portfolio and what we're going to be seeing in the scanner data? You've called out Capri Sun and Lunchables as two areas that might improve, that are turnaround situations, those are down, certainly the most, but that doesn't necessarily mean those are the biggest areas of improvement that you're anticipating. How are you thinking about which brands and which categories will improve the most in the second half?
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Let me start. And then what I would say is -- we called those out because there were a meaningful headwind for us and in our second quarter. And I think it's something that the teams have done an amazing job of making sure that we have the right plans as we go forward. I mean, it was meaningful to the point that in the case of Lunchables, we saw from a low point of, I would say, down 17%, the worst weeks in the second quarter. What we have actually seen a steady recovery since that particular point, and we're building that improvement. And the teams are getting ready, both in terms of renovating, innovating, doubling the marketing spend, improving the media mix, improving the targeting strategies and increasing the value equation for the consumers as we go forward. And that includes innovation. Some of it we included already in some of the slides that you saw, but also we have other innovations that for competitive reasons, we're not including yet, but they will be coming in the second half of the year as well. For us, we continue to expand in the Lunchables within partnership with Del Monte in the second half of the year. So there is a meaningful amount of program that is supporting our Lunchables and you see that from -- and you begin to see that really come into fruition in our back-to-school program when we're teaming up with the Transformer movie, as something that, frankly, we have been successful in the past of doing movie tie-ins, as we have done with the Heinz brand. And we did point out as well Capri Sun because, again, it was a meaningful headwind for us in the second quarter that again, the teams have been very much focused on driving a change in trajectory as we go into the second half of the year. They have renovated the original Capri Sun to better align with the consumer taste preference, invested twice the marketing as we go into 2023 versus 2023. We have secured strong back-to-school displays with customers. We have invested in the right promotional events, and we have expanded into new channels with club. So again, it had both places where we have seen some meaningful headwind in Q2 that we now have also just as a meaningful reaction in terms of improving the trajectory as we go forward. And that will continue with the other things that are working for us. We do have some positive momentum in parts of our accelerated platform. I mentioned Narita, which is gaining almost a share point our Mexican business, we're also gaining 80 bps. Cream cheese business has sustained growth through the entire first half of the year. So those are business that we'll continue to see gain that momentum as we go into the second half of the year.
Andre Maciel: In think we should expect Mac & Cheese as well. There's a lot going on in the Mac & Cheese in the second half. That might be worth.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Yes, yes. I think that -- if I think about how do I round up the items and accelerated platforms. There's probably two areas in which we feel like we also have to be focused on, and we are. One is on our Spoonable business in which we are, in fact, making sure that we are having the right brand price gaps against our branded competitors. So we are investing in new flavors and making sure we have renovating the package design on a Spoonable business. And in Mac & Cheese, as you saw from our slides, you saw us making sure that we bring in, again, new innovation, new shapes, new flavors, tie in now with Super Mario Brothers. So that idea of us being able to bring innovation and exciting into the Mac & Cheese business is part of us continue to see us improving the momentum of that business we go into the second half of the year which we know is a product that the families really care about in moments in which they're looking for value to feed their entire family.
David Palmer: Great. And I was going to follow up and ask you about condiments and sauces, and in particular, the spoonables area like you discussed it, but you covered it. I'll pass it on.
Anne-Marie Megela: Operator, we have time for one more question.
Operator: And our last question comes from Robert Moskow with TD Cowen.
Robert Moskow: Andre and Carlos, I think one of the concerns on Kraft Heinz stock is that all this great progress you've made on gross margin recovery might come under pressure over the next 12 months because you have to make some of these price investments and because volume has been weak. So maybe to address those, can you talk to -- what would gross margin have been in 2Q excluding some of these onetime issues like the plant closure and the other elements that maybe are more transitory? Could this have been an even higher number? And would that kind of give us confidence, therefore, that there's more room for gross margin expansion into 2025?
Andre Maciel: Rob, thanks for the question. Look, in both Q1 and Q2, we did have a few situations that negatively impacted gross margin like very onetime in nature. I'd be reluctant to give you a precise percentage points, but we did have quite a few substantial events in Q1 and Q2. And despite that, we are able to expand the way that we did it. As you head into the second half, last year, we had a big step-up in gross margin in the second half. So we're going to see a more muted year-over-year impact from gross margin. But -- so -- but that's part of the plan since the beginning. So we're not really worried about that. As we head in '25, and I'm not going to give guidance although, but if you remember our long-term algorithm, we do contemplate continuous gross margin expansion, not at the levels that we are seeing right now, but in the 25, 75 bps-ish. But as a consequence of the very strong efficiency that we have, I think we were able to fix the supply chain now a few years ago, and we have now for 4 consecutive years in very strong delivery coming from the team. We have -- we feel very good about the pipeline that we have. We have been able to see to not only -- remember, we had a 3% inflation this year. We're only pricing 1%, and we were able to offset that with efficiencies and still expand gross margin should we invest in the business. So we do expect that this equation might continue to work into the future. So we should expect a more gradual but continuous gross margin expansion.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: The only thing I would build, Rob, is this idea was really changing the rewiring of the company, where we are all focused on driving efficiency because it's the fuel for us to drive profitable growth has now been embedded across the company. You see that with procurement, you see in operation, but you also see in marketing on us being able to have more efficiencies of how we go to market improving the return on investment. You see that in trade on how we apply AI to have better tools on how we actually have better investments and profitable ways in which we can embed our trade as we go into the marketplace. So it is not a one and done. It is something that we believe can be a sustainable strength for us as a company. And personally, I believe that having healthy gross margin is truly the key component of having a virtuous cycle of growth, and that is a big part of why we are so strong believers on a long-term algorithm for the company.
Andre Maciel: The changes in operating model that we have done a couple of years ago to really reintegrate commercial and supply chain, I think it's really paying off big time. And the incentive alignments that we have done, we mentioned this before, like everyone in the company has 2 KPIs in common, which market share and gross margin because we want people to grow profitably. So I think that also contributes to that.
Anne-Marie Megela: Thank you, everyone. Thank you for your interest in Kraft Heinz.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes the conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-05-01 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Kraft Heinz Company first quarter results conference call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. 
 I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Anne-Marie Megela, Global Head of Kraft Heinz Investor Relations. 
Anne-Marie Megela: Thank you, and hello, everyone. Welcome to our Q&A session for our first quarter 2024 business update. 
 During today's call, we may make forward-looking statements regarding our expectations for the future, including items related to our business plans and expectations, strategy, efforts and investments and related timing and expected impacts. These statements are based on how we see things today, and actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. Please see the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in today's earnings release, which accompanies this call as well as our most recent 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K filings for more information regarding these risks and uncertainties. 
 Additionally, we may refer to non-GAAP financial measures, which exclude certain items from our financial results reported in accordance with GAAP. Please refer to today's earnings release and the non-GAAP information available on our website at ir.kraftheinzcompany.com under News & Events for a discussion of our non-GAAP financial measures and reconciliations to the comparable GAAP financial measures. 
 Before we begin the Q&A session, it gives me great pleasure to hand it over to our Chief Executive Officer, Carlos Abrams-Rivera, for opening comments. Please, Carlos. 
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Well, thank you, Anne-Marie, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. So before we begin our Q&A, I'd just like to provide some perspective on our top-up session here at Kraft Heinz, our consumers. And while we've seen a notable uptick in consumer sentiment in the first quarter, there is a gap between high and low earners continues to remain wide, and it shows a clear and continuing bifurcation. So the lower-income consumers are challenged with interest rates remaining high, gas prices elevated and savings dwindling. So there's a clear pullback of restaurant spend by these lower-earning households, especially in restaurants and convenience stores. These consumers instead are looking for value as they prepare more meals at home. 
 So in contrast, there has been a meaningful growth in travel and accordingly, an increasing hospitality and entertainment sales, driven by the bounce back among the higher earners. And here at Kraft Heinz, we are here to meet the evolving needs and taste of all consumers, whether they're looking for value in serving their family delicious meals at home or seeking culinary delights that they set out on new adventures. They can look to the iconic and trusted brands of Kraft Heinz. 
 So for us, it's about having brands that are accessible and available to everyone. I believe we're well positioned to serve all of this consumer for three primary reasons: one, because we are bringing innovative food solutions and faster than ever before; two, because we continue to renovate our core brands for today and tomorrow; and three, because we have the best team in the industry, full stop. We are on track to meet our goals of generating $2 billion incremental net sales from innovation, and the world has taken notice as we were recently named one of the world's Top 50 Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company. But more importantly, we are expanding the choices we offer our consumers so that they don't have to sacrifice, whether it's providing greater value through multipacks, plant-based options such as our newly released NotCo Mac &  Cheese or expanded the choices in our iconic brands such as Zero Sugar Heinz Ketchup. 
 Myself, I've been traveling around the world visiting with our employees, and they are consumer obsessed. Their sense of ownership, collaboration and agility is so inspirational. I just want to say thank you to every one of them for their dedication. We are proud of our progress, both far from satisfied, as we continue focusing on serving these consumers and making lives delicious for everyone. 
 And with that, I have Andre joining me, so let's open the call for Q&A. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Andrew Lazar with Barclays. 
Andrew Lazar: It looks like KHC is still losing share in North America Retail, though at a more modest pace recently. But in the ACCELERATE platform specifically, your remarks call out holding or gaining share in about 55% of this platform. I guess would you expect this percentage to be higher given the disproportionate allocation of resources to this platform? 
 I guess a little more detail on share trends within ACCELERATE would be helpful. And then you mentioned U.S. restaurants softening a bit. Are you starting to see any of that on the flip side benefit at-home eating for your business? And if not, why would that be? 
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Yes. So thank you, Andrew, for the question. Before I get into the ACCELERATE, let me just at least give you a view of how I'm seeing so far the business performance. If you look at the last 5 weeks, just to remove the noise of Easter, we actually continued to see volume share improvement versus year-to-date, and we're holding dollar share at the same pace in the U.S. So that's at the macro level in the U.S. for our company. 
 Now if you look at the ACCELERATE platforms, we actually continue to outperform the other platforms. So far, we are seeing flat in dollar share and growing volume share by 0.2 points. And now let me just break the other 2, and then I'll go back to ACCELERATE. We are losing share in PROTECT platforms, as we continue to see the impact of the decline in SNAP benefits. At the same time, I'm actually pretty excited about the renovations we are seeing in these brands because we are going to be continuing to bring more consumer preference options as we go into the [ sense of the year ]. In our BALANCE part of our portfolio, we are losing share but improving versus a year ago versus year-to-date, primarily driven by coffee. 
 Now to your question about ACCELERATE platforms. There's a couple of big brands that are in there that I would like to unpack a little more. If you think about our Mac & Cheese business, which is within the ACCELERATE platform, what you're going to be continuing to see is: one, we are going to start lapping a lot of the headwinds from SNAP. Mac & Cheese was probably one of the more categories that were more actually impacted by SNAP. And as we go into Q2, beginning now in May, you'll see a plethora of new innovations from gluten-free to new options and flavors on our Mac & Cheese business as well as some new, exciting things for the category with some new SKUs that we're bringing in the second half of the year. 
 If you look at the other parts of our ACCELERATE platform, that includes our condiments. And the condiments side, what I would say is our category actually is expanding. So we are growing, and we're actually growing volume share. So for us, is how do we continue to drive this growth within the category that has the right tailwinds behind it. And you'll see us continue to expand on the number of offers and innovations and we go into year to go. 
 The one note that may be also helpful to understand in the ACCELERATE platform is also we also got out some nonstrategic business, in particular, our Heinz bulk vinegar, which was a business that for us in terms of the economics didn't make us more sense. So we also exited that in the first quarter of the year. So hopefully, that gives you a sense how we're thinking about ACCELERATE within the comfort of our total company. 
 I think the second part of your question is on an Away From Home business. And I think let me just say that right now, as I mentioned in some of the prepared remarks, we are seeing some of the slowing of the restaurant traffic in the U.S., which some of it is impacting our business, but also some of the impact that we saw in the first quarter was due to us exiting some low-margin businesses, as we think about making the right choice for the overall P&L. The actual exit of the business was about $50 million in the first quarter, and that's going to be similar throughout the rest of the year. 
 Now for us, as we believe as we go forward, we actually believe that it's about us continuing to drive the importance of Away From Home in new channels. I mentioned in the opening remarks that we're also seeing great opportunities in terms of travel and leisure. And that's an area where our teams are both focused because of the only growth, but also because it allows us to expand margins into those areas. And we also are seeing improvement in terms of distribution of our core businesses as we go into the -- into Q3. 
 So again, I feel very good about Away From Home. I think that the trends will continue to improve. And at the same time, for us at Kraft Heinz, we have the scale to make sure that no matter where our consumers are shopping at hotels, where they're going into restaurants or a home, that we have the distribution opportunity for us to kind of make sure that we are there to service anywhere they are. Thanks for the question, Andrew. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. 
Kenneth Goldman: You mentioned inflation in your comments in a few areas. I guess two questions here. First, I don't think you updated us, forgive me if I missed it, but I think last time you were talking about maybe 3% cost inflation for the year. I'm just curious if that's still a reasonable number. 
 And then I guess, second, more broadly, there's been a lot of attention paid to cocoa, obviously, but coffee inflation has been fairly notable as well. And I'm just curious, right, even though historically, coffee is somewhat of a pass-through category, do you think that if you and your competitors need, you'll be able and even willing to raise prices to customers as much as you typically might hear? Or do you maybe expect a little more, I guess, pushback than usual? 
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Thank you, Ken, for the question. Let me just -- okay, let me start, and then I'll ask Andre to continue to build on it. For us, we are certainly committed to continue to provide families with affordable options. So -- and that means something that we take very seriously. And if you think about 2023, we did end the year with a 3% inflation, but we only pass about 1% pricing to consumers. So we do that very much intentional in a way for us to make sure we are all doing everything we can to offset things so that consumers don't see it. 
 Now Andre, if you want to comment a little more in terms of what you see in terms of cost inflation today in the coffee category. 
Andre Maciel: Sure. So yes, we still expect inflation to be in the low single-digit territory, like we said before. So nothing has changed in that regard, with inflation a bit more concentrated in Q2 and Q3 than in the shoulder quarters. And that's primarily because of what we call the big 3 commodities: cheese, meat, coffee, which we are seeing particularly in meat and cheese, higher level of inflation happened in Q2, Q3 as we are lapping very favorable comps from last year. So yes, so we don't see any other meaningful change here. And the price that has been taken is very surgical around those categories have been suffering the largest impact. And say cocoa likely is not a relevant part of our portfolio at all. I mean a little bit in Netherlands, but beyond that, there's nothing worth mentioning. And we don't see any reason to believe at this point that we would not be able to continue to pass-through the prices in those commodity categories like it has always been the case. So... 
Kenneth Goldman: All right. And if I could ask a quick follow-up. Just the increase in gross margin guidance, coupled with no other changes implies a bit higher SG&A than you previously expected. So just assuming that's accurate, are there any key areas in operating expenses we should think about that are maybe a little bit higher than planned, obviously, not a huge amount? Or maybe the plant shutdown is the primary, I guess, culprit here, so to speak. Just trying to get a little color there, if we could. 
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: As you saw in CAGNY, we are starting to deploy our brand growth system, which is the method that allows us to continue to improve in our marketing and continue to strengthen our brands. And one of the components of the brand growth system is ensure that we have the sufficient level of marketing across the portfolio. And we've started to see a few selected areas where we need to step up the market investment, thinking on the long term. And we have been gradually approving incremental investments on top of what initially planned on the marketing side, in particular, which I think is a great thing for us. That's all. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America. 
Bryan Spillane: I just had two questions. One, just, I guess, a detail. Can you share with us -- I think in the past, you've shared with us how much the SNAP issue has impacted organic sales. So do you have that for the first quarter? 
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Look, it's never 100% precise. We're talking about the macroeconomic model, but we estimate on the U.S. Retail business back in the range of a few hundred bps negative impact. 
Bryan Spillane: Okay. And then a question on the Away From Home in the U.S. and the deceleration. And again, you've quantified the impact of the plant closure, but just can you give us a sense of how much the -- I'm sorry, the impact of the exiting the customer. But can you give us a sense of just how much of the decline is also related to like traffic at restaurants? Just trying to get a sense of the weighting of what's actually driving the slowdown. 
 And then also, as you look into the second half, right, where you're expecting -- there's an expectation that there's going to be some recovery, just what underpins that? And I say that in the context of as we're kind of going through earnings season, a lot of the restaurants have incrementally gotten worse or slower. So just is there maybe too much optimism baked into the back half expectation for recovery when it looks like a lot of these restaurant companies are guiding down? 
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Let me start and then Andre, if you want to kind of build on that, and thanks for the question, Bryan. First of all, I continue to feel very good about overall strategy globally about Away From Home. Again, it's a business that we are seeing continue to improve outside the U.S. and even as we are seeing some of the slowing of the restaurant business here in the U.S. 
 If I think about the second half, there's a few things that I think we'll feel better as we go into this rest of the year, even in the U.S. here. First of all, we mentioned about this factor impact that we had to close for unplanned maintenance, and that's going to affect us in Q2, and that will be behind us as we go into the second half of the year. The second part is that we are also going to be expanding the number of clients is where you're going to find our portfolio. So there's a number of things that I cannot speak today, but that we'll see as we go into Q3, in which we actually expand the distribution of our products. 
 And then the third part is that we are going to continue to drive the focus on us going into attractive higher-margin channels. So again, beyond the restaurants in places like leisure, hospitality and travel, where we are actually seeing better performance because of the higher-income consumer and us getting into those channels in particular. And I think within that channel, we are seeing very successful programs around our Heinz Selection program and hospitality experiences that allow us to bring differentiated type of programs in an industry that until now, we really have in play that strongly. 
 So -- and then lastly, what I would say is this is an area where we're going to continue to drive innovation in Away From Home. I mean already, you are seeing how we are taking our Heinz REMIX machine, and we're actually using that and planning it to work in the partnership that we have with BurgerFi, which is now our first restaurant to debut through Heinz REMIX, and that we're going to see that expanding as we go into 2024. 
 So the idea is it's not only the fact that we're going to be present, but we're also going to continue to bring innovative in both the channel and the type of products we're going to bring into those channels. And Andre, anything else you could talk about? 
Andre Maciel: I don't think so. 
Operator: Our next question comes from John Baumgartner with Mizuho Securities. 
John Baumgartner: Carlos, you highlighted consumer stress as a theme. And I wanted to ask in North America where the volume declines are still more pronounced, things like Mac & Cheese you just detailed for Andrew, but also catch-up in juices. These are categories where private label has been underpenetrated historically, and now you're seeing volumes growing a bit. Are you seeing anything different, whether it's new merchandising by retailers or new price sensitivity among consumers that's changing the dynamic in these categories at all? 
 So I'm curious for your take on the pockets of private label share growth. And then maybe a follow-up, are there any specific categories in U.S. Retail where you're expecting material benefits from joint business plans or reinvestment for the duration of this year? 
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Let me thank you for the question. First on the private label, first of all, we are fortunate that we have such an iconic and beloved brands in our portfolio. And I think what you're seeing is that really, we haven't seen much of a change in terms of our overall gaps versus private label. And I think for us, the benefit that we have had is that over the last 2 years, we have spent a significant amount of energy and continue to renovate our portfolio. And today, we certainly have, in the U.S., renovated almost 100% of our portfolio to make sure that it continues to be relevant for today and tomorrow. 
 And I think that, that along with the fact that we are also very much focused on delivering great value to consumers. We have to make sure that as we think about value, that is not just about the price point, it's also about it's worth paying for it. So that's why our focus on driving quality products in a way that is affordable and giving more consumer choices, that is also driving the overall value equation for consumer. So what you're seeing in the data is private label have been gaining share, but really they have stabilized and they're taking more share from other branded players. 
 In terms of our JBP, that continues to be a strength of ours. That frankly, it comes out with the fact that we have been building this trust and partnership with our key retailers that allows us to truly leverage the scale of our total portfolio in a way that help us to both drive our distribution of innovation as well as improve our overall performance and execution in store. Because of this partnership, we can do things in store that probably the other peers cannot do. Whether that's when you think about the holiday season coming up now in the summer, we have the range of a portfolio that allows us to create through differentiating and unique value promotions that other people cannot do. So it's something that we continue to elevate and we continue to build on as we strengthened our portfolio and the partnership we have with the key retailers. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Powers with Deutsche Bank. 
Stephen Robert Powers: Carlos, in the prepared remarks, you talked about the unplanned maintenance that you had to take on one of your Away From Home plants. It seems that you've resolved that issue and you expect the impacts to be isolated to the second quarter. But maybe just a little bit more detail on what transpired there. Any kind of root cause diagnostic? And then just do you expect that to be a pretty quick bounce back in recovery in 3Q? Or is the recovery going to be more spread across the back half? 
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Yes. Thank you for the question, Steve. Yes, listen, it's not -- I wouldn't give you that much more information than already shared. It was a temporary shutdown in our plant for that unplanned maintenance. Now that particular factory was very much focused on our Away From Home business. And so those continents are places that we can outsource from other places and much within our network of factories. So that's why, in particular, it created a little bit of a dissonance in the Q2 only. And Andre, if you want to give a little more details on the impact in our -- what we see in the range of the portfolio for Q2? 
Andre Maciel: Yes. So as we said in prepared remarks, production has resumed and is gradually going back towards the prior level. Not there yet, but production has resumed. And that's why I expect the impact to be -- we do expect production to be fully back on track within the quarter. And then the impact on top line, as we said, will be in the range of 50 to 100 bps to the total company growth, which is a function of how fast you can really bring the production fully up to speed. 
Operator: Our next question comes from David Palmer with Evercore ISI. 
David Palmer: Two questions. First, a follow-up on Foodservice. What is your general Foodservice assumption going forward that underlines your mid-single-digit organic growth that you have planned for the year? Is that, that you basically expected that current trends industry-wide and globally will remain similar level that you saw in the first quarter or improving from there? 
 And then secondly, just Oscar Mayer and the beverage business, both were declining maybe mid-single digits or so in measured channels in the first quarter. Could you maybe talk about the challenges and general plans and prospects for improvement for each of those? 
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Maybe, Andre, if you can comment on Away From Home and maybe I can build on the Oscar Mayer and beverage business. 
Andre Maciel: Yes. So first, if you think about our second half, as we said, we expect to be on algo throughout the entire second half. And if you think about our 3 pillars of growth, first, on Emerging Markets, as we said, Q1 came in line with what we said will happen mid-single digit, primarily because of the shipment phasing in Brazil. So as we head into Q2, we do expect Emerging Markets to be now very close at our long-term algo, and in the second half fully on the long-term algo. So that's a point comes from that roughly, maybe a little more. 
 On the U.S. Retail business, as a function of industry improving gradually, volume continues to improve. All the innovation, renovation, Carlos mentioned a few examples. We do expect to be, if not on algo, at least approaching algo, so that will be a big contributor for the improvement as we head into the second half. 
 And then finally, on Away From Home, like we don't need to be fully on algo to deliver our numbers in the second half, and that's not what we're contemplating. So we don't expect Away From Home to be fully back on algo. Even though on the international side, we should be back there in the U.S. where we think the dynamics of the industry is what give us a pause. We do expect improvement and a gradual improvement on the industry plus the business risk. But I mean, I think we're still a bit on a pause to see how much of the industry will recover. But again, we don't need to be fully on algo in the U.S. Away From Home to deliver our guidance for the second half. 
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: And then just going deeper on the Oscar Mayer and beverage question, David. But I would say, if you go back to our CAGNY presentation, those are businesses that are in 2 different portfolio roles within our company. So our beverage business is within our PROTECT business, in which we actually are allocating resources in order to protect the profitability through the renovation across those brands to drive the growth. 
 So if you think about some of the key brands there, you see that our MiO liquid concentrate in which we actually just renovated our entire kind of design or product. We have a new campaign, a marketing campaign focused on the wellness of the brand can offer. If you think about Crystal Light, we just debuted our first major innovation in 10 years, and we're launching a number of new and exciting functional benefits. If you think -- and then for us is how do we continue to drive that sense of focus on renovating on those particular products because we know they are differentiated, and we think they are well positioned for the long term. 
 In the Oscar Mayer part of our BALANCE business, which, again, we are making sure we're making the right investments in order to protect our distribution. And at the same time, we also are being thoughtful about how we are going to manage a business that are very exposed to the commodity side of things. So we are being also thoughtful of making sure we are protecting the top line, while at the same time, making sure we have the right gross margins management in order for us to make it work within the entire Kraft Heinz portfolio. 
Andre Maciel: The other thing I'll add on the BALANCE portfolio as a whole, you saw in prepared remarks that overall, the BALANCE declined 4% in the quarter, but the gross profit dollars grew 5%. So as we have said before, we continue to -- it's a balancing act, and we continue to make sure that we don't starve those brands of the core investments to sustain their business. But you should not expect an average growth coming from there. 
Operator: Our last question comes from Robert Moskow with TD Cowen. 
Robert Moskow: Andre, I think you might have already answered this, but mathematically, I think the guidance now for Foodservice implies a 50 basis point reduction to the overall company compared to, I think, the high single-digit guidance you had last quarter. So does the rest of the portfolio need to offset that? Is anything -- are you expecting anything to be a little better than you expected? Or is it just kind of absorbed? 
 And then secondly, I think the slide said that you're seeing improvement in retail trends in U.S. Retail, maybe that's just versus a year ago. But can I assume that despite the market shares being down versus a year ago, do you need to make any big -- any adjustments to your marketing plan for 2024? Is there any increased price investment or advertising investment that needs to be made that's different from what you expected? 
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Andre, do you want to start with Away from Home, and I can comment on the retail trends? 
Andre Maciel: Yes. First, as you said, the 50 bps that we mentioned in the prepared remarks should be clear, is linkage, the 50 to 100 bps expansion of plant shutdown and is focused on the second quarter. So we do not expect impact from that as we go into the second half. So as we head into the second half, as I said before, we do expect Emerging Markets to be fully back on algo. We do expect the U.S. Retail, North America Retail to continue to improve, like improve in Q1. We expect to improve more in Q2 and then more in the second half, like as a function, again, of lapping SNAP and a lot of contribution from innovation and renovation. 
 And on the Away From Home, we do expect the rest of the world to gradually improve and get close, if not, at algo. And then the U.S. becomes then the question  we don't need to be at mid-single digit in the second half for us to achieve our guidance. But we do expect a gradual improvement on industry. And I think we are seeing that from different sources as well. I think that there is a general expectation of that together with all the business wins that we have done, and I think that we're going to be past the situation with the plant as we had in the second half. 
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Thank you, Andre. And on the retail trends, I guess, I'll go back to the point at the beginning, which is we are seeing volume share improvements versus in the last 5 weeks into year-to-date. So we are seeing that the momentum is happening already. And for us, what we are going to be doing is focus on those things we can control, which is as you go into the year to go, you'll see us continue to drive the renovation of our brands, like I mentioned, whether it's in our PROTECT platforms and ACCELERATE, which is driving more innovation, as you'll see now, begin now in Q2 and we continue to step up through the rest of the year. And then these margins are marketing investments. 
 Andre mentioned earlier that part of the reason we're taking some of those gross margin dollars and investing back in the business is because now we are deploying a brand growth system that allows us to think about how do we make sure we're being smart about where to spend and places that maybe we haven't been spending at sufficient levels. So you are, in fact, going to see that continued focus on not driving the right dollars against the right priorities for us to drive the retail growth. And thank you for the question, Rob. 
Anne-Marie Megela: And thank you, everyone, for joining us. This concludes our earnings call for the first quarter '24. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. This concludes the conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-14 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Kraft Heinz Company Fourth Results Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that todays conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Anne-Marie Megela, Head of Global Investor Relations.
Anne-Marie Megela: Thank you, and hello, everyone. This is Anne-Marie Megela, Head of Global Investor Relations at the Kraft Heinz Company and welcome to our Q&A session for our fourth quarter 2023 business update. During todays call, we may make forward-looking statements regarding our expectations for the future, including items related to our business plans and expectations, strategy, efforts and investments and related timing and expected impacts. These statements are based on how we see things today, and actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. Please see the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in todays earnings release, which accompanies this call as well as our most recent 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K filings for more information regarding these risks and uncertainties. Additionally, we may refer to non-GAAP financial measures, which excludes certain items from our financial results reported in accordance with GAAP. Please refer to todays earnings release and the non-GAAP information available on our website at ir.kraftheinzcompany.com, under News and Events, for a discussion of our non-financial measures and reconciliations to the comparable GAAP financial measures. Before we begin the Q&A session, it gives me great pleasure to hand it over to Carlos Abrams-Rivera for opening comments and to host his first earnings update as our Chief Executive Officer. Carlos, over to you.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Well, thank you, Anne-Marie, and thank you, everyone for joining us today. Before opening the call for questions, I just would like to say thank you to all my colleagues here at Kraft Heinz for delivering another solid 2023 results, and at the same time, making the strategic investment for the future. And frankly, all that while navigating some persistent industry pressures. I am very enthusiastic for our next chapter here at Kraft Heinz. And in 2024, we expect to drive top line growth, return to positive volumes, expand gross margins and operating margins and continue to reinvest in the business and an iconic brands. With that, I have Andre joining me today. Let's open the call for the Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] One moment for questions. Our first question comes from Andrew Lazar with Barclays. You may proceed.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thanks. Good morning, everybody.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Good morning.
Andre Maciel: Good morning.
Andrew Lazar: Carlos, I was hoping to start out maybe organic sales in the fourth quarter were impacted, as you talked about by trade timing and a retail inventory deload. You're suggesting that you expect the first quarter organic sales to be similar to 4Q, which implies that underlying sales maybe could be a bit worse than 4Q. I don't think you expect the retailer deload to continue. So, if I have that right, I guess, what would cause the sequential slowdown in organic sales in 1Q? And how do you see that playing out moving forward?
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Yeah. Good question, Andrew. Thank you for that. The math on Q4 to Q1 may be similar, but the factors driving it are very, very different. I think maybe, Andre, if you can give a little more color as to the effects of both the North America business versus the emerging market business and how that's shaping kind of the math behind the numbers?
Andre Maciel: Sure. Good morning, again, Andrew. So, we -- as Carlos said, we do expect similar numbers from Q4, but coming from different drivers. So, on North America, we do expect better performance because we should not repeat both the trade timing and the inventory deload. We think we're going to be at a healthy level at this point and sellout. If anything, maybe it will be in line or slightly better getting to Q1. Now when you talk about emerging markets, we do expect a shipment phasing that will affect Q1. So, we do expect, instead of growing double-digits like we have been doing consistently, emerging markets should be growing the mid single digit territory. You might remember that last year, we had a very strong performance in Latin America. Brazil grew 40% in Q1. So, we're going to lap it that, but nothing wrong with the underlying sellout trends both in North America and emerging markets.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Really helpful. And then, Carlos, it seems -- like if I have this right, most of the pressure in the GROW platform in the fourth quarter was in Easy Meals. If I had that right, can you talk a bit about what caused that, and maybe how this plays out as you move into the first quarter? Because it sounds like you do expect North America to get better.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Yeah. And frankly, Andrew, if I think about Q4 -- let me start with some of the positive, which is we also saw the return to growth of our Ore-Ida business, driving both growth and share performance as we continue to leverage kind of the new partnership we have with our Simplot and really being able to service the business to its full potential. Now on the kind of headwind side, I think we saw some challenges in our mac & cheese business. Frankly, it's a business that is driven disproportionately by our SNAP exposure. So that affected some of the business in Q4. However, as I think about going forward, there are three key things we're doing to make sure we improve the trajectory: One, we're also making -- we are investing further in our new campaign behind mac & cheese and driving new innovation behind it as well. So, you'll see from us additional areas around bringing new SKU flavors. We're bringing variety packs and we're bringing, you may have seen a new plant-based option with mac & cheese in a partnership with NotCo. We're also making sure we continue to drive even better value with mac & cheese by leveraging the fact that we have in our portfolio, partnership that we can do with brands like Oscar Mayer to offer truly a complete meal solution for consumers, plus offering multipacks around 12 packs and 4 packs in different formats to different types of consumers who are looking for value. And then finally, we're also making sure we're partnering with retails, we're actually improving the overall assortment to optimize the traffic down the aisle. So, I feel very good about the fact that the team have been able to acknowledge what happen and taking -- creating a new plan for us into '24 to improve the performance of Easy Meals.
Andrew Lazar: Thanks so much and see you all next week.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for questions. Our next question comes from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America. You may proceed.
Bryan Spillane: Hey, thanks operator. Good morning everyone. I just had a -- I have a question about Foodservice and maybe if you can just drill in a little bit. In North America, it decelerated relative to the previous quarters. And I think even in your slide, you've got underperformed relative to the industry. And so, I guess a couple of questions there. One is just is there a trade or an inventory deload happening in Foodservice. Maybe if you could talk a little bit about the respective channels within Foodservice, what got better and maybe what got worse? And then sort of your expectations, both for North America and global on Foodservice, do you expect it to be kind of in line with your algorithm for Foodservice this year or maybe even a touch better. Just want to unpack that Foodservice a little bit more, please.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Glad to. Let me start by clarifying something you said in your question. In our Foodservice business, we are growing both ahead of the industry in North America and International. So, I think that we actually feel very good about our performance on Foodservice, and we see that as we go forward into 2024. So, we see Foodservice growing up -- growing in 2024 in our long -- appropriate with our long-term guidance. So high single digits. So, we think actually it's going to be a continued driver of our performance as we go into 2024. And frankly, we see that us having even more coming as we go forward because we are not only performing well where we are, but we also are improving by getting into new higher margin channels like independent and non-commercial channels, plus driving big innovation, leveraging our technology, leveraging the iconic brands that we have. So until now, we have seen the beginning of the potential of Foodservice and that is actually driving faster growth than we have seen in the industry. And we actually believe that between the innovation that we have between us going into new channels that are higher margin and more attractive, we can actually make that even a faster growing part of our portfolio as we go forward.
Bryan Spillane: I guess if I'm looking at slide nine correctly, I think you've got the industry growing faster than your North America business in the fourth quarter. So, again, it just seems like -- I don't know if there's a disconnect between what you shipped versus what consumption was. But -- again, unless I'm looking at this slide incorrectly, it actually looks like you underperformed the industry.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Let me just say, I think you are looking at the slide incorrectly, and happy to follow up with you 
Bryan Spillane: Okay. Okay. All right. Thank you.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for questions. Our next question comes from Stephen Powers with Deutsche Bank. You may proceed.
Stephen Powers: Hey, thanks. Good morning, everybody.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Good morning.
Stephen Powers: Carlos, I guess stepping back, I'd just like a little bit more detail on your conviction surrounding improve total portfolio volume trends and presumably volume share trends and a return to growth as you progress through '24. Because on the one hand, I understand drivers that you talked about in your prepared remarks. On the other hand, we're coming off a quarter that saw you tweak organic growth expectations lower coming into the quarter and then effectively undershoot those expectations when the dust settled. So, I guess, again, what gives you the confidence that we're not only leveling off, but we're approaching a level that where we can return to growth without, I guess, incremental investment in promotions and price because it doesn't seem like that's part of the outlook.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Right. Let me just -- let me unpack that a little bit. First, as you -- as Andre mentioned earlier, there is some factors specifically affecting our Q4 performance in terms of trade as well as inventory that we're not going to repeat as we go forward. As we go into 2024, if I think about, first, the top line, we are going to continue the progression of emerging market at Foodservice. And then emerging markets already growing volume. We have seen the progress of our Foodservice business growing faster than the industry. And in North America on the top line, we actually expect to recover share as we are now making all the payoff of the innovation investments we have made, we'll start seeing that coming throughout the year. So I think that idea of us continue to invest in the right things behind our insights in North America, it's paying out with innovation. And then it also to have the right business plans with our retailers. Those factors actually are going to help us drive the top line with confidence. If I think about kind of the -- specifically, you talked about volume. One of the things that we are looking at is we are anticipating a return to the historical activity levels. And in fact, we are seeing that already. So, we are expecting volumes to turn positive in the second half in the year because as I mentioned, the idea of us continue to invest in innovation that actually will give us the right tailwinds as we go into the year, plus we no longer will have some headwinds associated with both pricing that we took in Q1 of last year as well as the SNAP benefits cycling that as we go into the second half of the year. So that also -- that all together gives me the confidence that we can see that us coming together with a better performance we're going to '24 in a way that actually allows us to exit the year in an algo for us as a company.
Stephen Powers: Okay. Okay. Very good. Very good. Thank you. And then Andre, if I could, there was -- the free cash flow conversion this year improved as it was expected to. So that's a positive. I guess, just as we look into '24, how are you thinking about free cash flow conversion in the New Year. Can we expect further improvements? And if not, either way, I guess, what are the drivers of free cash flow progress as we go forward? Thank you.
Andre Maciel: Sure. And good morning. So yeah, as you pointed out, we were able to deliver a very solid cash flow conversion in 2023, above 80%. And we do expect a small progression also as we head into 2024. We still going to be in the 80s territory because we do expect another year of solid CapEx investment like we have been doing in the last two years. There's a lot of good investment opportunities for us in the organic business. Yeah, and we have some taxes step-up that we also mentioned it's affecting earnings as well. So those two factors go against that. But on the other hand, the working capital should expect to continue to improve as a consequence of the investments we have been making.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: The one thing I would add too is as we go into -- those of you joining us in CAGNY, we'll be able to unpack to a little more of our investments we're making. I mentioned quite a bit about innovation, about how we are going to continue to invest in our brands, making sure they are superior to our competition. So I think you'll see a little more details that from myself and the team when we're together in Florida.
Stephen Powers: Okay. Very good. We will see you there. Thank you.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for questions. Our next question comes from Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. You may proceed.
Ken Goldman: Hi. Good morning. Just curious, there's some early indications that maybe as an industry, quick service restaurants, seeing some fraying at the edges in terms of consumer demand, mainly under the weight of higher prices. I'm just curious if this is something you're seeing as well. And to what extent, if at all, does your outlook maybe potentially factor some kind of slowdown there.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Yeah. In our business, frankly, a lot of our business can is, is really focused on front of the house. And we're actually seeing solid performance for our away-from-home business, both in the U.S. and as well as outside the U.S. And if you think about the fact that outside the U.S., we use that channel very much as a way for us to drive awareness and build their brands. That continues to drive positive growth for us. In the U.S. as well, we see that even within the context of QSR, we continue to see progress and improvement. But at the same time, we're also expanding into new channels that allows us to continue to drive the growth, whether that is from our vending opportunities into new hospitality areas. So, we also are having a little bit of a broader view of how we define our away-from-home business to go into new spaces that we know are margin accretive and not be dependent on just one channel in order for us to drive the growth.
Ken Goldman: Understood. Thank you for that. And then the gross margin increase you're expecting this year despite a little bit of lingering inflation. Can you just remind us what some of the key drivers will be of that? Is it simply a continuation of would help 2023 in terms of COGS efficiencies and some revenue growth management assistance?
Andre Maciel: Sure. So, we expect gross margin to expand again and is part of our long-term algorithm, we feel proud of what we have done so far. Remind that we always have been pricing to offset inflation in dollar for dollar, and that's what we have done in the last two years. However, in 2024, we are expecting to price approximately at 1% level, which is below the inflation that we're expected at 3%. But -- so the main driver is really coming from the gross efficiencies. We have been delivering ahead of what we outlined to you a couple of years back. So 2023 are very solid year, almost 4% of gross efficiency as a percentage of COGS. And in 2024, we expect another solid year. So, this gross efficiency is helping us, not only to offset a component of the inflation, but also is helping us to expanding gross margins and investing a little more in the business on the SG&A side. And that's something that you should expect to see from us.
Ken Goldman: Great. Thank you.
Andre Maciel: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for questions. Our next question comes from Pamela Kaufman with Morgan Stanley. You may proceed.
Pamela Kaufman: Good morning.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Good morning, Pamela.
Andre Maciel: Good morning.
Pamela Kaufman: I was hoping that you could double click a bit into the drivers behind your Q4 results in North America and how you're thinking about those factors going forward? You pointed to weaker consumer demand, but also discrete headwinds like the inventory deload and lapping the trade accrual. So, how are you thinking about North America consumer demand in '24? And can you explain what drove the one-time dynamics? Was it a specific retailer or specific categories where you saw a deload? And maybe you can explain the effect of the trade accrual. Thank you.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Let me start and give you a sense for how we see the consumer today. And then maybe, Andre, you can go deeper into the specifics about the Q4 and how we are -- how we see that playing as we go forward. But I guess the place that will start would be that what we're seeing in the data is regardless of the income levels that consumer is looking for value and they continue to be under pressure. And what we see is low income consumers are actually shopping more at places like Dollar Stores, higher income consumers, more club stores. But mostly, we are seeing them looking for overall, smaller trips to stretch their dollar further. So for us, it continues to be about how do we continue to deliver value in different ways to that consumer who are very much focused on value through intentionally investing in our brands making sure we have a longer value offerings and increasing the distribution in different channels to be what we have done in the past. And let me just be specific before Andre give you the details on the Q4. And if I think about club channels, we have introduced a number of brands into club from Capri Sun to Lunchables Classical Pasta Sauce. In fact, we also tested new innovation in our club channels. And in 2024, we'll have 20% higher number of offerings into club that we did in 2023. Now if I think about the enterprise points in the category and the SKU that we can have in kind of areas around Dollar Stores, we're actually making sure that we're driving things like improving on assortment of barbecue and mustard or crab of mayo and salad dressing as well as new items around Taco Bell and our partnership that we have in order for us to drive expanded use of our Mexican initiatives. So if I think about Dollar Store, we actually have today over 300 SKUs. And year-over-year, we're going to be increasing about another 10% versus what we had in the past. So, we are making sure that we are in the right channels with the right assortment and continue to invest in our innovation in order to make sure that we could absolute consumers looking for value independent of where they're looking for different occasions, different formats, different shopping behaviors. And now, Andre, if you want to give a little more context on the Q4.
Andre Maciel: Sure. So North America net sales declined 3%, and approximately 140 bps is linked to the trade accrual release from last year into -- probably 2022 and from inventory deload year-over-year. But in fact, it's not that we saw a deload happening in 2023, that in Q4 2022, as we started to recover, services start to ship ahead of consumption. So we are lapping that effect. So there's nothing really on that regard affecting 2023, it's just a lapping effect. Now the sellout was negative, and it was softer than what we anticipated. We underestimated the impact of SNAP in Q4. It turned out to be more than 150 basis points stronger than we thought. If you remember, there was a concentration of emergency allotments at the end of 2022. So, on a year-over-year basis, there is benefits declined close to 40%, which is substantial. And that's what affected a lot of sellout. We should continue to see some of that in Q1. So, on a year-over-year basis, Q1 '24 will still be about 20% less SNAP than last year. So, we're still going to suffer a portion of this effect. But on the other hand, our market share has improved in Q4 as we anticipated, which is a very good sign. We are living -- exiting the year with the best share performance of 2023. So that give us a lot of good momentum heading into this year. Hope that helps.
Pamela Kaufman: Yes. Thanks. Just a quick clarification. So, are you saying that SNAP was a greater headwind in the fourth quarter than the prior two quarters? And why do you think that is?
Andre Maciel: Yes, Absolutely. Yeah. Because there is a concentration of emergency allotments considered in Q4 of -- in '22. So, there is SNAP a benefit in Q4 '22 were actually higher than Q2 and Q3 2022.
Pamela Kaufman: Okay. Thank you.
Andre Maciel: And this itself is not a surprise. I mean, we just underestimated the elasticity of that.
Pamela Kaufman: Understood. I'll pass it on. Thank you.
Andre Maciel: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for questions. Our next question comes from Robert Moskow with TD Cowen. You may proceed.
Robert Moskow: Hi. Thanks. A couple of questions. Those of us analyzing your commodity exposure see a lot of deflation running through on the ingredient side, maybe even the packaging side. And your guidance is for inflation to be positive. Can you walk through some of the components that we can't see, maybe it's conversion costs or things like that, that make this a -- continue to be an inflationary year? And then my second question was, you have a $25 million write-down for, I think, systems related to your modernization efforts. Can you go into a little more detail as to what caused that write-down? Thanks.
Andre Maciel: Sure. Good morning, Robert. Good to hear from you. So on the inflation side, as we said in prepared remarks, we do expect inflation again into 2024, low single digits on the 3% territory. Even though ingredients as a whole, we see quite a few commodities that are deflationary. We still have the impact of maybe tomatoes and sugar affecting us negatively. So, there is a little net increase in terms of commodity inflation. And then -- but the biggest bulk of the inflation is really coming from labor. We continue to see a relevant higher than pre-pandemic level on wage increase as well as transportation making 2023, the transportation costs were quite low, and we are seeing some signs of rebound on the transportation cost side. So, this is where inflation is mostly coming from. On the second part of the question about the $25 million. So not 100% of that is the system write-off, even though it's the majority of it. And this has to do with us deciding not to maintain investment in a certain technology that we think will not be relevant for the future. So, we decided to stop that investment and redirected issue, something that we think will be more relevant towards future agenda [ph]. As you know, technology is front and center of our strategy. And we have continued to make decisions to make sure that we can turn it into a competitive advantage to us. So -- and if this might require us to make decisions in between a quarter that we do not initially anticipated because we saw that that's the right thing for the business for the long-term. We're not going to hesitate to do that.
Robert Moskow: Okay. Thank you, Andre.
Andre Maciel: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you.
Anne-Marie Megela: Operator, we have time for one more question.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question comes from John Baumgartner with Mizuho Securities. You may proceed.
John Baumgartner: Good morning. Thanks for the question.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Good morning.
John Baumgartner: First off -- good morning. Wondering if you could provide an update on the outlook for efficiencies. Just given the over delivery in 2023, what's included in the guide for 2024. And as you think out to this next round of improvements, specifically the new overhead savings from automation, fixed assets. How are you thinking about the timing for when those benefits begin to accrue?
Andre Maciel: Great. So thanks for the question. As we said, 2023 are very solid year. We delivered close to 4% of efficiencies as a percentage of COGS. And we do expect 2024 to be another year where we will be delivering ahead of the 3% COGS that we have outlined. I want to make sure that you understand that not only this is a consequence of the complete ways of working changes that we have done in supply chain, more focused on variable costs and continuous improvements. But also we are -- we still have some efficiency opportunities that are coming through as a consequence of the pandemic and all the inefficiency generated by that. That helped in 2023, and that is still going to help a little bit in 2024. But beyond that, there are a lot of things happening on the supply chain space, difficult to name only one because given the share size of our COGS, but we do have initiatives coming from network optimization in the U.S. We have a very complex distribution center network, more than 80 distribution centers overall. We do have initiatives in automation. In fact, we have a very strong partnership with Microsoft trying to do -- using technology to allow us to make faster decisions. And if that improves labor usage and reduce yield losses. We have a lot of opportunities on value engineering to continue to make sure to offer the right type of attributes to consumers. So, there is a lot of different levers. We're going to touch on a few of them next week in CAGNY, but I think we are very pleased with the quality of the pipeline we have in supply chain now.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: And I think you will see is that how the investments we have been making in technology, the partnership we have been making in digital are basically fueling a lot of that efficiency in a way that actually creates some benefit for us for now and to the future as well. And again, will impact that even further when we are together in Florida.
John Baumgartner: Okay. Thanks for that. And then just quickly on international. The emerging markets vol mix was pretty solid in Q4. But I'm wondering if you can speak to the vol mix in the developed markets, what you're seeing in Europe from category performance, private label competition and the consumer dynamics there sort of giving you confidence in the international guide for 2024. Thank you.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Happy to. I think if we think about what we have mentioned in terms of value and how consumers are looking for value in the U.S. is similar as well, too, in terms of consumers in Europe. I mean, they are looking for that value as well. And we are continuing to make sure that we're bringing that value through the critical brands that we have, like our Heinz business in the U.K., for example, and how we continue to bring the products to the market that bring a number of improvements on our quality of our products as well as focusing on the benefit that we bring.  So, for example, a product like HEINZ Beanz and the fact that brings kind of such a benefit around protein, that's something that is kind of now shifting in terms of how we think about that product. The fact that we're also bringing within certain part of our categories, new entries by leverage to our brands. So, in baked beans we will have not only the HEINZ Beanz, but we also have HP baked beans. And that allows us to actually play in a couple of different areas with consumers, both at a more mainstream as well as to more value. And then in places like Germany, we're also introducing new benefits to consumers as they are looking also again for value, whether that is Heinz Mayonnaise in new channels in the discount spaces, but also making sure that we continue to bring the innovation consumers are looking for from us. Like our Heinz Tomato Ketchup with zero sugar. So, we are approaching it with the same sense as we do in the U.S., which is let's make sure we're in the right channel with the right assortment. And at the same time, let's focus on bringing -- and focusing on the benefits that we bring with our products.
John Baumgartner: Thanks Carlos. Thanks Andre.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you.
Anne-Marie Megela: Thank you very much.
Operator: I would now like to turn the call back over to Anne-Marie Megela for any closing remarks.
End of Q&A:
Anne-Marie Megela: Thank you, and thank you, everyone for your interest. We look forward to seeing you next week.
Operator: Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-11-04 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Kraft Heinz Company Third Quarter Results Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that todays conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Anne-Marie Megela, Global Investor Relations.
Anne-Marie Megela: Thank you, and hello, everyone. Welcome to our Q&A session for our third quarter 2023 business update. During todays call, we may have forward-looking statements regarding our expectations for the future, including items related to our business plans and expectations, strategy, efforts and investments and related timing and expected impacts. These statements are based on how we see things today, and actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. Please see the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in todays earnings release, which accompanies this call as well as our most recent 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K filings for more information regarding these risks and uncertainties. Additionally, we may refer to non-GAAP financial measures, which excludes certain items from our financial results reported in accordance with GAAP. Please refer to todays earnings release and the non-GAAP information available on our website at ir.kraftheinzcompany.com, under News and Events, for a discussion of our non-financial measures and reconciliations to the comparable GAAP financial measures. Before we begin, Im going to hand it over to our CEO, Miguel Patricio, for some brief opening remarks.
Miguel Patricio: Well thank you, Anne-Marie, and thank you all for being with us today. And before opening the call for questions, I just would like to thank Kraft Heinz, my entire team for another great quarter. And again, I would like just to highlight some positive aspects about this quarter. We are generating accelerated profitable growth fueled by our three pillars. Our share and volume trends are improving as a result of the action plans that we are implementing. And we continue to strengthen our balance sheet, hitting our target net leverage of approximately 3x. And then we continue to invest in the future with another quarter of significant investments in marketing, technology and R&D. Well, with that, I have here with me today, Andre and Carlos. And so, lets open the call for the Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Andrew Lazar with Barclays. You may proceed.
Andrew Lazar: Great, thanks. Good morning, everybody. In Slide 33 of the slide deck this morning, you call out branded promotional activity is still below 19 levels, and Kraft activity is below branded. So one clarification, Is the branded figure you highlight all food categories, or just the branded players within Kraft Heinzs categories? And then I guess based on your plans for the remainder of the year and looking into 24, I guess how would you anticipate these metrics shifting? Do you expect branded promo levels to return to historical levels? And would you expect Kraft Heinz to narrow the gap versus branded? Or how do you see those metrics moving from here? Thanks so much.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Thanks, Andrew. Its Carlos. Let me first address your point about clarification. What you see in the page, it is about those branded players that do compete with Kraft Heinz. The second part in terms of how do we think about our promotions as we go forward. First, I will tell you that Im not going to comment on what other companies may or may not do. But I will tell you is that, one, were not going back to 2019 levels. We are going to  at the same time, as we go forward into Q4, we know there is a seasonality to our business. And as we have said earlier, were going to make sure now as we go into the holiday season, that we make the right investments to support our business. Now Ill say that at the same time, were going to continue with the same level of discipline that we have shown until now to make sure that our investment with the right level of ROI as we go forward. Thanks for the question Andrew.
Andrew Lazar: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Peter Galbo with Bank of America. You may proceed.
Peter Galbo: Hey, guys. Good morning. Thank you for taking the question. I guess just in North America, on the volume piece, there is a fair amount of discussion both in the prepared remarks around kind of meats being a drag this quarter. And you discussed a bit about how youre giving up maybe some volume to maximize profitability and gross margins. But then you also kind of discussed how service levels arent where you want them to be, particularly in sliced meats, and youre expecting improvement on that going forward. So I guess the question is just what should we be taking away from those comments? Are you kind of continuing to scale back on volume and focus on the profitability there? Or should we think about a volume share recovery and maybe some headwinds to the margin mix that come with that, particularly as we think about North America volume? Thanks.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: First of all, I think that  let me just put into context kind of the volume question that you see in North America. First, I would say is that what you see for us as a company, we continue to improve sequentially from what you saw in Q3  Im sorry, Q2 to now in Q2  in Q3. And then, if I look holistically at the company first, youll see that we continue to drive the things that are working for us. We are continuing to grow in Emerging Markets where were growing volume mix year-over-year now in Q3, that we continue to expand in our Foodservice and that we believe that it continues to drive opportunity as we go forward. And then specifically in the U.S. business, you see how the investment we have made in terms of improving our share of shelf, our investments in marketing, our investing in innovation and our improvement in CFR have continued to improve overall actions. Now as we think about the total portfolio, there are some places in which were going to remain focused and disciplined on how we invest back into the business. I think you referred to in our meat business, where we want to make sure that we are not going to be just following unprofitable growth, but that were going to be rational and disciplined on how we invest in those businesses in order for us to drive the right consumer pull, but at the same time, not sacrificing the overall profitability of the business that we need to maintain.
Andre Maciel: I will just add that in our long-term algorithm, volume is important to us. So in our 2%, 3% growth, it comes from a balanced contribution between price and volumes or volumes there, but as Carlos said, we are seeking profitable volume growth. We are not trying to maximize gross percentage margin, we are trying to deliver profitable, sustainable growth, ultimately translating to sustainable EPS growth. Thanks for your question. 
Peter Galbo: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from John Baumgartner with Mizuho Securities. You may proceed.
John Baumgartner: Good morning. Thanks for the questions. Carlos, I just wanted to touch on the meats business again, coming back to Peters question. You point out its an energized business, but the category is seeing price competition, private label is gaining share, that was not happening at the outset during COVID, during work from home. It just seems as though the ambition to rebuild or maintain profit, its hard to square that with what looks like a need to reinvest more given the declines. So how do you think about resource allocation, your willingness to continue reinvesting in that business relative to the point where you just say, hey, these assets may be better suited to another owner like what happened with the nuts business. Just curious about your willingness to stick with it given a very tough backdrop in the category. Thank you.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Andre, why dont you start here, and I can build.
Andre Maciel: Sure. So as we have said before, different parts of our portfolio, they have different roles, and these roles might change over time. The role for me right now is to rebuild the profitability which has enrolled at 50% in the last 5 years while continuing to invest in the brands to improve, innovate, so then at some point, this brand can be in a position to grow in a profitable way again. And thats what were doing. In Q3, for the second quarter in a row, this part of the portfolio, declined mid to high single digits on the top line but grew mid to high single digits on the bottom line, not by milking the brand, but by making the type of  the right type of investment and the right type of actions that are appropriate for this portfolio right now. For us to be chasing volume with this in an unsustainable way, only through promotion, thats not the game that this  that we want this brand to play.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: The only thing I would add is that even in  if you think about our cold cut business within our meat business, we have continued to improve our CFR, but that is the one area where were still not at the right level of service that we want for the year. Youll see that progression. At the same time, as we have improved our service, we have also began to see improvement in our share, too. So if you look at month to date as well through October, we are seeing that, in fact, our cold cuts business are beginning to gain share. So we are just going to be looking at the category in a very disciplined way to make sure were doing the right things, as Andre said.
John Baumgartner: Okay, thank you.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Fair questions, John.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Stephen Powers with Deutsche Bank. You may proceed.
Stephen Powers: Great. Thank you. Good morning. I wanted to shift gears, if I could, and talk about the momentum you have in both Foodservice and Emerging Markets and just get your perspective on your confidence that momentum can continue and perhaps how the organizational changes that you announced today internationally might contribute to that momentum as we go forward. And also Andre, if you could, if I could tack on a second question, just now that leverage has dipped below that target level of 3x, just wondering how youre starting to think about prioritization of cash going forward. Because the cash generation has been good, I presume cash will build and just think about how youre thinking about allocating that cash going forward. Thank you.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Thank you for the question, Stephen. Andre, why dont you comment on the capital allocation, then Ill talk about Foodservice and Emerging Markets.
Andre Maciel: Sure. So on capital allocation, our priorities remain unchanged. That means continue to fund our very competitive dividend, maintain investment grade and prioritizing organic growth like we have been consistently doing during the past 3, 4 years. We are very proud that we were able to get to this level of leverage 1-year ahead of our initial expectation, and thats very important. That shows that the business is strong and the organization is focused on delivering sustainable performance not only on the EBITDA side, but also in cash conversion, which is a remarkable improvement of this organization. And now I think that puts us in a very good situation to assess options to deploy this cash, and we are looking at those.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Thanks, Andre. Let me comment first on Foodservice. I feel very optimistic about our plans in Foodservice. And we have really been working on building a foundation for the future. And if you think about the way we are thinking about building our business in basically three areas, we continue to make the investments in our chef-led models and thats driving positive performance for us. We also are making sure we are competing in more attractive and better margin channels, things like our independent and non-commercial channels versus traditional where we have been limited to. And then lastly, we are seeing much more powerful innovation that allows us to lever the technology investments we have made and bring those into the product forefront, whether that is in things like our Heinz Remix machines and how that actually creates an opportunity for us to separate ourselves for the future. Now if you look at the full year for Foodservice, our expectation is probably to grow somewhere in the low to mid double digits versus last year. And we are  I will point out that were gaining share too, in both North America and the international zone. And then let me just make sure also that its clear that if we think about our long-term algorithm, Foodservice is expected to grow about 5%, and were going to be well above that level in 2023. Now if I switch over to our Emerging Markets, the one great thing that we also have been investing behind in Emerging Markets is kind of the discipline of our go-to-market model. And for us, the reason we feel so confident is because there is a data-driven go-to-market model that allows us to drive distribution, that then  we can then build and press in existing markets and enter new ones. And we have done that several locations. In fact, we are on track to implement our model in 90% of Emerging Markets by the end of this year. And just to remind you, in things like  in the first phase of building distribution, we would build the infrastructure, and then we go into the full structure in order to truly take advantage of our emerging business. I think in Emerging Markets, I would just add the comment that in Q3, we saw a temporary headwind as we think about particularly in Asia, where we have a business in Indonesia that is most surrounding around Ramadan season and where we saw some travel shifting  spending shifting from travel, away from gifting, and we have a gifting business in Indonesia. So that was that was a temporary thing. But as we think about the year ahead, we believe that we will get back to the right levels of performance also in our Indonesia business. Thanks for the question.
Stephen Powers: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. You may proceed.
Ken Goldman: Hi, thank you. Just a quick one. In your slide presentation, from the prior quarter 2Q, you mentioned that you were expecting positive volume growth in 2024. I may have missed it, but did you reiterate that today in either of the slides or any of your commentary?
Andre Maciel: Yes, we did. And thats the case. Nothing changes. So nothing changed in terms of volume expectations as Carlos said. So we said, and it happened that volume would improve in Q3 sequentially to Q2, and it did. It improved in Q4 versus Q3. And at some point in 2024, the volumes will turn positive.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: In fact, I think everything that were seeing right now in the market, in our actions are working. And it just gives us more confidence as we think about our 2024 plans.
Ken Goldman: Sorry, can I just quickly clarify that? I think people interpreted the commentary about positive volume about  as net throughout 2024, it will be positive. But I think the comment that was just made was at some point in 2024, it will turn positive. I guess Im curious, do you expect at the end of the year, your total 2024 volume to be positive? I just wanted to get a sense that people arent overmodeling the year.
Andre Maciel: I am not going to give guidance for 2024 right now. What I just said is what we have been saying all along.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Michael Lavery with Piper Sandler. You may proceed.
Michael Lavery: Thank you. Good morning. I know we have covered maybe a little bit just on the volume and how to think about its role in the portfolio side, but I want to just come back to one specific piece. You have talked about your approach and being disciplined and rational. But in your prepared remarks too, you also specifically said that in cold cuts, you are investing to hit the right price points. Can you just maybe unpack that a little bit and reconcile how those two go together and what exactly you mean by those investments on the price side?
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Yes. Good question. Happy to clarify, Michael. What I would say is that we need to make sure that we are responding to the moments in which consumers are going to be looking for the right solutions for whether its at the holiday seasons or all the points throughout the year. And as we go into Q4, for example, we will make sure that we are making the right investments. However, we will be doing that with the right level of discipline to make sure we drive the right returns on that investment. So, the idea is that we have simply  like we stated earlier, we are not going to just be chasing volume, we are going to be looking for what is the way for us to drive profitable volume in a way that combines our ability to continue to build our businesses through the right investments in marketing and using the full array of revenue management tools in order for us to be able to drive the right efficiency and effectiveness of our investments.
Michael Lavery: And so some of what you are saying would be the depth of the promotion is part of how you want to make the investments on price points, but the discipline is the depth of that and not to push it too hard, would that be a right interpretation?
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: I think that would be one of the things that you could say. But I think on top of that, if you think about the full array of our revenue management tools, pricing, price architecture, other tools at our disposal that allows us to actually think about what is the right investments in order for us to maintain the level of  improving level of profitability that we have seen deteriorate over the last few years.
Michael Lavery: Okay. Thanks so much.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Jason English with Goldman Sachs. You may proceed.
Jason English: Okay. Good morning folks. Thanks. So, I guess congrats are in order. Congrats, Miguel, for a good run and the improvements you have driven while at the helm of the company and congrats, Carlos, in the upcoming promotion and responsibility. So, on that topic, I guess the starting-off question is, what do you expect to do different? Should we be bracing and expecting any strategic shifts, or given that you have been an architect of many of the plans that have been in place, is this going to be sort of business as usual?
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: First of all, Jason, thank you for the kind words, and I am certainly very much humble and excited about the opportunity ahead for me and for the company. What I would say is that, as you pointed out, I have been sitting next to Miguel for the last almost 4 years now. And I think a number of things that we have done as a company, we certainly have done together. And strategically, I think that I am certainly committed to the three growth pillars that we have for going forward that is  and think about also how do we continue to drive our expansion in emerging markets, how do we continue to see foodservice as a great growth for us and then the growth platforms within our U.S. business. At the same time, you also probably read some of the changes we are making in our structure in order to actually help us accelerate some of those things that we have done. For me, one of the critical aspects of this time when I have been transitioning as  and coming to the new role in January, has been listening to the organization and making sure we have the clarity of our strategy. And our structure is going to follow that clarity. So, some of the things you will see in terms of us being able to have a bit of breaking down the international zone which has worked in the past well for us, but now as we go into a new way of us growing, allows us to be a little more focused on those emerging markets in which we are going to make some additional investments. That, I think is part of us thinking differently about how we bring that structure and so that strategy to life in our structure. So, thats I think some of the things that you are going to see, is what are the places that  with the lens of the jobs to be done for the strategy of the company, that we can maybe arrange certain things where we can truly leverage the scale of the company, the scale that we have been investing behind our technology and our marketing capabilities and to deploy them against the three pillars strategically that I am very much aligned with.
Jason English: And should we expect inorganic solutions to come into the fold a little bit more so now that your balance sheet is in a better situation?
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: As Andre said earlier, we continue to look at opportunities, but I would say thats something that is part of our ongoing thoughts about how do we continue to see the active view of our portfolio. But there is nothing today that I would say that we will be announcing. Andre, anything else you would add?
Andre Maciel: No, I think thats consistent with what we have said before. I think our priority is organic business and M&A. If it happens, it has to help us accelerate our organic strategy, essentially be fully consistent, like we have done less for acquisitions or sales elevation and pre-opting in emerging markets and to be accretive to our top line, bolt-on on top of acquisitions. Thats what we are focusing on.
Jason English: Understood. Thank you very much.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Thank you, Jason.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Matt Smith with Stifel. You may proceed.
Matt Smith: Hi. Good morning. I wanted to ask a question. Your productivity savings have been very strong this year, and you already increased your target for the year. Those have in part been used to have a stepped-up level of investment behind marketing, R&D and innovation. But as we look forward, can you sustain this level of incremental savings into 2024, or should we expect a return to the target of $500 million? And after this year has stepped up investment, do you believe you are exiting with the appropriate level of investment across the business, or do you plan to continue to invest in an elevated rate as we look forward?
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Maybe, Andre, if you could speak to our efficiency plans?
Andre Maciel: Sure. So look, at this point, we are still committed to deliver the 3% of COGS of $500 million on a go-forward basis. But as we have said before, our benchmark is really on the 4% level, which we are achieving this year. And you should keep in mind that this year as well, we had a lot of, lets call, gettables from inefficiency that was generated from the pandemic, thats also helping. But we feel good about how our supply chain organization today is operating at completely superior level with very stable service levels and being a lot more forward thinking, which gives us confidence in delivering that 3% that we have talked before. From an investment standpoint, I think this also has been a great year because we have been able to deliver very solid bottom line growth while really resetting the investment level from the company for the future, which means that I think a lot of the reset has happened. There are still places that we want to invest more. But I think we took advantage of this year to really reset the level of investments to a very good level.
Matt Smith: Thank you, Carlos and thank you, Andre.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]
Anne-Marie Megela: Operator, this will be the last question.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question comes from Robert Moskow with TD Cowen. You may proceed. Robert Moskow, your line is now open.
Robert Moskow: Hi. Can you hear me now?
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Yes.
Robert Moskow: Sorry about that. So, this is kind of a what-if question, and maybe you might not want to ask  answer what-if questions. But we are all watching top line growth kind of decelerate in the U.S., and the U.S. retail is such an important part of your mix. So, I guess my question is, if we are in a scenario where we are kind of in a 0% to 1% kind of sales growth environment next year, just for your categories, what would your philosophy be on an EBITDA basis? Like would you still drive to drop savings to the bottom line to hit the mid-single digit EBITDA, or would a slower top-line environment necessitate a slower EBITDA growth kind of target?
Andre Maciel: Okay. Good morning, Rob, and good to hear back from you. Look, we believe that for us to grow top line in a profitable sustainable way is critical. So, if in an event where industry is zero, I think that doesnt change the game that we are trying to play. Because I dont know if you are implying that we will start to go aggressive on promotions to try to get volume through market share in a productive and sustainable way. If thats what you are asking behind your question, thats not the game we are going to play. So, I will just say that our strategy continues to be the same, its working. And I think we feel thats heading in the right direction. We dont want to make a change in direction because of temporary situations in the industry.
Robert Moskow: Okay. Thank you.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Thanks Robert.
Operator: Thank you. I would now like to turn the call back over to Carlos Abrams-Rivera for any closing remarks.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Thank you. So, before we leave here, I just wanted to acknowledge and take a moment to thank Miguel for all the support and trust that he has shown to me personally and for everything he has done for a company as he has built this tremendous and strong foundation. I can tell you that today, Kraft Heinz is a much stronger company because in 2019, Miguel Patricio put this company on his back and carried it forward. And I am forever grateful for being part of his team as we all work together to transform Kraft Heinz. And as I take over as the next CEO of Kraft Heinz, I am proud of where we have been as a company and even more thrilled about where we are going. And thank you all for joining us today.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes todays conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-08-02 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Kraft Heinz Company Second Quarter Results. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions].  Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Anne-Marie Megela, Head of Global Investor Relations. 
Anne-Marie Megela : Thank you and hello everyone! Welcome to our Q&A Session for our second quarter 2023 business update. During today's call we may make forward-looking statements regarding our expectations for the future, including items related to our business, plans and expectations, strategy, efforts and investments, and related timing and expected impacts. These statements are based on how we see things today and actual results may differ materially due to risk and uncertainties.  Please see the cautionary statement and risk factors contained in todays earnings release, which accompanies this call, as well as our most recent 10-K, 10-Q, and 8-K filings for more information regarding these risks and uncertainties.  Additionally, we may refer to non-GAAP financial measures, which exclude certain items from our financial results reported in accordance with GAAP. Please refer to todays earnings release and the non-GAAP information available on our website at ir.kraftheinzcompany.com, under News & Events, for a discussion of our non-GAAP financial measures and reconciliations to the comparable GAAP financial measures. Before we begin, Im going to hand it over to our CEO, Miguel Patricio for some brief opening comments. 
Miguel Patricio : Well thank you Anne-Marie and thank you everyone. Thanks for joining us today.  Before opening the call for questions, I would like to thank the entire Kraft Heinz team. We have proven again that our strategy works, generating top-line growth fueled by the three pillars, while reinvesting margin gains into the business. But while we did lose share in the quarter, as price gaps have stayed wider for longer than we would have liked, we are managing the business for the long term and still generated mid-single-digit top-line growth within the range of what we expected.  As you may remember on the last earnings call, we introduced four action plans to drive share. We have seen those plans take hold, and they have led to improving results each month within the quarter, building momentum into the second half of the year.  The continued execution of these action plans and the lapping of last year's pricing are expected to drive improving volume trends in the second half of 2023 and into 2024. Our results give me continued confidence in our strategy and in our business, and I'm pleased to reiterate our full year guidance.  With that, I have Andre and Carlos joining me. Rafael [ph] is on a well-deserved vacation with his family, so let's open the call for Q&A. 
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Andrew Lazar with Barclays. You may proceed. 
Andrew Lazar : Great. Thanks so much. Good morning, everybody. 
Andre Maciel: Good morning. 
Miguel Patricio: Good morning, Andrew. 
Andrew Lazar : I was hoping to dig into the promotional environment a little bit and some of the comments from your prepared remarks about branded competitors promoting at a higher level than Kraft Heinz.  In your view, are branded competitors either over promoting or promoting in what you see as sort of in a irrational way, or is it more that KHC has not been able to ramp up its own merchandising activity yet to the extent needed, given some of those supply constraints and leading over the pricing actions? I guess in other words, would you still expect the industry promotional levels to settle in below 19 levels or is there some concern building internally that competitive behavior could return to previous levels or beyond, and that pricing could actually go negative at some point? Im just trying to put some context around all of this. Thanks so much. 
Miguel Patricio: Good morning, Andrew. Thanks for the question. I will ask Carlos to answer, since I believe it's related to the U.S. retail. 
Carlos Abrams-Rivera : Good morning, Andrew. You know the way that kind of I look at it is that if you look at the industry as a whole, today's promotional levels are as you said, still below 2019. What we are seeing is that our branded competitors are actually closer to those levels, and what we are working on is how do we continue to make sure that we act with a thought of protecting our margins and building the virtuous cycle as we continue to improve on our marketing, continue to improve our services, our innovation, and importantly that we stay focused on driving the revenue management needed in order for us to be rational in terms of the effectiveness of our promotions. So if you look at our promotions this year, we actually have been very effective and efficient. We actually are generating attractive ROIs in investments. I think the numbers right now are up 50 points versus 2019, and that's true because the focus that we have on those agile AI Driven Revenue Management Tools, that we are applying to making sure that every promotion does have that kind of true ROI return.  Now, on top of that, we're also making sure that we are working to maximize the opportunity on those promotions, so the quality of our merchandising, especially when you look at displays continue to improve, and in fact our share of displays continue to see increasingly improvements over the first quarter.  So I think all together what I would say is, our focus continues to be very much leveraging our revenue management tool, continue to focus and drive in the investments in terms of marketing innovation, which you will know will make sure that improve our view as we go into the second half of the year and on to 2024. 
Andrew Lazar : Great. I'll pass it on. Thank you. 
Miguel Patricio: Thank you, Andrew. 
Operator: Thank you. One moment for questions. Our next question comes from Ken Goldman with J.P. Morgan. You may proceed. 
Ken Goldman : Hi, thanks. You mentioned that the second half's organic sales growth rate will be more in line with the long-term algo, not to put too fine a point on it, just so we can model more accurately. I was just curious, does this mean you expect it to be within that 2% to 3% range, that's your long-term algo or just getting somewhat closer to it? 
Miguel Patricio: Thank you, Ken. Andre please? 
Andre Maciel: Hi Ken. Good morning. As we have said in previous remarks, we expect to gradually go towards the long-term model. It might happen that we're going to reach there between Q3 and Q4, but you should expect like revenue to be gravitating towards that, yes. 
Ken Goldman : Okay, I'll follow-up on that. And then I wanted to ask a follow-up about capital allocation priorities. Paying down debt is I think number three on that list, ahead of portfolio management. You highlighted that leverage is I guess more or less at your target. Does debt pay down thus move down a notch in importance, and I guess what I'm getting at is, is there a scenario in which you might, maybe start to buy back some stock again?
Andre Maciel: Yes. Yes, we are not changing our capital allocation policy now. So as we said, our priority has been to fund the business organically and I think we have been doing that very consistently.  We  for us to maintain the dividends that we have, which provided a very attractive yield is critical and I think we feel good about our rating now, the level of the grade we had in the past 16 months.  M&A, as we said before continues to be something that we actively look at. Wed like to  as we said in the remarks, we mentioned that multiple times, so we have been very disciplined in how we're doing that. But there is no change at this point. I mean we're always taking into consideration market dynamics and our capital structure, but we don't have anything new to say at this point. 
Ken Goldman : Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. One moment for questions. Our next question comes from John Baumgartner with Mizuho. You may proceed. 
John Baumgartner: Good morning. Thanks for the question. I wanted to stick with North America and the comments on promotions, but more so on delivery. Is there  Carlos, you highlighted the ROIs you're seeing and you touched on the quality promos a bit, but to dig inside a bit more deeply versus history, how are you seeing the lift sort of changing from quality promo programs, the feature, the display relative to the pre-inflation era?  Are you seeing a greater role for price reductions going forward? Does quality programs still have the same degree of lift in terms of the influence of those drivers? Just trying to get a sense for, as you lean into promo more in the back half and programming, does pricing need to be a larger driver at the margin than you would have thought relative to feature and display a couple of quarters ago? 
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: John, thanks for the question. I'll say, I think some of the parts were a little hard to understand, but I think I got the gist of your question. Related to the second half that we think about promotional level, and we have said this in final calls and within our guidance, there is a step up that we'll do in promotional levels as we go into the second half of the year in selected categories, but always with a disciplined approach of positive returns.  What I would add to is that, one of the things that we are able to do with our promotional investment to improve the effectiveness of those things, of that investment, is to make sure we level the entire portfolio and that we are thinking through how do we make sure we have the right product selection to the right audiences.  So for us, when you look at our, whether it's back to season, and we combine the different kind of categories that we can bring together, as we think about back to school in which we can bring in Lunchables and our Capri Sun business together, that idea of us being able to kind of go into the retail environment and actually leverage the entire scale of our business allows us to be more effective in terms of the returns of those promotions. So it's both, looking at the true ROI, through the AI management tools that we have, as well as maximizing our presence in store, leveraging our scale.  The last thing I will say is, as we think about going into the second half of the year, we're also seeing consumers behaving in a way, in two different kind of camps. They are the consumers who are going to be looking for those more, I would say larger packs in which they are going to look for the value by looking at the total size of the products that they are going to get and why we are introducing more products in the club type of packages, whether that is in our Mac and Cheese, in our Lunchables and you see that that is focused on driving that particular type of behavior with consumer effectiveness.  There's also going to be a number of programs specifically to making sure that we are keeping consumers who are also focused on the cash flow within our categories, which is why we also have been introducing more of the smaller package, more of the dollar type of products that allows us to maintain our consumers within the category for longer. So we're approaching that in those two prongs, at the same time, always looking at making sure we have the right ROI in every investment that we make. 
John Baumgartner: I apologize for my connection there, but just to clarify, if we think about price promotions versus sort of non-price, the quality, the feature, the display, have you seen any sort of changes in terms of how deep you may have to go on price reductions going forward or do you think that kind of quality promo, you'll still see attractive lift? You don't really have to get deeper on pricing. 
Andre Maciel: But what we have said Andre here, what we have seen throughout these past three years is that we can have very attractive lifts without having to go as deep. And I think that that, when you look across, at least based on data from my review [ph], that's what we have been observing for ourselves and I think that still remains true moving forward.  The other thing that as Carlos mentioned, that I think moving forward we're going to start to see more and more increasing importance of mix, and that's vis-a-vis only doing more promotions or playing with these prices. So I think we're going to be hearing a lot more about mix-related actions. 
John Baumgartner: Okay. Thanks for your time. 
Miguel Patricio: Thanks, John. 
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America. You may proceed. 
Bryan Spillane : Hey, thanks operator. Good morning, everyone. 
Miguel Patricio: Good morning. 
Bryan Spillane : Hi. So I had  I guess I had just two questions. First one, just a clarification. I think we talked about margins in the prepared remarks that fourth quarter margins will be higher than the third quarter. I just want to clarify, was that a comment on gross margin or EBITDA margin? 
Miguel Patricio: Andre?
Andre Maciel: It ends up being both, but it's driven by the gross margin. 
Bryan Spillane : Okay. 
Andre Maciel: And it's mostly, it's a seasonal factor, because in Q4 we typically sell-through. We're over-investing products in higher margins. If you look just for generality, aside [inaudible] Q2 is higher than Q3, because we ship a lot of greeting [ph] season, which has higher margin, we ship for summer. And then in Q4, we have items like cream cheese, gravies, and other items like that have very high margin, desserts. So that's why it's just mixed related. 
Bryan Spillane : Okay. And then second question, and I guess maybe this is related to what John Baumgartner was just asking, but maybe just more simplistically, I think coming out of the first quarter, you talked  and this, we're talking about North American retail, that one of the issues or one of the drivers of share losses was just price gaps, right? That competitors, whether it's private label or branded in certain categories hadn't followed your pricing.  And so I guess I have two questions. One is, have price gaps narrowed or your share gains that you've seen sequentially over the last couple of months happened without the price gaps closing? And then when we think about your  the comments about the expectations for volume growth in 24, right, is that dependent also on kind of normalized price gaps? I guess what I'm trying to understand is like, can you drive volume without those price gaps closing, because you really can't control what your competitors do. 
Andre Maciel: Yes, I think there's a couple of things. If we look versus the bottom, the last two, three months we have seen the price gaps narrowly moving favorably to us, so getting closer. So there is certain contribution coming from that. And also, all the other actions that we outlined in the remarks, right. So we had to do some pockets of challenges in service that is now getting behind us. I think the only big remaining item is cold cuts. That as we said is going to be recovered by end of Q3 or the Q4. We have innovations starting to ramp up, and I think Carlos can give more color on that. 
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Yes Brian, what I would add is that, first of all on the comment on private label. Private label shares trends actually have been flat since you looked at it. In fact since second half of 2022, even with increasing price gaps that we had after our price impact in February. So we have taken that pricing to protect our margins, and some branded competitors have not followed, but at the same time, we continue to stay diligent on the way we think about the business. Now, in the points that Andrew just mentioned, in terms of  as we think about going forward, why is it that we see the moderation of our improvement? I'll give you three reasons on the way kind of I look at it as we go into the second half of the year into 2024 in the U.S. retails. You know number one, we're investing more in marketing, we're launching more innovation, and we are lapping the pricing actions as we go into second half of the year.  And just to unpack it one more level, if you think about the innovation that we are seeing right now, we are actually building momentum as we go into the year, as we are following this kind of two-pronged strategy innovation. First, you're going to see us continue to launch more disruptive innovation platforms, and that includes things like our NotCo line of plan-based offerings, the new Crisp from the Microwave, which delivers great taste and all the convenience, and the restaurant-to-retail platform, and you see that already with things like the IHOP Coffee line.  The second part of the innovation is also how do we take our existing brands into new spaces. Already, we introduced a new frozen Mac and Cheese. We are expanding our Delimex and Taco Bell into more spaces with the Mexican meals, and as we speak, we're also launching new Oscar Mayer scramblers as we continue to expand on the Brexit platform.  So you see, it's comprehensive in terms of how we are approaching innovation in order to continue to shape the categories as we increase its shelf space and quality display as we go forward, and that's already paying us. And in fact, just to give you a factoid, if you look at our Lunchables, we are creating a new golden wall in Lunchables as we go into a second half, and we are seeing that in some of our top customers that increases about 40% our space within the shelf.  So again, it's not only thinking through the kind of promotional event, but also what we're doing in terms of our driving, volume-driving activities that are important as we go forward. 
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Pamela Kaufman with Morgan Stanley. You may proceed. 
Pamela Kaufman : Hi! Good morning. 
Miguel Patricio: Good morning. 
Andre Maciel: Good morning. 
Pamela Kaufman : In North America, you pointed to your organic sales growth below consumption in certain parts of the portfolio, like the GROW platform, Taste Elevation, Easy Meals. What's driving that gap, and are you seeing a change in how retailers are managing inventory levels or shelf space for your brands? 
Miguel Patricio: Let me start with the  thanks for the question. Let me start with the second part of that, which, what we're seeing right now is  if you look at the second quarter and what we know today, we believe retail inventory is actually in pretty good shape. In fact, on average, retail inventory for us was flat across the North America business, and what did happen, it was in truly isolated pockets and earlier in the quarter, so that we actually saw that through the quarter it continued to improve, and so there's no  I don't see that as an ongoing situation as we go forward and that has been proven as we go through the quarter, so.  And I'm sorry, the first part of your question then was what?
Pamela Kaufman : Why were your sales below consumption across some of your platforms? 
Miguel Patricio: Yes. No, thank you. You know, I think if you look at our GROW platforms, which continue to drive our priority and our strategy, those actually in consumption remain very strong. I think if you think about Taste Elevation growing 8% for the quarter, Easy Meals growing 6% in the quarter. In those cases, the difference between organic and our consumption were specifically in Easy Meals, where there was an inventory de-load in the beginning part of the quarter that as I said earlier, it continued to improve as we go into  as we go forward.  And I think for us is, that remains  our strategy remains  the fact that the consumption continued to improve as we go through the quarter and the performance we saw in those, I think supports our continued focus on that strategy as we go into the second half of the year. 
Pamela Kaufman : Okay. Thank you. 
Miguel Patricio: Thank you. 
Pamela Kaufman : And just a follow-up question on your outlook for volumes improving in the back half. You pointed to moderating pricing growth as one of the drivers, but in the second quarter, pricing already moved past its peak, although volumes still softened.  So why do you think that volumes will get better from here, considering the competitive environment and some of the macro headwinds you highlighted, like the student loan repayment resuming? And I guess just related to that, how much of a driver do you think that the innovation that you talked about can be for volumes? Thanks. 
Andre Maciel: Yes. Look, our price  our price in Q2 as you saw was close to 11%, and the reason why we saw higher elasticity and higher volume decline as I said before is because of the expanded price gaps. Now moving forward, these price gaps are not getting worse. If anything, they are slightly getting better. So as you head into the second half, as we continue to lap price, we still have valuable price that happened last year, so that you're going to be lapping starting now in Q3, and even we had another round that implemented Q4 last year. So we have two rounds of price still to lap in the United States alone.  So beyond the pricing side, there are other things linked to our action plans that will help us to step up the share level that we are at today. I think Carlos can speak about that. 
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: The one thing I guess I would add to that too is that, if you think about innovation, it's not just kind of the launching innovation, but what the innovation allows you to actually perform in market. So when I mention things like us being able to improve our presence and expanding our shelving on things like Lunchables because of the innovation. And in Lunchables for example, we are going to new locations. So we're doing  already announced yesterday, we're doing pilots on taking Lunchables into the pro section; we're launching innovation in schools; we are expanding our presence in vending. All that actually helps us strengthen our overall kind of performance in stores.  We also are doing that in Philadelphia cream cheese. If you think about a year  a year ago, this is actually going to be the first holiday season in which we're going to go into the holidays with full service on Philadelphia cream cheese and that's true for the last several years. So now we have an opportunity to actually truly kind of leverage our power of our brand, make sure we build that kind of our shelf display, as we go into this one of the most important seasons for Philadelphia business.  And we also changed to that too in coffee. I mentioned earlier, the fact that we had a new line with IHOP in terms of bringing coffee, a new IHOP coffee into the stores. That actually allows us to also expand our coffee category into the stores and actually win additional spaces as we go into the second half of the year. So the innovation plays a couple of roles. It both attracts consumers and shapes our category to grow, but it also helps us expand our presence in order to increase the volume as well. 
Andre Maciel : So volume expected to improve as a function of lapping prices from last year. We still have two rounds to lap. Innovation ramping up. Shelf resets in the fall. That I think would be favorable to us, that's the expectation and service level recovery, particularly in cold cuts. 
Pamela Kaufman : Got it. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. One moment for questions. Our next question comes from Cody Ross with UBS. You may proceed. 
Cody Ross : Hi. Thank you for taking our questions. I just want to focus on gross margin and specifically your inflation outlook. What's driving you to move your inflation outlook lower this year? 
Andre Maciel: So commodities in general continue to come down, and as hedges roll off and our contracts get adjusted, some of them are based on indexes. We are seeing costs continue to move favorably, which has been allowing us to expand the gross margin, and by consequence has been allowing us to accelerate the investment behind the business, particularly in marketing, R&D and technology. [Cross Talk]
Cody Ross : Any particular commodities? 
Andre Maciel: That are declining? 
Cody Ross : Yes. That you would call out, thats driving that. 
Andre Maciel: I don't think there is a particular one. I mean our portfolio is large, there are so many commodities in the business. There is a general movement of commodities coming down. The exceptions to that sale are tomato, potato, that have bad crops, and sweetness. Other than that, we are seeing generally commodities moving favorably. 
Cody Ross : Understood. And then in light of the declining commodities or your outlook for inflation, do you think you took too much price, given you said you took price ahead of competitors and they have not followed? And then I'll pass it on.
Andre Maciel: No. I would say 
Miguel Patricio: Let me answer that one. I would do everything again. Weve had very high inflation, and we are leaders in the vast majority of categories where we play, and it's our role as leaders to try to compensate these price increases with  this inflation with price increase. So I would do everything again. I mean, we can always go back on price if we think we have to or when we have to, but we had to lead price increases. So yes, that would be my answer to you. 
Andre Maciel: And the only thing I would say is remember that we never get to be very systematic in terms of pricing to offset the inflation, and that's what we have done. We have no price ahead of inflation. If you look at our gross margin in Q2, it's still slightly below 2021 levels.  And the other thing that is worth mentioning in the gross margin, we showed that in prepared remarks. Our efficiency plan is trending very well, and we are ahead of  we are pacing ahead of the $500 million that we have said well deliver by the year, so another good news. 
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Let me build on that point from Andre. I think that the only sustainable way to keep increasing our investments behind the brand and to grow our volumes and shares for the future is by improving gross margins and investing back in marketing, R&D and technology, which is exactly what we are doing.  Because we had very high, very good gross margin this quarter, we could increase marketing this quarter by 23%. We could increase R&D by 10%. We could increase our investments in technology. And as Andre said, that was possible because in one side, yes, we had price increases, but on the other side, because we are every month delivering more and more efficiencies in supply, we're excited with that part as well and that's my answer. 
Andre Maciel : And I expect that people noted the difference as well, how they are operating, because we have been intentionally opting to use those resources, to put back in the long term behind marketing and technology. We could have opted to be adding more promotions, but that would not make sense, because wed be adding promotions to low return. We are thinking about the long term here. I hope people note the difference of how they are being  they are getting the big base very different.
Anne-Marie Megela : And that will wrap it up for today's Q&A session. Thank you all for your questions. I will turn it over to Miguel, who will just kind of wrap up the call for us. 
Miguel Patricio: I just want to thank you all for the time and for the attention and the patience with us. So thank you so much, and hope to talk to you and to see you very soon. 
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-05-03 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and thank you for standing by. Welcome to The Kraft Heinz Company First Quarter Results. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to Anne-Marie Megela, Head of Global Investor Relations. The floor is yours.
Anne-Marie Megela: Thank you, and hello, everyone, and welcome to our Q&A session for our first quarter 2023 business update. During today's call, we may make forward-looking statements regarding our expectations for the future, including related to our business plans and expectations, strategy, efforts and investments and related timing and expected impacts. These statements are based on how we see things today, and actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. Please see the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in today's earnings release, which accompanies this call as well as our most recent 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K filings for more information regarding these risks and uncertainties. Additionally, we may refer to non-GAAP financial measures, which exclude certain items from our financial results reported in accordance with GAAP. Please refer to today's earnings release and the non-GAAP information available on our website at ir.kraftheinzcompany.com, under News and Events for a discussion of our non-GAAP financial measures and reconciliations to the comparable GAAP financial measures. Before we begin, I'm going to hand it over to our CEO, Miguel Patricio, for some brief opening comments.
Miguel Patricio: Well, thank you, Anne-Marie, and thank you, everyone, joining us today. We are proud, proud and confident. We are so confident that we are raising our guidance on EBITDA and earnings. We are so confident that we are increasing our investments in marketing and in R&D by $100 million to $150 million versus budget, which represents a solid double-digit growth versus previous year. These results are not a coincidence. They are because of our confidence. We have been consistently saying that we'll grow through emerging markets, and we grew 23% this quarter. We'll grow throughput service globally, and we grew about 29% this quarter, and we'll grow through our priority growth platforms in U.S., Easy Meals and Taste Elevation, where we had double-digit growth. The rest of the portfolio has to free up resources to invest in our strategy. These results are possible not only because of our strategy, but because of everything that is behind our strategy. Let me start with people. Today, we have a great team and very engaged team. Speed. Well, agility is a big word for us and the products that we have in place are transforming the company. In innovation, in supply, manufacturing, procurement, in sales, in logistics. And two good examples of that is innovation, where we have now a much stronger pipeline for the future and we reduced the time of innovating from three years to a couple of months, or in supply that through the pods plus the partnership with Microsoft and the usage of artificial intelligence, we are improving our planning, our service levels, reducing waste, reducing times. We are in a very different place today. And finally, efficiencies. When we announced 3 years ago, a $2 billion in 5 years of gross savings, there were a lot of people that were skeptical that represented $400 million per year. We not only delivered this number in 3 years in a row, but we are now increasing this bar to $500 million a year. With that, I have here with me today, Andre, our CFO; Carlos Abrams-Rivera, our Zone President for North America; and Rafael, our Zone President for International that are joining me. Please, we are ready for the Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America. Please proceed.
Bryan Spillane: I just wanted to ask, I guess, two questions related to the U.S. One is, I think as we kind of strip out the foodservice piece and look at what's underneath, it looks like there's a bit of a dismatch or mismatch, I should say, between kind of what we were seeing in the Nielsen data and what would have been reported underlying. So just trying to understand if there was anything there relative to timing of shipments or promotions that might have affected the cadence? And then, second, if you can just talk a little bit about in the U.S. specifically, kind of how you're seeing the promotional activity or the promotional environment as we kind of head into some of the big summer holidays? Is it intensified? Is it kind of in line with your expectations. Just kind of how you're seeing those summer holiday setup, please?
Miguel Patricio: Andre, please.
Andre Maciel: Look, when you look at the U.S. performance, I don't think there is nothing out of the normal happening in the quarter. The inventory load was immaterial given where already ended at the end of Q4, as we said before. So it's really a function of the sell-out and the foodservice, which performed very well in the quarter in the U.S. zone. So maybe people underappreciated a little bit of impact of that. I believe it has something to do also the fact that last year, with Omicron and things, everything was shut down. So that impacted the sellout in retail across in the industry at the beginning of the quarter, but also helped a lot of foodservice to have a very strong performance. When it comes to promotions. As we have said all along - well, it has all along, we expect an increasing promotional year to go. That's what has been in the guidance to the plan from the beginning, so nothing changing there from that regard. Obviously, not prudent way and always emphasizing that well for 2019 levels. And you see in remarks [ph], how well we are doing in terms of continuing to improve our ROI with the tools that we have in place. And so I will give some color to pass over to Carlos to give some color on the promotional environment.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: The one thing I guess I would add, Bryan, to what Andre just said is, as you mentioned, the ROI has continued to improve. But let me give you a little more color as to what's behind that. We have spoken about the agile scale and how that has reengineered kind of Kraft Heinz. And part of that is us creating ownable agile revenue management tools that actually allows us to improve the returns of our promotions. So like, for example, we have a trade management system that we created in-house, and it gives us real-time access to essentially over 10,000 promotional events. And then what we do is, we actually create digital tools that leverage that large amount of data to provide insights and recommendations in a very simple way. Now those solutions then help us to make sure that allows us to figure out what is the right depth of discount, what is the right time of the year and what are the right promotional tactics we have been doing. So if you look at our Q1 numbers, we saw about a 10-point improvement in ROI in this particular quarter versus what we saw a year ago. And it's about 15 points if you compare that to 2019 of Q1. So again, our ownable tools continue to help us make sure that we are driving that investment. So as we go forward, our continued focus is make sure that we invest in the business that we are focused on the renovation of our business and marketing, driving a stronger quality with those event-based activities that really have the high ROIs. And Raf, I don't know if anything you want to comment on what you're seeing in international promotions?
Rafael Oliveira: It's not very different than what you described Carlos. I think, and what Andre mentioned, you might see a bit of an increase. We will see a bit of an increase in some marketing and promotional activity through the year to go, but nothing significant that is not included in our guidance.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. One moment for the next, and it comes from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Andrew Lazar: I think you outperformed expectations, obviously, in the first quarter on organic sales growth and maintained the full year outlook, I guess, potentially implying slower go-forward trends maybe than originally planned for. Is there something you're seeing in the market that necessitates this adjustment? Or is this more a function of sort of conservatism? And I appreciate the fair outlook is already above your sort of long-term algorithm?
Miguel Patricio: Andre, maybe you want to answer that question.
Andre Maciel: So there is nothing that changed expectation. We are holding the guidance in top line. And if I look at versus what I believe market was expecting, we over delivered quite a lot in the international zone, which I think people still -- they don't fully appreciate the impact of emerging markets growth in our portfolio and the food service portion of the international market on portfolio as well. They've been performing extremely well, as Miguel indicated and they continue to do. So momentum is very solid. When it comes to the U.S., nothing changes in our internal expectations. We just see that at this moment is good to be prudent. It isn't macroeconomic uncertainties about interest rates and our consumers might expand on that, but nothing special.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question, please. And it comes from the line of Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Ken Goldman: There's been some anecdotal evidence that consumers are beginning to trade down in terms of where they're doing their grocery shopping, either going from premium channel to more mainstream or mainstream to discount. I'm curious if this is something you're starting to see as well, even if it's just on the margin. And if so, is it in any way, I guess, informing your decisions about product mix, new products, things like that?
Miguel Patricio: Maybe Andre and Carlos can comment.
Andre Maciel: So as you have seen since last year, the channel migration has started. So we don't see like a normal accelerated trend over that. We have seen consistently now for several months, there's the other channel and the mass merchandising gaining ground consistently. And as this is not a new phenomenon, we have been prepared for that for a while. So I'll pass to Carlos to talk about the panel activities we are doing in those channels, but we don't see anything abnormal happening. If anything, it's expected.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Yes. What I would add in terms of color, I guess, first in retail, I mean there have been some channel shifting which we expected. And for the lower-income consumers, this means kind of moving to more value-focused retailers or into dollar channel. And as Andre said, we anticipated this. Now for high-income consumer, that also means thinking about what are the places that it can go in instead of maybe the specialty retailers to more traditional grocery and club. And for us, what we're looking to do is actually making sure that we have the right solutions for those that are respective channels. So whether that is more club size packagings and brands like Mac & Cheese and JELL-O and adding more dollar SKUs, so that consumers who are stretched are actually able to stay within the category. And then, as we talked earlier, being savvy about how we go about our promotional activities in certain categories so that we can, in fact, be there with consumers with the right overall kind of meal solution. So if you think about what a grilled cheese sandwich can do with Kraft singles, what Kraft Mac & Cheese can do in terms of families, what else [kind of] [ph] others can do, us being able to be there for those kind of meal solutions is part of the answer as well. The one other thing I would say is, if you look at that same channel shift within foodservice, we're also making sure that we are adjusting, too, for that. We are seeing how our business continues to grow in QSR and for us is continued to grow that business. And we are doing that and we're growing share of that business as well. So it's making sure that our consumers are shifting to from certain restaurants to QSR. We are making sure that we are there for them too, to continue to drive our products and continue to drive our growth, which is the way it resulted in Q1. So thank you for the question, Ken.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question, please. And it comes from the line of Jason English with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Jason English: Two quick questions. First, the gross margin outlook for the year. Great to see it moving up. It implies that your gross margin for the year is going to look a lot like your first quarter, which would, of course, market end to what has been like a sequential build with every quarter moving higher. I guess my question is, why would that be the case, especially given the cost inflation appears to be moderating.
Andre Maciel: Sorry, Jason, could you repeat the question talking about the trajectory of the gross margin throughout the year?
Jason English: Yes. Gross margin has been building sequentially, right? You did have a chart in one of your slides showing every quarter moving higher. Your full year guidance implies that it kind of goes sideways. So you're going to finish the year at a margin rate very comparable to the first quarter. So my question is, why shouldn't we expect it to continue to grind a little higher as cost inflation moderates?
Andre Maciel: No, the gross margin, we've increased a little bit throughout the next quarter. So we should see Q4 will be the highest one. Q2 goes a little bit sideways that is a component of mix in our portfolio as well, given the type of products that sell more during Q1 and Q4 in comparison to last sold in December. But beyond that, no, because the costs are continued to ease. We put a lot of price in the middle of the quarter. So we have two reflection of that now in Q2. But remember as well, and then I'm going to talk to that something from next year, right? But no, the gross margin will gradually increase throughout the year. And expectation is a little bit because of product mix, which is not seasonality.
Jason English: Yes. That's helpful. I appreciate that. And then free cash flow, can you tell us what your outlook is for the full year in terms of conversion or level, however you want to communicate that. And I know you talked about working inventory down. It built a lot last year, and obviously, there's still a heavy usage of cash again in the first quarter. How much of that do you think we can get back out over the course of this year? Or do we have to kind of bleed into next year before we can normalize those levels?
Andre Maciel: Yes. So free cash flow, as we said last quarter, we expect this year to close in the 75% to 80% range, which is in line with our plan. We even talk about that in CAGNY. And then, we expect by 2025 to go up to 100%. This has to do mainly with the CapEx ramp-up that we have done this year and next year, which is close to 4% and then expect to wind down. Working capital was a drag last year and in Q1 was also a negative. We prioritized service-level recovery because I mean, the payback is obviously there. What I can tell you is we have a very robust plan, very robust plan to bring the inventory down to level before. We have been working with buffers. I mean, as everybody in the industry does, given other circumstances about supply chain volatility and resilience. But we have a very clear line of glide path to break it down throughout the year. So the expectation for inventory is to land the year at similar levels to very well the pre-pandemic level as a percentage of COGS.
Operator: One moment for our next question, please. And it comes the from line of John Baumgartner with Mizuho Securities.
John Baumgartner: I wanted to come back to promotion in the U.S., Carlos. There were a few categories that drove the bulk of U.S. share loss in Q1. But I think those are also categories where your promotion levels really seem below branded competitors. So is it fair to isolate the share losses to reduce promo and lingering supply chain issues? Or are there other factors employed outside of promo and supply chain?
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: No, John. I think there's a fair assessment. But I guess, let me start with the fact that as we think about growing the business, we have a very disciplined approach of how we're going to do that. So as Miguel mentioned, we're going to focus on our growth platforms and the growth they have in our portfolio. We're going to make sure we're building innovation that's disruptive and that we continue to adapt the core to the consumer trends, and we're going to manage the margin with efficiency to reinvest in the business with double-digit investments in marketing, technology and R&D. And as you said, there are a few kind of categories where we saw a slowdown. And let me remind you, too, that we took pricing in the middle of the quarter as we were catching up to margins. So if you think about a couple of those categories, let me highlight a couple of them. One, Kraft Cheese, for example We did see some supply chain challenges that we had in the quarter. Those are things that prevented us from really taking advantage of the eastern time period and in fact, we are now in a position that will be better off as we go into the year to go. Another one, I'll tell you with cold cuts in which we began the year with a low inventory situation in our business. And again, as we think about cold cuts by the end of the summer, we should be in a much better place in terms of complete supply in the overall business. So that sense of the short-term supply constraint -- well assessment of how we see the quarter as well. The one thing I would add too is that there are places where categories, we're simply not going to be chasing volume down. So if you think about bacon, it's a category that probably was about a point of headwind when you look at the data and consumer data, but we are simply not going to be chasing volume that is not profitable. So that gives you a sense about how kind of we're looking at business and what drove the first quarter.
John Baumgartner: Okay. Thanks, Carlos. And on the international side, your categories, I guess, historically, your category has been pretty defensive in terms of demand or economic weakness. And I'm curious, if you're doing a lot of good things, ramping distribution, launching new products. But as you transform the business with growth in food service, the new sauces, the BEES partnership with ABI, how do you think about the marginal structure? Are these new outlets and products introducing greater volatility into the business? Or do they benefit you and that they reduce some of the impact of private label and price sensitivities in places like the U.K. and Europe. How do you think about the net resilience you're building outside the U.S.? Thank you.
Andre Maciel: Rafael, do you want to answer that one?
Rafael Oliveira: Yes. Well, happy to. I think we need to differentiate a bit how we're growing in emerging markets and the developed markets across international. I think I mean, what you described probably applies a lot to the developed market because as you know, has been talking about, across emerging markets, we are growing significantly and the go-to-market and the opportunity having execution of this go-to-market has been significant and continues to be. On the developed market, I mean it's a mix. I mean we've been renovating our portfolio significantly in all the base specialty mentioned Europe. And then launching the products that have been incremental, not only in [indiscernible], Easy Meals category. Like those are the two platforms that we've been growing, especially the sauces of Taste Elevation. So this has been the focus. I mean right now is delivering the results that we expect and again, providing the gains that we need and the resources from the core and the innovation growth that comes from those introductions.
Andre Maciel: And just to add to that, if you remember, again international zone, we have developed marketing by emerging markets, right, emerging markets, 10% of our business. We expect to grow double digits like we have been doing. As a decent plant about expanding distribution, but it has to be better in a profitable way. And you might have noticed in the prepared remarks that since we start to require from our emerging markets, a certain level of minimum ROIC or NDA, I think we're seeing a fairly healthy balance between top and bottom line. And we saw very significant gross margin expansion in emerging markets across the board in the quarter. And I think with expectation to continue to improve. So we feel very good at part of the investments that Miguel has said about $150 million, which is going across market, R&D, lead technology and in some cases, sales headcount. But in the case of the emerging markets, we are accelerating the go-to-market expansion. Again, we always keep our stability top of mind here. We don't want to grow without delivering levering returns. And on the developed markets, not only in the U.S. but also in selected countries in developed, we are using part of these incremental investments to restate marketing levels and accelerate in some cases the innovation agenda. So it's still very good because that allow us to continue to build the future growth of the company.
Miguel Patricio: Let me mention one thing that you said that you mentioned that entering new categories with innovation, you're right. I mean we launched in U.K. Heinz pasta sauce. And in a couple of months, we achieved 7% share, and we continue growing. We just launched a vodka pasta sauce with Absolut that is being extremely successful in the market. But it's not only in Europe. I mean if you look at the profile of innovation that we are having right now in the U.S., it's very different from the past. In the past, we had a lot of innovation but really not incremental, it's very cannibalistic. I just think about what we've been launching, like NotCo that we are going to -- it's going to be national during the summertime. It's basically 80% incremental to the category or just spices that we just launched in the U.S. through direct-to-consumer, which is spices, which is a huge market where we don't play today. Our Tingly Ted's that we are launching globally throughout the year that is in hot sauces that is a pretty growing category that we will not play or even Kraft Mac & Cheese frozen that we are launching, that we are a leader with Kraft Mac & Cheese. We have a very strong portfolio of frozen, but we didn't have an option of Kraft Mac & Cheese frozen. And I can continue this list and tell you about Home Bake and increased Home microwave, really, really incremental innovation that will start to change the profile of innovation in our company.
Anne-Marie Megela: Operator, we have time for one more question.
Operator: Thank you. One moment please. And the question comes from Stephen Powers with Deutsche Bank.
Stephen Powers: I just wanted to follow up on the supply topic. It sounds like you've made good headway and have good visibility to improvements going forward. But I guess, just framing that, is there a way to think about what the supply challenges in the first quarter cost you? And then as you move forward with those supply bottlenecks resolved, do you kind of resume a more normal growth trajectory in those categories? Were those issues behind you? Do you accelerate ketchup over the next couple of quarters as you dig out of the hole? Or is it more prudent for us to think about a more gradual ramp of recovery, again, as those issues abate. Thank you.
Miguel Patricio: Andre, maybe Carlos then.
Andre Maciel: Look, we obviously expect as some of the solutions, [indiscernible] Carlos indicated, we expect over time to be review the inventory at the retailer and that should come together with some improvement in the top-line performance. But again, it's all compensated in our guidance here. Remember that our priority in the U.S. is to grow in the growth platforms. and the priority growth platform have performed very well in the first quarter, particularly Taste Elevation and Easy Meals. But we expect [indiscernible] to improve their performance all the year as those problems get behind us. In other categories like in meat, as Carlos also said, not necessarily we're going to be a strong acceleration in growth because we're also trying to be prudent about having the profitability there. So it's about having the right balance but yes.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Just a minute. Not much to add. What I would say is, we continue to see the improvement in service level. So just to give you a kind of a framework last year. I think at this time of the year, we were kind of in the mid-80s. In the mid-90s actually closer to the high levels of 90s, so as we exit the first quarter. So I feel like we do have a couple of categories that I mentioned earlier, where we had some isolated challenges. But overall, the business we are sectoring the right trajectory to continue to service the business the right way as we go forward.
Anne-Marie Megela: Operator, that will be it for the Q&A session. I'd like to turn it over to Miguel for some closing comments.
Miguel Patricio: All right. I just want to thank you for the time you spent with us and looking forward to sharing more information and more results with you. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. And with that, we conclude today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-15 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to The Kraft Heinz Company Fourth Quarter Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I'd now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Anne-Marie Megela. Please go ahead.
Anne-Marie Megela: Thank you, and hello, everyone. This is Anne-Marie Megela, Head of Global Investor Relations at The Kraft Heinz Company, and welcome to our Q&A session for our fourth quarter 2022 business update. During today's call, we may make forward-looking statements regarding our expectations for the future, including related to our business plans and expectations, strategy, efforts and investments and related timing and expected impacts. These statements are based on how we see things today, and actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. Please see the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in today's earnings release, which accompanies this call as well as our most recent 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K filings for more information regarding these risks and uncertainties. Additionally, we may refer to non-GAAP financial measures, which exclude certain items from our financial results reported in accordance with GAAP. Please refer to today's earnings release and the non-GAAP information available on our website at ir.kraftheinzcompany.com under News & Events for a discussion of our non-GAAP financial measures and reconciliations to the comparable GAAP financial measures. Before we begin, I'm now going to hand it over to CEO, Miguel Patricio, for some brief opening comments.
Miguel Patricio: Thank you, Anne-Marie, and thank you, everyone, for joining us here today. Let me first take a moment to say, how proud I am of Kraft Heinz team. We have come so far on our transformation journey. It's quite amazing. And the fourth quarter was no exception. You can see the momentum building across our business, service levels and market share trends are improving. Base volumes are positive. We are outpacing the competition in foodservice and emerging markets and by a lot. And importantly, we continue to invest for growth. Once again, we have unlocked efficiencies over $400 million this year, and this allow us to invest in new tools and capabilities for our teams, a new product innovation for our consumers.  From a pricing perspective, 99% of all needed pricing has already been announced for 2023. As we look to the rest of the year, we have no current plan to announce new pricing in North America, Europe, Latin America and most of Asia. I am very optimistic. I'm very excited about how we are positioned to deliver long-term sustainable growth. With that, Ill ask Andre, Carlos and Rafael to join me. So let's open the call for the Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Andrew Lazar with Barclays. 
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thanks. Good morning, everybody. Your EBITDA guidance for fiscal '23 excluding the impact from the 53rd week is actually in line with your long term algorithm. And when you detailed this, I guess at CAGNY a year ago, you sort of I think said it would take multiple years to reach this level of growth. So I guess in this regard, I'm trying to get a sense of whether -- if I have this right, whether you are ahead of schedule? And if so, what you attribute it to? Like, what's gone better or faster maybe than you anticipated? And I guess most importantly, are you in a place where you see this level of growth now as more sustainable? Thank you.
Miguel Patricio: Thank you, Andrew, for the question. Andre, could you answer this question?
Andre Maciel: Sure. Hi, Andrew. Good morning again. And thanks for the question and thanks a lot for noticing it. In fact, we feel very proud about what we have been achieving as a company. And I think in 2023, we will mark another step-up in our performance. And as we all notice, we are on the long-term algorithm already on net sales and also on EBITDA, if we remove the effects from currency and from the 53rd week. And I think this is the best way to show that transformation is working through results, right? And it's good to see how 2022 that we finished in very strong momentum, how that's translating into a stronger performance in 2023. This is a consequence of our market share in the U.S. continuing to improve. Still negative but improving, as foodservice continues to deliver at high at above 30%, emerging markets growing double-digits in a strong rate. So all these, in terms of growth, are working in our favor.  Supply chain efficiencies continue to happen. And in 2023, as you might have noticed in guidance, we are expanding gross margin and see our path to go back to 2019 levels, which is allowing us to continue to increase the investment in the business for growth. So we are in 2023 increasing investments behind marketing, technology and people, which are critical levers for us to fuel the growth of the company. So we feel good about, where we are moving. We still want to do, but we will.
Operator: One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane: Thanks, operator. Good morning, everyone. My question is about just the free cash flow, and I have a couple of questions related to that. I guess the first is just simply, Andre, can you give us a little bit more insight in terms of, I guess, the inventory build? Is it finished goods inventory? Is it raw materials, the decision to do that? And I guess, in the prepared remarks, it's tied to service level. So are you going to need to carry elevated inventories through '23? Is my first question.
Andre Maciel: Sure. Thanks for the question. Look, as we said, as you have seen throughout 2022, we had to rebuild inventory. Our case fill rate at the end of '21 was in the low 80s, which is extremely low. So we had a lot of recovery to do. So you have seen throughout the year, the effect of us build inventory. Keep in mind that we finished 2022 is still in the low 90s. So it's still not what retailers are expecting it should be and what we expect ourselves should be.  Being said that, we do have, compared to historical levels, higher inventory coverage in average in raw and package materials, also, which is normal because we're also trying to build the buffers given all the volatility and uncertainty. So we expect that those raw and package materials should decline over time, including starting in 2023. And in finished goods, even though we need to increase inventory in certain spots where the inventory service levels are still low, we still have a lot of opportunity to rebalance our inventory across the network. I think one of the consequences of the pandemic, the demand volatility is that we started to have inventory straight in the wrong warehouses to meet the demand. And that takes time to sort itself out, right, because of actual cost of product and shipping items across the network. So because of these effects and all the investments that we have made in the past two years to automate demand forecast, we are investing a lot of resources in better supply planning. We are -- we have a big project starting -- that already started to network simplification. So the combination of these investments, plus the rebalance of the network, plus we going back to the more historical levels of averaging raw and package materials should start to system recovering inventory starting '23, but -- or into the future.
Bryan Spillane : So I guess this was kind of bridging that now to maybe how we should be thinking about free cash flow and free cash flow conversion for '23. Can you give us a little bit of perspective on, I guess, capital spending? Will inventory or working capital be a tailwind? Like can we get back to more normal free cash flow conversion in '23? Or is it still going to be somewhat, I guess, subdued relative to previous years?
Andre Maciel : So free cash flow will be better than 2022. We were still not going to be in the long-term algorithm of 100%, and that's in great part because of CapEx investments. As we have said as well during -- when we unveiled the long-term algorithm, we are investing for growth. And we have stepped up investment in CapEx. You have seen in 2022, we are spending a little more than $900 million, which is a big increase versus $700 million, $750 million that were in the past. We are ramping up this again in 2023 and 2024 as part of our long-term plan. And then we should go back down to closer to 3.5% of net sales starting 2025. That's the current perspective. So when the CapEx starts to come down, that will help us to give the step-up change to go back to achieve the 100% as we said the long-term outlook. So this year, I mean -- if you want to expect something this year, it should be like about 80% or so is going to have addressable back in line.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Growe with Stifel.
Chris Growe: I just had a question for you in relation to promotional spending. And you had some data and some charts that showed it was down since 2019 and down more than your branded competition. I just want to get a sense of -- do you expect to increase that? Is that kind of tied to service levels as those improved throughout the year? And then also to better understand what's the appropriate bogey for that level of rebuilding promotional spending? So what portion of that 5% decline you show in 2019 should rebuild? You've got some good data and capabilities now. Can you be more efficient with promotional spending? I think the answer is yes, but just want to get a little more color on that.
Miguel Patricio : Maybe, Andre, you can start and then Carlos comment specifically in U.S.
Andre Maciel : Yes. So -- and thanks for the question. We have increased trade investment in a very significant way from 2017 to '19, more than $1 billion in the United States alone. So we have restarted from a very high base. We increased late 2019. We created a centralized revenue management organization. We have more than 50 people fully dedicated to that in North America alone, and we have started to gathering power of our sales organization. We put a lot of discipline and science behind making promotional decisions in a way that benefits us and retailers. And you have seen a lot of that coming to fruition now in the results of the last three years. That is obviously an impact from service level as well. But just to put in perspective, if you look at Q4 volume sold on promotion, we had about 24% of volume sold on promotion in Q4 '22. That's higher than 2021, but above 23% as a 2 percentage point in the past, still lower than the branded competitors in our categories. But in 2019, it was 34%. So that's too much. And if you look at where we are right now in terms of promotional investments, we still have a significant amount of promotions that have negative ROIs. So it's not about cutting promotions, it's about deploying it in a smarter way. So we are in the journey, and we have seen the results from that, but there's still a lot of opportunities for us to go ahead. We will deploy it, and want it step-increasing. It is not for me to give you a precise number of where this is going to land. But what I can tell you with confidence is that we're not going to get anywhere close to 2019 levels.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera : Yes. Let me -- it's Carlos here, Chris. Listen, what I would say is just building on some of the comments that Andre just mentioned is that as we think about promotional activity going forward, it really is about being surgical about how we invest those promotion dollars. Thinking through making them around event-based activity. So that way, we are thinking through how do we make sure that we are driving the best utilization of that particular event versus a price-based activity. And I think what happens then is it allows us to actually make sure we are focused in terms of driving positive ROIs. And I think if you -- as you heard from Andre, we have made a huge thrive from where we went to 2019, and we're not going back. In fact, when you look at some of our focus on improving the ROI of our programs, today, on average, if you think of 2022 versus 2019, we've actually tripled the level of ROI returns of our promotions from three years ago. So again, it is a signal that all the investments we're doing in terms of revenue management are agile still work in terms of better understanding how to read the data and how to utilize our funding is actually driving specifically better ROI in every funding that we're doing.
Operator: Our next question comes from Cody Ross with UBS. 
Cody Ross: Just a quick question around your organic sales guidance. You guided 2023 organic sales growth of 4% to 6%. Based on wraparound pricing from 2022 and the incremental price that you discussed for 2023, we estimate that your volume growth assumption is flat to down low single digits. Is that correct? And then if so, what gives you the confidence that elasticity will remain so low as we move throughout the year?
Miguel Patricio : Andre?
Andre Maciel : Yes. Hi, Cody, thanks for the question. So as well noted, we are finishing Q4 growing about 10%. And we just have a new round of price that we just implemented. So that certainly has a positive effect in the first half of the year. We expect gradually throughout the year for us to be -- as we circulate the price increases from last year that we end up landing in the second half on something closer to our long-term growth algorithm, okay? Being said that, the growth in 2023 is all driven by price. So volume is still negative. Obviously, it improves throughout the quarters as we start to lap the prices. But even at the end of the year, will still be negative. That's something that as we think about the future, it's not the negative balance that we want. We want a good balance as we think about top line growth between price and volume. And we're going to talk a lot about that the next week in CAGNY. We have contemplated the guidance and increased level of elasticity compared to what we saw in 2022, but still not the way up to the historical levels.  In terms of what gives confidence. So you saw the sell-out for the industry to our Q4 was still very strong. In fact, if you look at sell-out elastic, just looking at price and volume based on the sell-out, Q4 was better than any other quarter in the year. Now we obviously need to -- we need to keep actively monitoring and we are because throughout this year, we can see maybe consumers will change the behavior. Carlos, do you want to comment something on that?
Carlos Abrams-Rivera : The one thing I would add there, Cody, is the fact that we also are making sure that we continue to expand in terms of -- in the number of formats and price points that we offer within our categories to make sure we maintain the consumers that have been with us over the last couple of years. So that is -- means that if you look at the data, for example, in Q4, those earnings over $100,000 in consumers, actually with that particular group, we actually grew over 13% in terms of consumption. And at the same time, we're making sure that as consumers going to club, we are actually increasing the number of offerings, whether it's Mac & Cheese and JELL-O in terms of club and those consumers are going to dollar stores, we're actually improving the number of SKUs that we have available to them. So that way, there's a point in which they can come into the category and those who are choosing to look at value in terms of club sizes, we also have those formats. So it is for us to be agile in terms of how we think about the consumer continue to change, and we've been having an offer that provides the best value for them regardless of the socioeconomic situation.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Goldman with JPMorgan.
Ken Goldman : Just hoping to get a better sense of the magnitude of the gross margin improvement you're expecting this year. And besides the obvious ones in terms of the cadence of inflation, if there's any considerations we should have about maybe the timing from quarter-to-quarter of that improvement?
Miguel Patricio : Andre, please?
Andre Maciel : Hi, Ken. Good morning. Thanks for the question. You have seen that in Q4, we happened to have -- that we said we would have a relevant sequential improvement, which put us in Q4 in line with the 2019 gross margins. We expect in Q1 to maybe the gross margin to go a little bit down as we have contracts that are getting renewed and some inflation that was not passed over to us last year, now is going to affect us. And we had that contemplated in our guidance. But then -- but you should expect somewhere close to flattish in Q1 compared to prior year and from there you should start to see expansion on a year-over-year basis. In terms of a ballpark, you should think about 50 bps to 100 bps, so on magnitude of gross margin expansion, which that is what's allowing us to increase investments behind marketing, technology and people, which are so important to us.
Operator: Our next question comes from Pamela Kaufman of Morgan Stanley.
Pamela Kaufman : Can you talk about the competitive dynamics within your categories? In the prepared remarks, you indicated that private label share is increasing, but that is primarily coming from your branded competitors. So maybe if you could just elaborate on what you're seeing there? That would be helpful.
Miguel Patricio : Maybe Andre and Carlos can comment on that.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera : Sure. Let me start. Thank you for the question, by the way. As you saw, and let me speak for the North America business first, and then maybe Andre can give you his perspective over other company. We do see the continued share improvements as we continue to go forward. I mean, in Q4, you saw that misadjusted share actually improved by 20 basis points. And when you look at the market share that is now misadjusted in December, it actually was flat. And what we're seeing is that the bet that we're making in terms of continuing to invest in our businesses in terms of renovating our key products, making sure we're invest in innovation, make sure we invest in our marketing, that actually is paying us. So when you see that in terms of those particular platforms and brands that we want to continue to drive our growth are, in fact, driving the share improvements as well, whether that is in places like Lunchables, in places like Kraft Cheese, in places like Heinz Ketchup, Mac & Cheese, all those going to drive actually positive shares as you look at Q4. So for us is, how do we continue to make sure we're built on those. At the same time, that we are also making sure we have relatively the potential still some supply chain constraints that we have in a couple of categories. So for us, it's making sure that as we are driving the investments that we're making in the brands, that those are, in fact, already transferring into share improvements and now making sure that we are continuing to support the brands that are still a little bit challenged in terms of supply chain so that we can, in fact, unleash the continued growth of our retail environment. 
Miguel Patricio: Andre, do you want to talk about is there anything you would like to add from an international standpoint on this question?
Andre Maciel : Probably the only thing is that we have to look a bit of different regions, right? Because I mean in Europe, indeed, the situation is a bit tougher from a private label perspective, growing more. I mean the price gap has been widening, although the private label has been put in price the same, but the gap has been widened. I mean, we have put a lot of initiatives in place like relaunching value brands where we are not like we didn't have to -- like HP being an example, that is in the fast process category. So -- and then also do a lot of activities in price spec architecture. So this is like -- it's really keeping us strong, especially versus branded competition. But then in the rest of the world, in emerging markets, specifically, you don't see that much of private label issue and we continue to gain share.
Miguel Patricio : Okay. Yes. Just to put it in perspective, retail in Europe is about 5% of our business, and that's what Rafael was talking about. I just want to add to these points that 2/3 of our growth are coming from emerging markets and from foodservice. And on these two channels, we continue gaining share and growing in a very, very positive way, double digit?
Operator: Our next question comes from Stephen Powers with Deutsche Bank. 
Stephen Powers : Two questions. The first one is on service levels and fill rates. On Slide 16, you got -- you show how you've seen improvement in the fourth quarter, really every month within the fourth quarter. I guess question is -- number one on this is, just has that improvement continued into '23 thus far? And what have you really assumed sort of as the base case for '23 relative to the ultimate goal of getting back to the high 90s. Is that an assumption in the guidance? Or is that more of an aspiration to have some less than allowances in the outlook?
Carlos Abrams-Rivera : It's Carlos. Let me comment. So to give you a perspective, I guess, the way we see it kind of in North America, as you said, we are, in fact, seeing progress in our supply chain and our service level. In fact, when I look at December numbers, those were the highest service levels we had across the entire year. Now at the same time, we are still seeing the industry having continued to see some challenges, particularly upstream when you think about ingredients and some packaging materials. Now as we go forward, our goal is, in fact, to get to the kind of service levels that our customers and we did towards the end of the year.  I think for us, what we are seeing is that the recovery in some of the ingredients and packages, it comes in very asymmetrical. So if you think about for us, we're still with the remnant of the avian flu and the impact that, that had in terms of the industry, in some of our business in [indiscernible] and in places like in our cream cheese soft business where some packaging materials have been a challenge. And those -- so those are the type of things that now we're working through. It's places where, in fact, while most things are beginning to come in the terms of more stable supply chain, there are still a couple of places where we are seeing some of those kind of challenges. At the same time, our team is making sure that we are adapting to every situation that's happening. And I'll give you an example of that, which is, as you saw, the price of eggs go so high, we need to make sure that we also are adapting the products that go with eggs. So a product like Just Crack an Egg, we need to make sure we actually brought down the inventories to make sure that understand that consumers may not be having a reduced demand on that type of product. So we are both focused on how do we make sure we continue to drive that service levels towards the 98%, which is our goal. And then secondly is making sure that as we do that, we are agile in term responding to those specifically ingredients that may be challenged in the short term, but that we see improving significantly as we exit 2023.
Stephen Powers : Okay. Great. If I could follow up also -- sorry. 
Miguel Patricio : Go ahead.
Stephen Powers : I was just going to ask if I could follow up on the elasticity point that you've been talking about. You also exited the year with elasticity sort of at their most favorable point, just kind of going off the data on Slide 9. You've obviously talked about assumption of those elasticities sort of normalize directionally through '23. I guess the question is just what's your base case assumption of the pacing of that normalization? And you talk about an ultimate assumption of not going all the way back to historical elasticity. So just how do we think about that as we expect '23 to be sort of the mirror image of '22 from an elasticity standpoint? Or any more color you can offer around that would be great.
Miguel Patricio : Andre?
Andre Maciel : Yes. So look, as we have said, right, we contemplated the guidance that elasticities gradually go back to the historical levels, and we expect historical levels in the guidance to be established towards the end of the year. And we expect Q1 to be the way that we contemplated now to be a little worse than it was in Q4, and again, it goes -- if you want to think about that linearly going back to historical levels towards the end of the year. There are obviously things that we keep a close eye on, like we are obviously fully aware and have put the actions in place on its net reduction in the subsidies, which is happening when that has implications and we are ready for that. So I mean we are monitoring each of those things, right? But we believe that elasticities will normally graduate back to the historic plans.
Andre Maciel: Carlos, do you want to say anything about the actions that you're taking?
Carlos Abrams-Rivera : Yes, I think for us, Andre said, we have seen this coming. So for us, it's making sure that we continue to provide great value to consumers regardless of the situation they're in. And I think as I mentioned earlier, for us, it is making sure we use kind of the full price size architecture in terms of options for consumers so that make sure that we also maintain them in the franchise. And that we talked about in terms of our promotion levels, we're using much more rigorous way in which we can understand the ROIs of investments so that consumers are looking for particular events, whether it's certain key holidays and so forth. We are present but in a way that actually allows us to be in a much more positive ROI than in the past. So it is part of what we see. And like Andre said, in North America, we have seen -- our stance right now is that by the end of the year, we'll go back to historical levels. And we are -- that's the way kind of rebuilding our guidance as we think about 2023. 
Anne-Marie Megela: Operator, we will take one more question. 
Operator: Sure. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Michael Lavery with Piper Sandler.
Michael Lavery : I just wanted to drill into your foodservice growth pillar a little bit more. In Slide 13 or 12, I guess it is interesting with some color here. Can you just unpack a little bit of how you're gaining share relative to competitors? Is it new items in existing customers? Is it broadening your distribution into new accounts? And -- is it -- are those customers gaining share? I'm sure there's some components of maybe a few different things. But what's the primary driver of outperformance there?
Miguel Patricio: Michael, we are having a great momentum in foodservice across the globe, both on U.S. and -- or North America and the international zone. So I will ask Carlos and then Rafael to comment.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera : Yes. And I would say North America, I would say, is -- in the items that you mentioned, it's all of them. So we grew in the Q4, we grew about almost more than 20%, and we actually gained share. And for me, the way I kind of look at it is the investments that we have put in place are paying us. So we have put new leadership in place. We have simplified our portfolio significantly, reducing almost 50% of the number of SKUs that we had only a couple of years ago. We have renovated our foodservice portfolio. We're bolstering kind of our sales team to make sure they drive distribution in the right places. And more importantly, we're also investing in capacity to make sure we support that growing demand.  So as we look forward -- and just to give you a sense of the opportunity here is we still are only in 25 or top 50 QSR in the U.S. So we know that everything that we're doing continues to be an opportunity for us to further drive growth. And then going back specifically to your question is already what we have seen is that we are in fact expanding distribution across all areas of foodservice. We are winning with distributors. So we're actually expanding with key distributors at present. We're actually also expanding with no commercial accounts. So if you think about hospitalities and particular distributors who service those kind of non-commercial businesses, we have also made an effort against those, and those are working. We have expanded in new restaurants, with things like Fast Casual, think about from -- that is a type of restaurants that we actually have now increased the number of items we sell into them. And QSR, which continues to be a focus for us as a company. From Papa John to Pollo Tropical are places in which we are actually now expanding the number of SKUs we sell into. So it's an area that we continue to be bullish on, and we -- and why one of the places that we feel that we can be winning globally. And with that, I mean Rafael, if you want to build on the...
Miguel Patricio: Before, Rafael, I'll just build on one thing Carlos mentioned. One of the reasons of our improvement in growth as well is capacity. We've been investing throughout these years on capacity on foodservice, and we continue to do so. So now in May, we will have an extra 25% capacity in the U.S. on pouches and we'll have 50% more capacity on paper and squeeze, which are absolutely critical items for the growth of foodservice. With that in mind, Rafael, please go ahead. 
Rafael Oliveira : Sure. Carlos, has been already said about our bright spot of foodservice. And I guess you'll see next week on CAGNY, we're going to go deeper on the reasons for success. But I would say two things that are adding up on the international front where we are winning. And indeed, they are growing a lot and winning big timeshare in foodservice. One is global partnerships. We're really leveraging our scale and then global capabilities to offer our partners like more insights and customized solutions. Remember, many times, we compete with local players, but we're having this global insight makes a big difference for us to test innovation on market and when successful scale up to additional markets. And we've been building this model and replicating consistently across the globe and its working really well. The second point is what we call the chef-led model. I mean that could be called our secret sauce, let's say, in foodservice. The strategy evolves around like talent chefs. I mean, basically, if you don't have a chef it's very easy to be on a discussion of price-led discussion basically transactional only. And when we bring our chef to the conversation, we're really partnering with the customers in different needs identifying menu concepts fit for their specific projects. And those two things, although sometimes basic, like the execution, the perfect execution of it is whats driving the foodservice.  And just to remind within international foodservice still, although growing very strongly, it's 1/3 smaller as a percentage of the faced attrition than in the U.S. So although like we say size of the business comparable, we mean like we have a lot of room to grow in foodservice. So definitely, we hope we're going to continue to see very good strong success with this within the next quarters and years.
Miguel Patricio : Thank you, Rafael. On a nutshell, I would say that on foodservice, I think in the past, we were very transactional, and we define this as one of the strategic pillars for us for growth, and we've been investing on talent, with technology, on people, on portfolio and it's paying off. I mean we are very excited with that. Anne-Marie?
Anne-Marie Megela : Yes. So that will wrap up our Q&A session. Thank you all for your call. I am going to turn it over to Miguel for some closing comments.
Miguel Patricio : I just want to say that we continue to be very excited about what we are doing. We see our transformation evolving. The journey still very far from finishing but we are evolving every day. And why are we so excited? We are excited because we see the momentum building service level up, market share, especially in the growth platform is growing. Foodservice and emerging markets are gaining market share and with a great momentum. Second, we see a very different level of agility in our company. We have today a very agile organization that is able to change, to adapt, to predict much better than in the past. We are investing to grow. Gross margin expansion feeds investments in technology, in people, in marketing, in R&D. We are excited as well because we anticipated pricing and today, we have 99% of all our pricing for 2023 already announced. We have about 95% of our pricing already accepted, and we have about 90% already implemented. And so the way we see it, we'll continue delivering quarter-after-quarter year-after-year.  With that, thank you so much for your attention, and I expect to see you on CAGNY next week. I think we have a lot of excitement to share with you. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's presentation. You may now disconnect, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-10-26 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Kraft Heinz Company Third Quarter Results. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I'd now like to hand the conference over, Anne-Marie Megela, Global Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Anne-Marie Megela: Thank you, and hello, everyone. This is Anne-Marie Megela, Head of Global Investor Relations at the Kraft Heinz Company, and welcome to our Q&A session for our third quarter 2022 business update. During today's call, we may make some forward-looking statements regarding our expectations for the future, including related to our business plans and expectations, strategy, efforts and investments and related timing and its expected impacts. These statements are based on how we see things today, and actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. Please see the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in today's earnings release, which accompanies this call as well as our most recent 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K filings for more information regarding these risks and uncertainties.  Additionally, we may refer to non-GAAP financial measures, which exclude certain items from our financial results reported in accordance with GAAP. Please refer to today's earnings release and the non-GAAP information available on our website at ir.kraftheinzcompany.com under News and Events for a discussion of our non-GAAP financial measures and reconciliations to the comparable GAAP financial measures. Before we begin, I'm going to hand it over to our CEO, Miguel Patricio, for some brief opening comments.
Miguel Patricio: Well, thank you, Marie, and thank you, everyone, for joining us here today. We are excited. We are proud. We delivered another quarter of strong results. And as we see consumer demand remaining strong and analytic elasticities, they continue to hold. We see our portfolio of iconic brands strong and very adequate for the moment that we are living. And we continue investing in these brands and seeing that this investment is paying off. Yet at the same time, we realize we know that supply chain remains challenging, particularly with inflation and material shortages. I'm proud of the teams as they continue to anticipate and adapt to these challenges, where we improved capacity and we're able to meet demand, we actually gained share. At the same time, we continue to advance our transformation, then including modernizing our marketing and transforming our portfolio.  As we look ahead, we continue cautiously optimistic. We are providing our consumers with solutions that they value, and we continue to unlock efficiencies and reinvest in the business. All of which makes us stronger and positions us well for whatever challenges are still to come.  With that, we are very happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Andrew Lazar with Barclays.
Andrew Lazar: Great. I guess maybe to start, the company had moderated its EBITDA expectations back in September 1, third quarter when you were already about 2 months into the quarter. Today, you not only beat those expectations, but came in above the initial guidance as well. So, what came in better than you thought? Are there any timing issues to be aware of that might impact 4Q as a result? And maybe more importantly, do these fluctuations give you any pause with respect to visibility into the business with the understanding that it's obviously still a very dynamic environment.
Miguel Patricio: Andrew, thank you for the question. Andre, you may answer this one.
Andre Maciel : So, Andrew, first of all, we -- as Miguel said at the beginning, I think we feel very excited and pleased with the results we achieved in the quarter. And I'll tell you that a lot of things happened in our favor towards the month of September. First of all, if you might remember, we have executed a new price increase in the month of August. And the elasticities turned out to be stronger than what is anticipated, which resulted in strong top line. Shipments were very good. I think our team did a great job in the month of September to be able to ship in a much better pace than earlier in the quarter, which also helped us. We end up spending less promotion also that we have initially anticipated, which is fine, as well that we're being very prudent to put all the promotions and expense in our portfolio. And finally, we did have about $30 billion of one-time gains in the P&L, 80% in costs, 20% in SG&A. And those are mostly anticipation from Q4, okay? That's what we're able to do in Q3. And obviously, we also had a little contingency, given the volatility, right? But all in all, I think we're able to have a lot of things play in our favor. I think it is a testimony here that organization is moving with the speed and reacting fast to diversities. And we delivered and maintained our guidance fully here in Q3, right? And so I think we felt confident about the number that weve put a lever and I think were just reinforcing that now by [regular thought]. And you can count on us, all is true being a transparent dialogue and being -- in a very friendly fashion, like we did back in the September when I heard the first news about the inflationary pressure.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Goldman with JPMorgan.
Ken Goldman: You mentioned that your supply chain tightness is still mostly caused by factors from your upstream suppliers. This is not an uncommon refrain. We're certainly hearing this from many of your peers. I'm just curious, can you maybe help us better understand what the specific issues are. You mentioned disruptions, I guess, on ingredients and packaging. Does this suggest that the issues are somewhat temporary. They can fade when the disruptions have passed? Or are there maybe some structural problems, I guess, that could take longer to fix?
Miguel Patricio: Carlos, I think that's related to you. Go ahead, please.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Yes. What I would say -- first of all, thank you for the question. What I'll say is that I think you can see that the environment continues to be challenging. And what I'm really proud is the fact that our team is doing a terrific job of working through the wave of challenges. So, as we speak, we are both rebuilding inventory and improving service levels, and we have done that through the quarter -- sequentially in each quarter. I think we continue to see that going forward.  I think what -- if I take a step back in terms of the overall constraints, what I see is about 80% of those challenges are really due to upstream supply distribution on ingredients and certain packaging materials. At the same time, what I'm saying is it's very asynchronistic the way they're recovering. So, you'll see that in some cases, we are moving quickly and recovering overall in our supply chain. There's a few ingredients that have been a little tighter for us. And I point to things like have affected us in the past and things like cold cuts and lunch -- I'm sorry, in cream cheese. And at the same time, even in those categories, we now have recovered and feel good about kind of our position as we go towards the end of the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane: To build on the previous 2 questions, you're kind of looking at the current environment now dealing with what you're dealing with numbers and seeing what you're seeing in the marketplace? Is there any reason that we shouldn't expect that your long-term targets, which you laid out back in -- or you talked a bit about back in September are targets that we should expect that those are achievable for 2023? Or is this environment still maybe too volatile to be in line with what your long-term targets would be.
Miguel Patricio: Andre, you may want to answer this question.
Andre Maciel : Sure. Look, as we said back in CAGNY, when we unveiled our new long-term growth for the reason, we expect to get that over the years. So think of it in terms of 3 years or so. So we feel good in our continued improvement, in our performance and we expect to continue to move towards the algorithm, the way that we have communicated back then. We are probably not ready to give any guidance around 23. But yes, the environment is still volatile. As you have been hearing from us and public promoters in the sector about supply chain volatility, which has consequences on availability and they speed up using our costs.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Growe with Stifel.
ChrisGrowe: I just had a quick question for you in relation to, you showed in one of your charts in the slide deck, private label gaining more share in your categories. It also showed Kraft Heinz doing much better in its categories as well. And as we look across the store, private label share has been up at a lesser rate over the past few months, although it seems like it's gone up a little bit more so in your categories. I just want to get a sense of if you see incremental risk in your categories from private label share gains as you take more pricing where you have more pricing that's been put in place? And then just any change in your thoughts on elasticity in relation to your pricing, which has been very favorable for your business? 
Miguel Patricio: Andre, do you want to answer the question?
Andre Maciel : Sure. Thanks for the question. On private label, a few things. First of all, as we have been continuously reiterating our exposure to private label have reduced significantly after the [diversion] mid last year. So now the average market share in our portfolio is about 11%, wherein across food and beverage is 20%. So that were not impacted. Second, during the past 3 years, as part of our transformation, we have been directing a lot of our effort and energy around the core. So resources have moved that. We have been renovating the core in a very systematic way, so our portfolio is stronger. Third, the private label have been increasing the price together with the rest of the players. So as recent as the last 4 weeks, including already 3 weeks of October looking at sellout data, our sellout price is about 17% up, whereas private label is 16% up. So price gaps are widely preserved. You might have seen as well in 1 of this calendars we provided that comparing Q2 to Q3, the price gap with private label remains the same. So we do not see any category where our price gap expanded versus private label except to Ketchup and Lunchables, which honestly the interaction is limited, and we gained share in both of these categories. So yes, I think we feel good about that. We don't want to be even over optimistic that depending on how consumers eventually shifts behavior in a very drastic way, things can change, but there is no indication of that as of right now. And honestly, I mean, despite all the environment, food is proving to be very resilient. The brands are being very resilient. And with unemployment today we see right now, when I was here back in 2008, 2011, we only had this accelerated shift in behavior, but unemployment starts to go up, which is far from the reality today. 
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Yes. And I think what I would say is we have continued to invest in the equity of our brands, which if we think about the fact that companies really don't have pricing power brands, have pricing -- pricing power. So the investments we have made with the quality of the marketing we have improved here at Kraft Heinz and the commitment we have to continue to invest in our brands going forward, also give us some confidence as we continue to manage through the current environment. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Alexia Howard with Bernstein.
Alexia Howard: I mean looking at the lineup of products on Page 19 of the presentation, and they really do seem to be meeting the moment in terms of the consumer need for convenience and affordability. But I'm just wondering about your thoughts on the recent White House Conference on Hunger Health and Nutrition that happened last month for the first time in 50 years, I think. And there were a lot of initiatives coming out of that with respect to Front of Pack labels, a very tight definition of what a healthy food is, educating consumers and health professionals on the importance of good nutrition. And I wonder just how you -- it may be too soon, but how you're thinking about those types of developments in the industry over the coming months and years? And how that might shape your plans for innovation and the portfolio going forward? And I'll pass it on.
Miguel Patricio: Let me -- I'm glad to start answering this question and then since Carlos wants to complement. Nutrition is part of our long-term strategy. It's part of our agenda. It is a very important part of our ESG goals for the future. We've been renovating our portfolio throughout the years, reducing or eliminating dies and artificial ingredients. And we have global agenda, a very specific agenda on reducing salt and sugar, which are 2 critical things in our portfolio that we have a responsibility to do.  We are on the way to achieve the targets that we put in place until 2025. I mean just to give you an example, we changed the formulation of our Capri Sun this year. We reduced 40% of sugar content, and that's -- to put it in perspective, just that is 40 million pounds of sugar per year that we reduced. We continue committed to that for the short, the medium and the long term to make our products more nutritious.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: But I would add to Miguel's point, which I think is right on, is the fact that this is a commitment we have for the long term. Every single time we are renovating our portfolio, we're putting in kind of the view of how do we continue to improve our products overall, not just because it's the right thing to do, but also because that's what consumers want us to do. So I think that is happening and obviously, you can see it very clearly in terms of commitment to sugar reduction, salt reduction, we continue to work with communities and improving the food and security situation. And this is something that as a company we are committed to and we'll continue to as we go forward.
Miguel Patricio: We are buyer of tomatoes and beans. And in the heart, we are agricultural company. And we've been investing a lot in that sense in client base. I mean you see what we are doing in Europe with our beans with a project of launching new beans based products with Heinz Beanz Burgerz, with Heinz Beanz [Hams], Protein Pots and a portfolio of innovation for the next 5 years related to that. And here in the U.S., we are very proud to announce this week that we are launching our plant-based cheese, which by the way, is an incredible product, very different from what is in the market. It melts, it tastes like cheese, it smells like cheese and melts like cheese and its very different from everything that is in the market. So we're absolutely committed on the nutritional agenda.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stephen Powers with Deutsche Bank.
Stephen Powers: I wanted to ask on gross margin progression. Across the consumer goods space broadly, I think we're beginning to see more signs an evidence of gross margin stabilization, if not recovery, with results across many companies either coming in ahead of consensus expectations or improving sequentially or even starting to improve year-over-year. And every portfolio is obviously different, but you're not yet in that position. So I am curious as to how you're thinking about the progress of gross margin? What kind of framing of expectations we should have going into the fourth quarter? And the prospects for improvement as we build into fiscal '23?
Miguel Patricio: Andre, you may answer this question, please. 
Andre Maciel : Sure. Thanks for the question. Look, we have been -- as we said all along, have pricing to protect the dollar inflation, so dollar for dollar, and we have been doing that now for the second quarter in a row. So both in Q2 and now in Q3, price was in line with inflation and price plus gross efficiencies was ahead of inflation. Given that we had in Q3 as we initially said back in September, some incremental pressure in selected places and we took action already on it, there is this continuous lag in effect. So we expect Q3 to be the bottom of our gross margin, and you should expect to see a sequential improvement in Q4 in comparison to Q3. 
Operator: Our next question comes from David Palmer with Evercore ISI.
David Palmer: Just a follow-up on some of the supply chain stuff. Your case fill rates in your slide deck, you say -- they were in the low 90s in the third quarter, and that's better than the high 80s than it was in the first quarter. But I was slightly surprised to see that, that fill rate was the same as 2Q. Is that a result of that upstream supplier effect that you're talking about. And I'm wondering how you're thinking about progress there. Is that -- is that some -- do you have visibilities to getting that fill rate back? I'm sure you want to get back to the high '90s. And what -- when could we expect bigger leaps and improvement in fill rates?
Miguel Patricio: David thanks for the question. Carlos, please.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Yes. Listen, what I'll say is that exactly what you said, it is connected to the availability of certain ingredients in the -- of the upstream. But at the same time, our commitment with our customers is continue to improve that. I'll tell you that as we continue to navigate the situation in terms of those capacity constraints, what I'll say is that we also are looking to see how we lead with the capacity that we have available to us. And let me give you a couple of examples of how we're doing that.  We actually are ingesting data directly from our customers in a way that allows us to better deploy our inventory to reduce out of stocks. We started that with a pilot with 1 particular retailer and that allows us to actually reduce the amount of inventory by 40%. The out-of-stocks in their stores, by 40% in a period of about 8 weeks. We now have expanded that program and now we're ingesting more data from different customers that allows you to then make sure that we are then putting the right inventory in the right stores and green the right signals into our production so that we can maximize the availability capacity that we have in our plants.  So we're both working upstream with suppliers, but it's also us being smarter and better capabilities internally to deploy our inventory to improve overall service levels, which we're committed to do. Thanks for the question.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Baumgartner with Mizuho.
John Baumgartner: Miguel, I was wondering if you can touch on the nice rehearsal you had in Q3 regarding market shares relative to your branded competition. How would you break that down between the benefits from some of the supply chain constraints easing, the pricing differentials in the market as opposed to how much of that is derived from just underlying changes to your execution in the market on more of a like-for-like basis, and how sustainable do you think that performance will be in the share gains versus brands going forward?
Miguel Patricio: Thanks for the question. So let me give you my perspective, and then Carlos can go further on that answer, right? We are excited to keep the levels of market share even with the problems that we continue facing on supply. I mean, we would be gaining a lot of share if we would not be facing still shortages on raw materials. A good proof of that is like Capri Sun and Lunchables, where in the previous quarters, we had problems with supply charters of raw materials we lost this year, and now we are in rocket -- record share gains on these 2 brands. So I actually am optimistic that we can move further on market share. Carlos, please? 
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Yes. I would say to build on Miguel's point, this is a combination of the continuing investments that we have made in renovating our brands, investment in improving the quality of our marketing communication. And then, as you said, unlocking some of the capacity in some key brands. I think the example Miguel gave around Lunchables and Capri Sun in which we saw the improvement on inventory and CFR and then our ability to actually then go into market and then drive event-based promotions that allows to then continue to grow those particular categories during the back-to-school period, which was basically a phenomenal result for us in terms of performance. As we go forward, when you see the places that continue to have challenges in terms of capacity, we know that once we unlock those we also have opportunity to then continue to grow our consumption as we go forward. And those, as I said before, areas like our Cold [indiscernible] and Cream Cheese that are slowly getting into better positioning our inventory. And now as we go into the holidays, making sure we protect the ability to then go into those event-based promotions we were doing the time of year that consumers are really looking for our brands.  So when you take a step back, I will say, is a great combination of the work we have done over the last 1.5 years for us to improve internally the equity of our company. And at the same time now, see the benefit of us being able to now go back into the marketplace in a more aggressive way that allows to then continue to drive consumption and whole penetration on our brands.
Anne-Marie Megela: Operator, we have time for one more question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Lavery with Piper Sandler.
Michael Lavery: I just wanted to come back to the foodservice opportunity you've called out. And I think specifically, you said roughly half of the top 50 QSRs are distribution opportunities for you. Can you just give us a sense of maybe what's kept you from already being in some of those accounts? How sticky are those relationships? And what's sort of realistically the expectations or how many of those could come your way?
Miguel Patricio: I would ask Carlos to answer that question, and then Rafael is maybe with us on this call to present for International zone, where we have a great momentum in food service, by the way.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Yes. But I think let me start with the comment Miguel just made. I think if you look at our business in the North America and year-to-date, we're growing and growing market share. So we feel very good about our performance so far. And what I will tell you is, for us, it's a critical channel as we go forward. It is one that we really have thought about how do we continue to transform the organization internally. So we have done things like changing the leadership and reorienting our focus from operators to advance distributors -- we have done things like making sure that our food service now has a different role within North America zone that is from what we used to see as basically a stable contributor to now a growth driver. We have simplified and renovated the portfolio. I'll tell you that we have reduced about half of our SKUs that we had in 2019. At the same time, we have improved quality. And then finally, we continue to enhance our overall distribution, overall. Now part of the point that you made around how do we continue to unlock some of the opportunities we have in QSR is us continue to invest in the capacity of the business. So we're also making strong investments in CapEx in order for us to support the opportunity for us to continue growing in our foodservice channel. Over the last 2 years, that number is over $100 million we have invested, so that allows us now the opportunity to have those conversations with QSR in a way that truly unlocks opportunities for us to continue growing. Now that's a view of North America.  Let me pass it out to Rafael to give you a view also of on international side.
Rafael Oliveira: Yes. Look, it's not very similar to that. The opportunity in foodservice is significant. And you can see it has been a core pillar for our results in the last few years, and the quarter is no different. You can see that the numbers we released, we are growing actually very fast and twice the size of the industry, twice the rate of the industry. So you can attribute that part of it was the slowdown that happened during the pandemic. A lot of the -- across international, we do compete with some global players but also with some local players and a lot of them specialize in foodservice that during the pandemic, they suffer a lot and some of them either went bankrupt or had to downsize significantly their operations. We didn't. We maintained the same level of investments and consequently coming out of the pandemic in most of the countries across the world, I mean, we are riding ahead of it. So we continue to be excited. I mean, QSR is the core. Our products, especially within the sauces environment goes very hand-in-hand with the QSR industry, and we still have a long way to go. I mean our estimate with the data available that we are about between 3% and 4% market share of the sauces category of food service. So there is significant room ahead. And we are going to continue to do that, driving our chef-led model, where we have invested in chefs that partner with those customers, driving innovations that have been very well received. So it should be a continuous source of growth, sustainable growth for us.
Anne-Marie Megela: Thank you, Operator. I'm now going to hand it over to Miguel for some closing commentary.
Miguel Patricio: I would like to finish with a quote. A quote from a famous legendary car racer on Formula 1 that once said, "If it's raining, I can pass 15 cars. But when it's sunny, I cannot." Let me tell you, it's not raining, it's pouring. But we are super excited at this moment because we are seeing this as a great moment of opportunity. And we've been able to navigate through the uncertainties of the short term and adapt and rebuild very fast at the same time that we are continue building our future. We are excited with what we have ahead of us. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's presentation. You may now disconnect, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-07-27 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Kraft Heinz Company Second Quarter Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I'd now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Anne-Marie Megela. Please go ahead.
Anne-Marie Megela: Thank you, and hello, everyone. This is Anne-Marie Megela, Head of Global Investor Relations at the Kraft Heinz Company, and welcome to our Q&A session for our second quarter 2022 business update. During our remarks today, we will make some forward-looking statements that are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ due to risks and uncertainties, and these are discussed in our earnings release and our filings with the SEC. We will also discuss some non-GAAP financial measures today during the call, and these non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered a replacement for and should be read together with GAAP results. And you can find the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our earnings release and the supplemental materials posted at ir.kraftheinzcompany.com. Before we begin, I'm going to hand it over to our CEO, Miguel Patricio, for a few quick opening comments.
Miguel Patricio: Well, thank you, Anne-Marie and thank you everyone for joining us today. I wanted to acknowledge the fact that we are living under a lot of uncertainty in what regards the external world. And in that sense, I want to thank my team and to congratulate my team for delivering another quarter of very solid results. Although, we are mindful of the current inflationary environment and how it affects our consumers and our customers, but we continue to develop solutions that benefit our consumers and our retailers. Our relationships with retailers continue to strengthen, and we have improved inventory and service levels, so we can have now more optionality to execute more mutually strategic programs. Well, with that, we are happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Bryan Spillane from Bank of America. And your line is now open.
Bryan Spillane: All right. Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone. I had just one clarification question and then a second question. The first one, just as a clarification. Andre, in the slide deck, I think it's slide 27, where you talk about the there's a portion or a section in there about gross margin and it shows gross margin at 30.3%. Just want to make sure that that is not adjusted, right? So, that's just your gross margin. I think, as we did the adjusted gross margin calculation, it was like 31.5%. So, just wanted to clarify that, that margin that you're -- that you put in slide deck is reported not adjusted.
Andre Maciel: Good morning, Bryan. Thanks for the question. Very good, by the way. So, yes, you are right. So, this is the GAAP gross margin. So, to get adjusted, we need to increase this number by 110 basis points due to the change of realized hedge on commodities. Okay. And in fact, if we adjust for that, our margin in Q2 is pretty much in line with the margin in Q1.
Bryan Spillane: Okay.
Andre Maciel: And if you compare to prior year, you would see an expansion of margin if were not for the dilutive impact of repricing to offset inflation.
Bryan Spillane: Okay. Thank you for that. And then, my question is just in the prepared remarks, Miguel, you talked a little bit about, I think there's still being supply chain pressures in the back half of the year and -- or currently I suppose. And if I recalling last year where part of what happened in the U.S. was, you had some supply chain issues and they affected service levels, especially around the holidays. Are -- I guess, does the guidance assume that there's still going to be some pressure there and that you won't be fully merchandised for the holidays? Or are we -- are you in a position where you can be more fully sort of supplied and merchandised at the holidays in the U.S.?
Miguel Patricio: Okay. Bryan, I think that since your question is addressing more of the U.S., I will pass it to Carlos.
Bryan Spillane: Okay. Thank you.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Thank you, Miguel. I think, first of all, thank you for your question. The reality is that we have continued to improve our production and our service levels as you saw in the presentation. And now that we are approaching kind of the low 90s in terms of service in Q2, they're going to allow to continue to focus on driving the right kind of levels of both service and inventory with our retailers. So, for us, it's important to see the continued progression that we have, and we don't anticipate that to actually going against us as we go forward. In fact, what we are going to continue to see as we go into Q3 and Q4 is the continued expansion of our service. And as a result, the continued improvement in terms of our performance. We saw that in Q2, where in fact, we have able to kind of unlock opportunities within, for example, brands like Philadelphia or Heinz Ketchup, both of which had record shares, in fact, higher share, they ever had in both of those businesses. So, I think as we go forward, we always going to continue to improve our position.
Bryan Spillane: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. And we'll take our next question from Ken Goldman from JP Morgan. Mr. Goldman, your line is open.
Ken Goldman: Hi, everybody. Thank you. You mentioned in the prepared remarks that you have the optionality now to execute more, I think, called it mutually strategic programs with retailers. Now that your service levels are in a better place, I just wanted to clarify, number one, is there any major difference between a mutually strategic program and just a really good promotion? That's more than just a discount. Maybe it's just something more in depth or creative than a usual promotion. I just wanted to kind of clarify that definition. And then, the second part of that is I wanted to ask if you're confident that these programs, if you do implement them, that they're being driven from a position of strength, right? Whereby you're doing them because you're able to versus maybe from a position where you're doing it, because the consumer in a position of weakness themselves is demanding it. Thank you.
Miguel Patricio: Okay. Ken, I'll give you two examples of these programs that, because we have now much better service levels we can have. So, I'll give you two examples. One is what we call the Art of the Burger, has been a very successful program, especially now during summertime when people barbecue more. And when we can put together our sauces, our teas, together with the bonds of supermarket chains, it has been very good and very well accepted by our customers. I'll give you another example in a moment like this, that we are exploring value propositions, with together -- with customers, I'll give you example of grilled cheese. You can have a grilled cheese for less than $1. And we do programs with our customers putting together our cheese, our mayo, and with their brand as well, right? So, these are just two examples of bringing value, the value proposition, and the customers are receiving. This is extremely well. And this is bringing a little bit of creativity that had never used thinking about value or bringing the value of our products to life together with the customers.
Ken Goldman: And then the second part -- thank you for that. The second, doing this, I guess, from a position where you feel it's from strength rather than -- maybe because the consumer is demanding it a little bit. I just wanted to make sure about that. And I -- maybe you answered that a little bit with the second part of that, talking about the value proposition promos, but just curious for your thoughts there.
Miguel Patricio: I'm not -- the other thing I would say here, Ken, is on stickiness we continue to have very productive conversations with our customers in a way that makes sense for both of us. But 
Ken Goldman: Great.
Miguel Patricio: We feel very positive about it. We are excited with the momentum that we have with our customers and with our consumers.
Ken Goldman: Understood. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll take our next question from Andrew Lazar from Barclays. And Mr. Lazar, your line is open.
Andrew Lazar: Thanks very much. In the slide deck, you provided a breakdown of categories that are sort of more and less sensitive to price gaps with private label. I think 15% of sales are in categories that are more sensitive where gaps are increasing. And I'm just curious, how do you approach these businesses in terms of balancing share and profitability? Do you take the necessary price to protect profit and deal with the short-term pressure on share or protect share and sort of take the short-term profit hit? And you talk about another 25% that are sensitive to private label gaps, but currently stable. And I guess, if those were to expand from here, I guess what gives you confidence you can manage this bigger segment in the context of your sort of growth algorithm? Thanks so much.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Well, let me start this, I think, Andrew, the question specifically to the U.S., so I'll take a shot. I think for us the reality is that even as we think about those businesses, there may be, as you saw, a very small part of our portfolio is just more exposed to private label. One of the things that were actually doing is working differently in terms of how we offering consumer solutions in a moment in which they're looking for different choices across the spectrum of economic development of consumers. So, one of the things we're actually looking at is how we actually allow consumers to stay in our iconic brands because of the number of ranges of our products across our pricing ladder, whether that is -- and let me give you an example, something like Oscar Mayer in which we have from natural to deli fresh to regional Oscar Mayer, that allows consumers actually for, to have an option in which to actually stay within our brands. Knowing that over the last couple of years, we've actually been renovating many of our iconic brands and investing behind it. So, we have improved the quality. We have improved the renovation of those brands in a way now that makes our brands even more valuable to consumers. And frankly, we're seeing that already play out. We see that, for example, you have a product like Kraft Mac & Cheese portfolio in which we also have that kind of full array of products across pricing ladder that in Q2 you saw us gaining share as well. So, for us, it's about being strategic about how we think about leveraging the entire portfolio that we have in a way that allows us to continue to offer consumers different approaches in terms of options.
Miguel Patricio: And it's really category-by-category, right? So, even in the 15% where the prices are expanding, the stories are very different. Like instead cheese, similar to cold cuts, we do have a very good price ladder. We have the VELVEETA license and the floor effects even priced at or below private label. We have the Kraft Singles and we have the Deluxe. And we're actually gaining share, so in the last several months, so it's working quite well for us. In Ore-Ida, for example, we have the partnership with Simplot that is now starting and that to unlock a lot of capacity later in the year, which will allow us to start to promote more of these brands, which we haven't been able to do in a consistent manner for years. So, it's really category-by-category. We monitor this very close and makes sense that -- we are doing something that makes sense for both top and bottom line.
Andrew Lazar: Thank you.
Miguel Patricio: Thank you, Andrew.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from Chris Growe from Stifel. And your line is now open. Mr. Growe, please make sure your line is not on mute.
Chris Growe: Can you hear me now?
Operator: Yes, sir.
Chris Growe: Thank you. I just had a quick question for you, if I could, around the revenue growth in the quarter outpacing consumption. I was just curious how much of that was Foodservice strength, for example, and maybe the non-measured channels versus actual inventory rebuilding. I think this kind of fits with an earlier question around, do you see product availability as a constraint for the third and fourth quarter performance in the second half, or is that behind us now is what I'm ultimately trying to get to? Thank you.
Andre Maciel: I think it's a combination of these factors. So, Foodservice, as you have seen in our presentation, is growing north of 20%. So -- and that represents roughly 30% of our total revenue. In non-measured channels in the U.S., we have been doing very well in club and dollar, actually been gaining share we are to date in those two channels, because we are already prepared for a gradual shift toward those channels. And we have been guiding what month announced in Q1, in fact, in Q2 was very minor. So, I think it's not attributed for the first two. Regarding service levels, as you have seen, we are still in the low 90s, where the ideal level is in the high 90s. So, we still have virtual. Obviously, it's got the average of the portfolio in. Some categories are in great shape, back to the historical appropriate levels of services, some others still working through it. And even to look on shelf availability, we are much closer to the historical levels. So, if you think about shelf availability, I think you are going to see the industry like 93, 94. We are now in the 91, 92. So, we're getting there. There's still some room to grow.
Chris Growe: And would there still be some continued inventory build you'd expect at retail as you improve your service levels?
Andre Maciel: We might. Obviously, we cannot comment on how -- we don't know how we're going to measure the inventories moving forward. If you were to look capacity historical levels, yes, there could be some room for further inventory buildup.
Chris Growe: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from Steve Powers from Deutsche Bank. Mr. Powers, your line is now open.
Stephen Powers: Yes. Hey. Good morning. Good morning. Thanks. You talked about your outlook contemplating greater price elasticity negatively impacting volume and mix, I guess, over the balance of the year. Is there a way for you to help us think through the P&L impacts of lower volumes at this point? Clearly, there are many other moving parts. But all else equal, if volumes are to move lower in places where you anticipate, how material is that on margins in terms of fixed cost deleverage per unit sold? I'm just -- I'm really asking just how fixed versus variable the cost structure is at this point.
Andre Maciel: Thanks for the question. At this point, it is not really a drag because we are still building inventory. Remember, our services in the low 90s. So, as we continue to produce more than what we sell, it actually is a little positive effect at this moment. And we are monitoring the demand curves very closely. So, then, we'll also adjust our labor accordingly to make sure that we don't have an overhang down the road when we start to step down on production to make sure that we don't have more labor than needed and have this effect that you're talking about. But as of right now, this is not an issue.
Stephen Powers: Okay. Great. Thank you. And if I could, you gave some good color on the cost outlook for the remainder of 2022. I guess, I'm just curious how you see, if possible, early positioning looking out to 2023. I guess, on the one hand, you mentioned costs hopefully peaking and maybe starting to receive in some cases. But on the other hand, we're still obviously a lot higher year-over-year. And you presumably have some hedges rolling into the year that will roll-off both on commodities and currency. So, just maybe a little bit of color, if you have any, on early positioning, visibility on constant currency looking out to the first part of 2023.
Miguel Patricio: Theres still a lot of volatility out there. Yes. The costs have received it. They are still very high. We are working with different senates for next year, but I need to talk about that. See that we have been taken like price throughout the year that we wanted to have a carryover effect into next year, especially in the first half of the year. So that will help, but early to tell.
Stephen Powers: Okay. Very good. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Robert Moskow from Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Robert Moskow: Hi. Thanks. Your income statement shows losses on your derivative hedges in 2Q. I imagine that commodity inputs are now falling. And if that's right, should we assume at some point that this necessitates more counts in your existing on any specific products? And then a quick follow-up.
Andre Maciel: Yeah. So, thanks for the question. So, a couple of things. First, maybe to answer the prior question you need little bit to this one. We typically price on what -- on market changes, not on our hedges position, right? So, that's important you know that. Hope this is clear. We price based on what we're seeing out in the market, not based on what our internal pricing hedgings are. But the second thing is regarding this effect, what you see in the P&L is the change in the unrealized hedge on commodities, okay? So, it doesn't mean that the hedge is positive or negative. It just made that there was a change period over period. So, we're still having hedge gains. We had hedge gains in both Q1 and Q2. But because part of that materialized, we see this negative effect on the realized portion. But again, what is important thing is we look at the market prices and that's how we make our price decisions.
Robert Moskow: Okay. Maybe I'll follow-up. My follow-up is, I think you did shift above [technical difficulty] consumption in 2Q. And I think you said that you'd be refilling shelves in 2Q. Can you give us any number as to how much that might be just in 2Q?
Andre Maciel: The inventory effect in Q2 is very small. So, yeah, the 2Q is a very small number. And again, we don't know how retailers are going to manage their inventories. If you were to look at the levels pre-pandemic, net-net, we still have room to grow our inventory retailers. And our shop availability, as I said before, it is still a little below the historical level, which might give further indication that this is a possibility.
Robert Moskow: Yeah. Andre, I get it. But you also said you're producing above your sales. So, I don't know, is it a material amount? Or are you just -- it is. And are you refilling your own inventory then rather than retailers or?
Andre Maciel: We are now refilling our own inventory because we think -- the historical levels. And eventually, this will go to the retailers. I don't know, Carlos, do you want to add something else?
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Yeah. I mean, I would say if you look at the presentation and the fact that we are able to provide service from the low 80s to the low 90s, it's a result of us being able to actually leverage our entire supply chain in a way that now with right inventory levels in many of our categories that we can provide that service. At the same time, as Andre said, we're still in the low 90s. So, there is opportunity for us to continue to drive that to the high 90s by pushing the right level of inventories internally, so that we can actually be able to better service our customers.
Robert Moskow: Thanks. Thank you for the clarification.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll take our next question from Alexia Howard from Alliance Bernstein. Alexia, your line is open.
Alexia Howard: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Miguel Patricio: Good morning, Alexia.
Alexia Howard: Can I ask about the comments you made in your prepared remarks about the International Zone and the expansion of distribution points? It seems as though in the go-to-market areas, there's been a very material expansion of distribution points in some of those emerging markets. How do you ensure that you've got the critical mass in those new outlets to make money? I don't know whether you can give us data on how profitable you are in some of those regions. But we've seen some other companies kind of dig themselves a profit hole as they're trying to do that expansion. And I just want to find out how you're making sure that you have got guardrails on that expansion. Thank you very much and I will pass it on.
Miguel Patricio: Carlos, your view?
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Yeah. No, Alexia, thanks for the question. I mean, to be honest with you, we are extremely proud and happy with what's happening with our go-to-market model, because it's a very comprehensive model that we actually start by analyzing. It starts by where we can make money. So, it starts by looking at the gross profit of each individual either channel or submarket, let's say, traditional modern trade, I mean, depending on the region in multiple countries like you -- as you just mentioned. If you pick up Brazil where we started, Russia, China, they are very vast countries so they have the profitability that you can achieve in different regions and different channels is significant -- can be significantly different. So, we start by analyzing that, flowing through all the way to how we're going to execute the store. So, it's a very comprehensive model of very detailed analytics with execution. So, as you saw and you alluded to on the slides, we started this model in 2018 in Brazil, copied, adapted and copied to Russia, and then to China. And now we are scaling up to -- by the end of the year, we expect to have 75% of our markets into this go-to-market model. And the numbers -- the result speaks for itself. So, everywhere that we implemented the model, the growth has been significantly above the other emerging markets that are also growing. So, we will continue to roll that out. It's a model that, again, requires a lot of analytics to be profitable, but at the same time, a lot of discipline on execution to kind of keep expanding in those regions that still have a lot of distribution to begin.
Alexia Howard: Thank you.
Andre Maciel: On the profitability side, which is obviously very important, right? We don't want to make sure that we don't put a lot of people out there and we cannot have a payback on that. We're also very disciplined on it, right? So, to give an example, in Brazil, we have about, I don't know, 1 million points of sales that we could hypothetically serve. We are still in the 100,000, 130,000 and 140,000. So -- and part of that is because the limits of our scale, right? So, that's very important.  We are halfway exploring alternatives, potential partnership should actually increase the penetration in some markets. So, maybe there will be more to come in the future. But yes, profitability is also an important consideration.
Miguel Patricio: Since we are talking about Brazil, I think that -- now with the acquisition of Hemmer that is very strong in the South and Heinz is very strong in the Southeast, this gives us even a bigger opportunity to expand our distribution and the strength of our brands. We are really now with great scale in Brazil that we are very happy with how this acquisition is going and the plans that we have in place for the business there.
Alexia Howard: Great. Thank you very much. I'll pass it on.
Anne-Marie Megela: Operator, we have time for one more question.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll take our last question from David Palmer with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
David Palmer: Thanks. In your prepared remarks about gross margins, you talked about the fact that you're protecting profit dollars and not margin and that was causing 450 basis points of decline and that math makes sense. But I'm sure there's more going on underneath the surface with regard to gross margins. Supply chain, I'm sure was a friction cost and maybe there's some timing with regard to pricing versus input. So, anything that you would call out that was also a factor in gross margins that we can be thinking about even into 2023 as a comparison?
Andre Maciel: Yeah. Thanks for the question. Look, this is by very far the highest impact. But other than the need that you have the growth efficiency. Remember that you have the $2 billion that [indiscernible] have communicated and that we are on track to deliver. We delivered the first two years in line with the expectation. And year three, which is now -- we continue to be on track. So, that certainly continues. Mix effect is relatively small. It's now in the quarter, slightly positive as we continue to accelerate the growth platforms where we have higher margins. But the number in the quarter is not significant. So, really in this quarter, it's about the dilutive effect. But again, moving forward, we should expect to continue to deliver the growth efficiencies. And as we continue to price inflation, the inflation events that start to ease, that might put us in a better position for us to continue to recover the margin.
David Palmer: Thanks for that. And then, on Foodservice, the -- very impressive growth there. The over 20% growth in North America does imply something's happening there, some big market share wins. What's driving that? And is that sustainable? And I guess, you're just citing that the big global QSRs as the momentum driver for international, and that does sound sustainable in your view?
Andre Maciel: Thanks for the question. I think there are two things. One is, I want to highlight that was not in the prepared remarks that our Foodservice now in Q2 is 14% higher than Q2, 2019, which is really remarkable. There is a component of price, right? We've been pricing that channel consistent to what we've been doing in retail. So, price also has a lot to do with the growth that that we're seeing in Q2. But the volume continues to grow as we expand distribution. We have been getting market share in the -- where we have the information in developed markets in North America, Europe and Central. Regarding QSR, our strategies, I'll let Rafa talk a little bit to what we are doing on the International Zone.
Miguel Patricio: Before Rafa talks about International Zone, I just want to say that since you, Andre, compared with 2019, in 2019, Foodservice was -- it's a very transactional area for the company, was not really strategic. And it was a small part of the company that we didn't put a lot of attention. I think we have a great team today with a lot of ambition and really looking at this channel as a critical strategic channel that generates penetration of our brands across the globe. If we're having great momentum in emerging markets in part is because our consumers are getting in touch with our brands in Foodservice. And so that's a very different change in mindset. And as a consequence, the team changed, yeah, I think entirely since 2019. Rafael, please?
Rafael Oliveira: Yeah. The only thing I would complement, I mean, to build on what Miguel said, we have a say here we use the model we define for Foodservice. We call -- we own the chef, own the kitchen, own the customer. And that reflects the investments we made on chefs, because chefs are extremely important, especially on QSR, global QSRs, as you alluded, because that's how you develop recipes or LTO, limited-time offers, with those customers. And this is the door into developing -- into innovating products for them to put in their stores. So, we've invested on this capability, and this is paying off peak time, because then you develop a relationship with those customers. That takes you to a different level, that allows you to innovate, to price better to get out of commodity competition. And with that, we continue to use the channel as well to build the brand, I mean, in terms of impressions, a fantastic channel to build brand impressions. So, Foodservice is a core pillar for our growth both across International, but in the U.S. as well. And Carlos can complement that. But we've been very successful with this model of investing in chefs and parting with the customers on product development.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Yeah. I would say, Rafa, the only thing I would add here is just the fact that the model that we have, we're also looking at it at a global basis. So, the same concept of us being able to kind of -- as Miguel and Rafa pointed out, leveraging our points of distribution in away from home in order for us to kind of build our iconic brands in retail. That type of virtuous cycle is something we're going to continue and we see that paying up for us. At the same time, over the last couple of years, not only have we reorganized ourselves and focused our team in being -- having kind of the right expertise and capabilities with Foodservice, but we have also simplified our portfolio quite a bit. I can tell you that since the last two years, we have reduced the number of SKUs in the U.S. Foodservice by app. So that allows us to actually pivot to the things that really matter to our customers in a way that they can help with both in terms of providing the great service and great value in away from home. And with that, let me pass it over to Miguel for some closing remarks.
Miguel Patricio: Okay. Well, thank you all for your questions today. As you are seeing, we are a company in the midst of a transformation. We are proud of what we've done so far, very proud, but each day, we continue to improve and to evolve, and we are just getting started. We have so many opportunities ahead of us, and we are all very excited about what's to come. Thank you very much, and thank you for the continued interest in Kraft Heinz.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation and you may now disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-27 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Kraft Heinz Company Frst Quarter Results Question-and-Answer Session. I'd now like to turn the call over to your host, Chris Jakubik. You may begin.
Chris Jakubik: Thank you, and hello, everyone. This is Chris Jakubik, Head of Global Investor Relations at the Kraft Heinz Company, and welcome to our Q&A session for our first quarter 2022 business update. During our remarks today, we will make some forward-looking statements that are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ due to risks and uncertainties, and they are discussed in our earnings release and our filings with the SEC. We will also discuss some non-GAAP financial measures today during the call, and these non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered a replacement for and should be read together with GAAP results. And you can find the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our earnings release and the supplemental materials posted at ir.kraftheinzcompany.com. Before we begin, I'm going to hand it over to our CEO, Miguel Patricio, for a few quick opening comments.
Miguel Patricio: Well, thank you, Chris. I would just like to start by sharing how proud I am of our people, and the truly transformational work they continue to deliver for our company. We've seen 2 years of a lot of disruption, and they continue to successfully address the short-term challenges, at the same time that we are building the long-term advantage of our company and our brands. Our teams delivered a strong start for the year, both on top line and bottom line. We remain on strategy with the strongest growth coming from our priority platforms, brands, channels and markets. We are effectively managing our inflation, improving our supply constraints, while continuing to gain incremental efficiencies. We continue to make progress, building and deploying initiatives to accelerate our advantages in areas like becoming more agile, becoming much more creative in marketing, developing joint business plans between retail and foodservice and capacity unlocks in our Grow and Energize platforms. As you are now seeing, we are doing this through strategic partnerships with technology clients and cutting-edge innovators to accelerate our transformation and redefine best-in-class across our value chain. It is a very exciting time for Kraft Heinz and I don't think we could be better equipped to build on our momentum through what promises to remain a very challenging environment. With that, well, let's take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Andrew Lazar with Barclays.
Andrew Lazar: Chris, congratulations to you. Thank you for all the help over the -- well, too many years to quantify. I appreciate it. My question really is around retail inventory. I guess, where are you currently regarding the retail inventory rebuild versus where you want to be? And how much more opportunity might there be for shipments to exceed consumption going forward related to this dynamic, which I guess, could be somewhat of an offset, should elasticity ramp up a bit from here? And is there any indication that retailers may opt to hold more inventory going forward than they did pre-pandemic, having seen during the past 2 years how problematic out of stocks can be when there are supply dislocations?
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Andrew, this is Carlos. Let me take that one first and also, let me just echo Miguel's comment. I'm just so proud of how our teams have managed through all this and the strong start of the year is a testament to the resiliency of the teams. Now, to your questions about retail inventories, they do remain fluid. If you recall, we exited last year below normal days of inventory from a historical perspective that were both in terms of the trade and in our warehouse. And if you look at in Q1, our actual production volume was actually 10% higher than it was a year ago, and we expect that to continue through the year-end, so that we can support the inventory recovery. And in Q1, the way it looks is that we began to rebuild some of the retail inventories in certain categories. But in aggregate, we're still below historical levels. And our expectations as we continue through the year is that we'll recover our inventory levels by the end of the year, with service levels than returning to pre-pandemic levels early next year. Now, let me tell you kind of our focus going forward is going to be in 3 specific areas. One is recovering the service constrained category and focus on the key power SKUs, and as you saw, our increasing production level supports this initiative. Number 2 is improving the share of shelf and implement shelving principles. We have both detailed plans to do that and a strong collaboration with customers to do just this. And finally, creating in-store destination so that we can launch meaningful incremental interruptive innovation into the marketplace. And you are seeing this already from our award-winning Art of the Burger to creating deepen destinations and breakfast destination in-store and online that leverage our scale in partnership with retailers. Now, you asked specifically about kind of how to also think about the retailers and their inventory normalized. I would say, it's difficult to say where exactly the retail inventory level will normalize. The one thing I will kind of make you think about it is the fact that if you keep in mind that pre-pandemic levels, the inventory levels actually saw quite a bit of inventory reduction in the 2- to 3-year period prior to the pandemic. So I would say it's hard to predict, but we know that as we continue to move forward, we're building that because there's still room for us to do that. Thank you for your question.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Palmer with Evercore ISI.
David Palmer: Thank you. Interesting comments in those prepared remarks about the partnerships with Microsoft and Google. Maybe, if you can touch on those a bit more and what outcomes do you expect from those? What areas of improvement do you expect us to see, and what's first?
Miguel Patricio: Carlos, do you want to answer that question, please?
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Sure. So let me just say that part of the partnership that we're doing is really, is about supporting our AGILE@SCALEs initiatives. And for us, if you recall, when we talked in CAGNY, we talked about how AGILE@SCALE was going to help us in 3 ways. First, it was about us making sure we organize and embed and lead with agile values throughout the company. And we mentioned how we actually evolve our structure to be flatter and leaner, with multidisciplinary teams and missions to attack the largest priority. And in North America, we actually instituted a rule of 5, where only 5 levels between myself and the interposition in the business units. The second part of that, and to your question, is also that we were building a tech ecosystem to create end-to-end capabilities with leading tech companies to accelerate our solutions, to capture efficiencies and create a significant competitive advantage. What you're seeing in our partnership between whether it's in Microsoft, whether it is in a partnership with Google, it also allows them to look for those partnerships that allow us to accelerate and move to an agile scale. Because then, once we build up tech ecosystem, we can then scale up to leverage the proven solutions across -- and maximize the value creation. The reality is that we're also doing this across the entire value chain. I'm very pleased with the partnership we have with Microsoft because it's going to allow us to also look at things like areas and planning, in manufacturing, in logistics and sales and marketing that allows us to get closer to our consumer and making sure we actually are getting real-time information that we improve the customer service by improving forecast accuracy and speed, and that it generates end-to-end efficiencies with new processes, tools and structure. So as you will see, we are going to continue to look for those partnerships in which we can actually work together to accelerate our journey towards AGILE@SCALE.
Miguel Patricio: I would just like to add to what Carlos just said that these partnerships go beyond just technology. So as you remember, we announced, before the NotCo and the Simplot partnerships, these are other great examples of us to become more agile in all areas of the company. We didn't have a good pipeline of plant-based products and would take a lot of time to develop. Well, partner with a company that can bring you solutions in a record time and great quality. We didn't have a solution for our line business from a supply standpoint, well, partner with the ones that can solve quality, innovation and volume problems that we would eventually have moving forward. We'll -- these are just great examples of partnerships that will just make us more agile and faster.
David Palmer : And just on the marketing side or the actual spending side, what is your advertising as a percent of sales today in big picture? How has that shifted in terms of the percent of sales over the last few years? But also, how -- or have you shifted that spending? I would imagine, digital is a much higher percent today and give us a flavor of what you're anticipating there?
Miguel Patricio: I cant give you a better sense of the percentage of net sales, because with all these changes we are having net sales, I don't want to give you a number that is not precise. But let me tell you that it's not our intention to reduce the investments in marketing. This year will either be flat or growing, depending on how the year continues, because we want to continue investing in our brands. Our investment in digital today is about 2/3 of all our investment, about 70% of our investment. But I would say that more than even the quantity at this moment, I'm really, really impressed with the quality and how we changed the way to communicate. Today, we have, in all our views, our own development of digital marketing that gives us really the possibility of being at the speed of culture and producing from a day to another one, great quality marketing that makes us much more engaging. It is very different, the quality of marketing that we have nowadays. I don't know if you saw, but Advertising Age selected us as the best campaign of the year. It put us among the 5 best marketers in North America, and more recently, they called VELVEETA the best renovation or the best rebranding of the year. And these are all consequences of huge improvement of the quality of our marketing.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: The one thing I guess I would be also to Miguel's comment is that while it's true that we have invested in about $100 million more in marketing to 2019, our focus really has changed and is what Miguel just highlighted, we are focused very much into earned media and which actually we have seen how we have proven that increases the return on that investment. So for us is, how do we make sure that all the personalization and improved creativity that our teams are showing translating us creating more impactful campaigns that generate the earn media that improves the ROI. So it's not just the investment we make, but the amplifying effect of our investment because of the quality of the work that we're putting out. And that's why we continue on this journey. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane: I guess I wanted to ask about commodities and raw materials and not so much on cost, but just availability. Given some of the supply chain issues, I guess, that have been caused by the war in the Ukraine and some of the agricultural commodities potentially being short supply. Just -- is that a concern on your end in terms of just availability of raw materials? Have you seen it at all crop up, maybe, competitively like, smaller competitors having service issues? And then maybe, if I could just tie to that as well, given that you do have some exposure to it, just bird flu, is that something we should be worried about, given that you do grow some turkeys?
Andre Maciel: Thanks for the question. I'll get this one. Andre here. So yes, situations come up every day on the raw material and packaging materials side. So the situation continues to be challenging. And I think the teams have been out for 2 years dealing with these challenges on a recurring basis, right? It requires a lot of resilience from our team, which have been demonstrating very strongly. Now, the great thing is, despite all these challenges, we have been able, throughout the quarter, to rebuild inventories for the first time from ever since the pandemic level, and we have improved service levels. And I think we are now in a good trajectory to continue to do so into the second quarter. So despite the challenges that we continue to face in the whole market, we have been able to navigate through that. I think our scale also definitely helps on this regard. Regarding hedging, as we said before, we have been maintaining a very disciplined approach for hedging. So we haven't been speculating or trying to second guess, what's going to happen in the market. I have been maintaining our strategy to maintain a consistency. And as we mentioned, some of the commodities have been the most impacted by the Ukraine conflict, like grains, oils, energy, we are hedged on those until Q4, which put us also in a good position.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: But Bryan, the point about availability has been around for a long time now, before the war. Every day, there's one raw material that is short because the supply chain is very tight, overall. I think that in that sense, company with our scale should be able to navigate better. And there are examples every day. I mean, there's a shortage -- just as an example of Bingham, which is raw material to do cream cheese, and we have a good inventory of that. So the smaller companies will have difficulty to have access to that business. And every day, we really have to adapt every day to a new problem. I think the teams have done a great job in that sense.
Bryan Spillane: And then if you could touch just on bird flu, is that a concern at all?
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Yes. Let me touch on that then. I think first, let me give you a little bit of historical context. I mean, we have seen this before. And one thing that is different about this time around, is that we have the insight from the lessons we learned last time. As we looked at it this time around, we are flexing our portfolio to address the short-term kind of poultry disruptions. We've had some experience doing this in the past 2 years on how we actually flexed our portfolio, so we can actually be very dynamic in our response. The regions from which we buy Turkey have not been impacted so far. Now, we have seen price increases, that is true. So what we're using is our strategic sourcing network that Miguel spoke about to provide those supply and will remain agile as we go forward. And we're working closely with our retail partners so that we can navigate as the situation evolves. But again, I think we have seen that we have learned in the past, we're applying those lessons, and reality is that we're flexing our portfolio in order to navigate through this.
Rafael Oliveira: Bryan, Rafa here. Just to compliment to you, you asked about exposure to Ukraine. For us, it's negligible, it's very small, okay, the exposure to raw materials in Ukraine.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Jason English: Good morning, folks. Thanks for slotting me in. To echo the earlier sentiment, congrats, Chris. Your legend will miss you. And Marie, congrats on the escalation. Looking forward to working with you more closely going forward. To the questions I have, great to see your foodservice momentum. I think you gave 2 statistics, the growth in U.S. and growth internationally. Can you give us the blended growth rate like across all of foodservice, 12% of sales growing, what on average? And how close are you to back to pre-pandemic levels? Have we pretty much closed the gap? Is that what's driving the majority of the growth? Or is this momentum over and above the recovery from COVID?
Andre Maciel: Okay. So look, I'm not going to quote specific numbers, but both -- across international zone in North America, we are growing north of 20% on both, okay? And gaining share, as also indicated across the board, which put us in a very good position. And the way things are trending so far, it's possible that already going to be ahead of 2019 levels, the list in North America, which is also great.
Miguel Patricio: And I would add on the comments from Andre, that we are very excited with the foodservice. We see as the different from the past, there was a very transactional channel. Today, its a truly transactional -- sorry, a strategic channel for us. It's a great way for us to launch new products, to test them, to sample them with the consumers and then to leverage that sampling to the trade. In the presentation, you have a very recent example of that, but it's our intention to keep doing that through -- to through the future.
Jason English : For sure. Makes a lot of sense. And I appreciate the comment earlier on ad spend and the commitment to have it be flat, if not, up as a percentage of sales for the year. But can you unpack a little bit more on the SG&A efficiency this quarter? It's down pretty sharply year-on-year. Is that the efforts of your productivity? Or is there some unique timing dynamics that we should be aware of?
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: On the SG&A, we have in the first quarter having a onetime gain from last year that do not get repeated. So pretty much, that's what's driving the entire impairments that you're asking.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Goldman with JPMorgan.
KenGoldman: And just to echo the prior comments. Chris, thank you for all of the help, you'll truly be missed and Ann Marie, congratulations as well on the new role. I wanted to ask, you've highlighted your reduced exposure to private label in the U.S., so I don't want to suggest Kraft is at any particular risk here. I'm really just curious if you're starting to see retail customers leaning in a bit harder to their store brands recently, whether it's via incremental displays or other efforts, I guess, to try and maybe highlight for consumers some other offerings that are at lower prices. Are there any behavioral changes you're seeing from those customers?
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: So let me take that. I would say, so far, what we're seeing from private label is that they're actually increasing their prices in line with the branded players. The reality is the cost escalating for everyone. And in terms of Kraft Heinz, I mean, what I'll tell you is that we are stronger today than we have been in the past in 4 specific areas. One, we actually have relatively low private label exposure. So today, we're about 11% of the portfolio exposed to private label versus 17% just a couple of years ago. And if you think about that number of 11% versus an industry average of about 20%, it certainly puts us in an advantage situation. We're also making sure that we are launching products that are differentiated at each round of the price ladder. So whether it's entry to mainstream to premium, so that consumers can stay with our franchise as their circumstances may change. Whether it's a -- in a blue box Mac & Cheese to an Easy Mac, they have something to come into and stay with our icon brands. And we also continue to improve the product design so that we can offer better value for the money and greater ingredient flexibility, less waste and lower production cost and actually, you'll see that in our marketing also as we go forward. And then finally, we're also leveraging the breadth of our portfolio across categories so that we can provide comprehensive occasion-based solutions that the whole family can enjoy. So we are in a very good place right now in terms of our exposures, and we are seeing kind of a private label being affected by the same way that we have.
Ken Goldman: And then a quick follow-up for Andre. Andre, you mentioned that as inflation plateaus, you expect to see your margin percentage rebound. I understand that futures curves are volatile, but is there an estimate you have for when you expect your gross inflation, including hedges to have peaked? Might we be a little bit closer to that than maybe, some bears you're thinking about?
Andre Maciel: Thanks for the question. As we said before, we have been taking actions consistently to protect our margin dollars at this point. right? And we want to maintain our ability to invest in the business, as Miguel and Carlos pointed out, what is critical to us. The current percentage margin is lower than our run rate, I can tell you that, and we expect those margins to recover as costs stabilize and the price realization comes through, as re-pricing at our last batch of inflation like the whole market is. So it recovers over time. Remember as well that beyond the short term, our adjusted EBITDA margin evolution, this should remain consistent to the strategy that I have outlined before, which is to have better gross margins from variable cost efficiencies, stronger pricing mix, and that will help us to fund high investments in brands, people and capabilities. So that's what we are seeking here. So even though I cannot go to a specific time or when we are going to recover the percentage margin, that should happen over time, okay? So if you look at the pre-pandemic levels, we were in the 24% range. So
Chris Jakubik: If we can take, maybe, one more question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Moskow of Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow: Thanks for the question. And Chris, I congratulate you, and I'm jealous of you also. But I guess, my question here is, can you drill down a little bit more into -- I think the comment was that your production volume will be up 10% versus a year ago. But this is an environment where there's a lot of unknowns about elasticity. And I think a lot of your peers are expecting elasticity to really accelerate by the end of the year. So can you give me a sense as to what that 10% increase really means? And is it contingent upon what you see in the demand environment, obviously?
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Well, thank you for your question, and I think we're all jealous of Chris, by the way. What I will tell you is that we expect an increase in elasticity going forward closer to historical levels. So prices are -- everything is on the way up, and we know that most of the stimulus is gone. Now, today, we're seeing that elasticity is running about 30% to 40% below historical levels. Now, the reason we're confident about our production is that we are also growing consumption sequentially as we rebuild retail inventory levels. So understand that we are actually making the advancements, again, many of the supply chain challenges that today, are actually holding back our market share performance. That's why as we think about the Q1 production up 10%, it is to support the rebuilding that inventory levels that have been still below our historical levels. And that we feel confident about us continues into that kind of level of support.
Andre Maciel: And Rob, just to add to that. So to be clear, right? So the production in Q1 was 10%. It doesn't mean that we definitely go up 10%. We are just now ramping up production to rebuild the inventory levels at the retail and in our warehouses, okay? So we are not changing our inventory policy for the future. We just did to get to that level.
Robert Moskow: Okay. So if you're not saying that production is going to be up 10% throughout the year. I thought that was what the comment meant.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Well, it's 10% in Q1.
Robert Moskow: Right, just Q1. Okay. Last question. If volume continues to kind of be down in this, like, 4%, 5% kind of range, I think that's what your U.S. retail volume was down. Does that do anything to your fixed cost leverage at the end of the year? Or is there just going to be so much pricing it doesn't really matter what happens to the fixed cost leverage?
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Look, we -- I think that's where the inventory review discussion comes from, right, which is important. Because we are rebuilding inventories right now. So despite the volumes are being down, we still need to produce a lot to recover the inventory level. So we don't expect any relevant impact from fixed COGS in this fiscal year.
Operator: Our last question comes from Chris Growe with Stifel.
ChrisGrowe: Thank you. And Chris, congratulations to you. Just thinking, 68 or so earnings reports over those 17 years. So it's kind of crazy when you put it in those terms. I just want to ask a quick question, if I could, on the supply constraints to your volume. You outlined it in a chart, like a 50 basis point market share decline as a result of those factors. How much of a revenue burden was that in the quarter, if you can say that?
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: The pause means that it's difficult to kind of back into that right now, Chris. I think from the perspective of kind of rebuilding the inventories and then, netted against some of the supply constraints and how that translated through the shelf, in addition to the Easter shift, there's a lot of variables moving through that. So that's something we'll have to try to circle back to you.
Chris Growe: Fair enough. No problem. Go ahead.
Andre Maciel: It's a low single-digit impact, right, to revenue. But I think that the important thing is that we said in the last call, we expect it to continue to lose market share, but we expect it to improve, and we did, right? And we did it in the places where we said we would, which is mostly coming from the places where we have like a big constraint at the end of last year. And our perspective is to continue to improve the trend moving forward as the service level recovers.
Chris Growe: Okay. And just one other quick follow-on would be in relation to pricing. You had more pricing coming through in the second quarter. When you account for that pricing along with -- you've got a lot of productivity savings as well, do you believe this pricing, along with the productivity savings would be enough to offset inflation once it's in place? Are you going to sort of be caught up now with the level of inflation based on the pricing you have currently announced?
Andre Maciel: We expect -- We have been taking actions with the inflation that we have seen. And in the guidance that you have provided, we are already contemplating the inflation that we are seeing even in the forward curves, which, by the way, they have been increasing a little bit since the peak. So our -- as of right now, in the graphs provided to you, our price year-over-year will be ahead of inflation. Obviously, we are still catching up a little bit with the inflation that starts to rise at the end of last year, but on a year-over-year base, our price will be ahead of inflation.
Chris Growe: Okay. Okay. Thank you for that color.
ChrisJakubik: Great. Well, thanks, everybody, for joining us today. Let me turn it back to Miguel for a couple of closing remarks.
Miguel Patricio: I opened today's call saying that it's a very exciting time to be at Kraft Heinz, and let me tell you why we think that way. First, we are very proud because we've been able to navigate through all the uncertainties over the last 2 years, at the same time that we are building a much better tomorrow. And that's not easy in moments like this. We are a very company -- in a very different company today. We are much more growth-oriented. We have improved our portfolio mix, and today, just the platforms where we are working, and we have focused, Taste Elevation is about 30% of our business today. It's big and growing, and profitable. And just to put it in perspective, it's bigger and more profitable than McCormick, just to give you an example. We have consistent double-digit net sales growth in emerging markets. Our business in foodservice is strong and growing. And we are investing more in marketing in our brands and doing a much better job, so really, the profile in terms of growth is very different. From an efficiency standpoint, I think that we are in a much better place, not only because of the $2 billion that we talked about 3 years ago, when we delivered last year and the previous year on gross savings and supply, but efficiencies across the board, I mean, from marketing to distribution and these partnerships now with technology companies that will help us accelerate these efficiencies. Finally, I think that we have a very different situation from a financial flexibility standpoint. With the discipline we had in the last 2 years, put us back in investment grade, and in a record time, just in 2 years. And going forward, we will continue generating free cash flow conversion at a rate of 100%, and we'll look to acquire business and capabilities that can be much more powerful when combined with the scale of our portfolio. All is, of course, with a lot of discipline in pricing. So that's why it's exciting to be at this moment working at Kraft Heinz. Thank you.
Andre Maciel: Thank you, Chris. Thank you, Chris. You're pretty good.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's presentation. You may now disconnect, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-16 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to The Kraft Heinz Company Fourth Quarter Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised today's conference may be recorded. [Operator Instructions]  I'd now like to hand the conference over to Chris Jakubik, Head of Global Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Chris Jakubik: Thank you, and hello, everyone. This is Chris Jakubik, Head of Global Investor Relations at The Kraft Heinz Company, and welcome to our Q&A session for our fourth quarter 2021 business update. During our remarks today, we will make some forward-looking statements that are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ due to risks and uncertainties, and these are discussed in our earnings release and our filings with the SEC. We will also discuss some non-GAAP financial measures today during the call, and these non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered a replacement for and should be read together with GAAP results. And you can find the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our earnings release and the supplemental materials posted on ir.kraftheinzcompany.com. With that, let's take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane: 2 questions for me. The first one for Miguel. Just given how fluid the environment is using, I guess, Paolo's words and just the macro pressures that we're seeing in the market, how has that impacted your ability to execute? And are you not executing as an organization, I guess, up to or as well as you would like, just given all the pressure?
Miguel Patricio: Bryan, thanks for the question. I mean, the macro pressures that you are mentioning, they've been here for a while now. And at the beginning, it was hard to adapt. But I think that this is the new normal, and we are absolutely embracing the change of the macro pressures every day. I'm personally very confident about the path forward. First, because of our people. We have today a great team, a very engaged and with a low turnover, which is very different from 2.5 years ago. Our business is growing and we've been relatively strong when we talk about gross margins despite the inflation that we are seeing, which in a way has enabled us to keep investing in our brands, and our cash flow and balance sheet is almost much, much stronger than 2 years ago.  Now moving forward, I think that what we have to do is even to accelerate the path and the speed to accelerate profitable growth and unlock greater efficiencies. But on that one, I will leave for the CAGNY for us to speak a little bit more next week. Thank you for the question, Bryan.
Bryan Spillane: All right. And then, Paulo, I wanted to just ask if you could give us a little bit more help with phasing for the year. And I guess more specifically, as we're looking at the first half, are there anything we should consider? I guess we're thinking about first quarter versus second quarter in terms of, I don't know, is inflation more pronounced earlier in the year, the impact of pricing to help offset inflation like how that flows? And also in the prepared remarks, you talked a bit about or there was some discussion about supply chain. So are some of the supply chain disruptions may be more pronounced earlier in the year or earlier in the first half than the back half. So just any help you can give us in terms of the shape of the quarters would be really helpful.
Paulo Basilio: Sure, Bryan. So if -- stepping back a little bit, like we closed 2021 very strong. Our EBITDA was $6.37 billion. And in this number, we had approximately $400 million of divested business, okay? So we start from there. We are going to see -- we are expecting to see the benefit of our sales growth, the combination of pricing plus efficiencies that we have in our plan, mitigating the inflation, the higher inflation that we are seeing. And also we expect some headwind from volume mix, and we are assuming a more conservative levels of consumption and elasticities as the stimulus and government support states, okay? And again, as you said, we are expecting closer to 47, 53, H1, H2, and this reflects where we are currently on the inflation versus the price curve that we are implementing. Also, the recovery, as you mentioned, of the supply chain constraints that we have that we expect this to improve through the first half. There is also here in terms of the curve, we are going to have this year 53rd week that will benefit our Q4 in the magnitude of $60 million to $70 million. That's what we're expecting. And in terms of inside the first half between Q1 and Q2, we expect Q1 to be softer in relation to Q2 because of the timing of Easter shipments that we're going to have this year and also the timing that we are executing our pricing.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Lazar with Barclays.
Andrew Lazar: I was hoping to get a bit more clarity on the various buckets you broke out in the prepared remarks with respect to the supply chain constraints and market share. Maybe could you be a bit more specific on sort of what the one-time issues were in the fourth quarter and why you've got visibility to this being fixed by the end of Q1. Is the second bucket you mentioned of supply constraints simply demand outstripping supply and not necessarily execution-related? And then the third bucket, I assume are brands that are losing share for other reasons than supply constraints. So maybe if you can just sort of give us a little more clarity on those 3 buckets, that would be really helpful.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Thank you, Andrew, and it's Carlos and I'm happy to take it. So as you said in the prepared remarks, I broke this out, but let me give you a little more color on each of those. So firstly, the 40% of our share loss in Q4 was, as you said, was due to one-time supply and similar challenges. And what I mean by that, it seems like we saw in places where Philadelphia Cream Cheese, for example, given some packages issues that we had that we know what happened. Those are related more to whether with packaging materials in the case of Cream Cheese, whether it was labor in case of Oscar Mayer Bacon, so we have visibility on those, and we know that we are able to actually come back and recover in Q1. The second bucket is around the 30% that was really due to more -- think of those as more production constraints that we actually expect to resolve in the first half to exit them in a good place as we end Q2. And those are things where the actual production was driving the constraint. So think of those as Heinz Gravy where capacity is limited, and we were able -- but we are now doing things in order to free capacity to work service the high demand that we're seeing, whether that was in places like launchables where we have some ongoing labor constraints that we are solving and we'll be able to, again, execute to in a much better way. And then the third bucket, in some essentially is they are in categories and frankly, they're tilted towards growth in categories where we're actually looking to implement new game plans this year. And think of those essentially as new creative ways in which we can deliver a strong demand. And when you put it all together, I can tell you that we have the clear visibility on what needs to be done, and we actually have clear actions as well to make sure it happens. So we feel very good as we exit both Q1 and Q2 to recover this. So thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Growe with Stifel.
Chris Growe: I just had a quick question for you to understand, and I think this kind of follows on your answer there, Carlos, on Andrew's question. The production constraints you had, I think you said like 30% of the share losses. Can you help quantify like what that -- how much that weighed on sales, what the listing opportunity was in the quarter? And then I also -- I'm just curious around that. You did talk about in your prepared remarks -- the pre-recorded remarks about a real focus on market share in 2022. So I just want to get a better sense of kind of your expectations there and then how that could affect, say, volume and pricing and promotional efforts, that kind of thing, for the coming year?
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: First of all, thank you for the question. I would say I think it's a little bit difficult to quantify the share to the volume. What I can tell you is those are in the last 30%, those are categories, again, that we continue to see opportunity for us to service the consumer demand in a stronger way. So we have something that is focused for us. And we are -- the reality is that we have been -- we are actually thinking through very creative ways in which we can actually satisfy that demand going forward. And to your point around our focus on share, absolutely. For us, it's something that we as a company take very seriously. We mentioned the fact that we have great bright spots within our business, big iconic brands that have been growing quite a bit of share. But as we think about going forward, we want to make sure that it's consistently across our businesses and us being able to deal with recovery, both in Q1 and Q2 as we exit the first half is going to help us actually continue to grow in that perspective.
Chris Growe: If I could just add any -- sorry, go ahead.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Please. No, go ahead.
Chris Growe: Okay. Just real quickly just at many times a focus on market share can imply heavier promotional spending or those kinds of things. It sounds like you've got more new product innovation, those advertising, those kind of consumer pull more than a consumer push to generate that market share. Is that fair to say?
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Listen, I think for me, whenever I talk about market share, think of it as profitable market share. I've been working in food company for a number of years. And there is no substitute to make sure that we -- whenever we think about market share, it has to be done in a proper way. We have to make sure we do -- everything that we do is with a consumer-first approach to make sure we, in fact, bringing consumer solutions, whether that is location-based, in-store and online, we'll always focus on making sure that it's done with a drive on profitable market share growth.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alexia Howard with Bernstein.
Alexia Howard: Can we ask about what came through better than expected in the fourth quarter. When you reported at the end of October, you were talking about adjusted EBITDA, I think, in the $6.1 billion to $6.2 billion range, and it came through at $6.4 billion. That's a big step-up for the last couple of months of the year. So could you just walk us through what the positive surprises were and whether those are likely to continue?
Paulo Basilio: I think -- Alexia, Paulo here. I think I can take this one. I think we saw -- we were able to, even with many constraints, we were able to produce better. It's fair to say that if we're able to -- if we had more capacity, would have sold even more, but we were able to operate in terms of volume and capacity better than we planned. And also our promotion strategy came in better than we promoted less than we were expecting initially. I think those 2 areas together with over-delivering in terms of efficiencies, I would add to this third point were the main factors to our strong performance in the fourth quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rob Dickerson with Jefferies.
Rob Dickerson: Just a question and the commentary around expected stronger consumption in '22. Obviously, that's despite higher pricing and you said you're being somewhat conservative, it sounds like on the volume side as you look to your internal forecast. I'm just curious, when you come up with those forecasts, as we think about like back half of the year, is the feel that you might just be a little bit better positioned given price points, maybe a little bit more -- or let's say, better position with respect to trade down risk? I'm just trying to get a sense as to why you think consumption would actually be up at least in the at-home channel. And then I have a quick follow-up.
Paulo Basilio: Right. I can start here and maybe Carlos can complement if he feels the need. What we have embedded in our outlook is that we are -- again, we are going to -- we expect, as we said, low single-digit organic sales growth in this year with greater contribution from the growth platforms that we have. Our foodservice channel is also recovering and gaining share in all the emerging markets performance and our continued strong performance through distribution. And also, as I was mentioning before, some relief of the key supply chain constraints that -- as the year progresses. But we -- as we were discussing, we also are embedded in our forecast, in our expectation, some headwinds in volume and in fact, in volume '22 because we are taking into consideration the fact that we are going to be having stems from the government support that happened and also a more conservative levels of elasticity than we saw before. But net-net, so that is that we are -- we have assumptions that are more conservative in terms of elasticity and consumption that we're seeing today, but we think it is the appropriate way to go in our outlook.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Yes. The one thing, I guess, I would add to what Paulo just said is that as we're doing that, we also continue to make investments to make sure we improve our brand value proposition. And we're doing that through renovation of our brands, driving disruptive innovation and continue to service new occasion-based solutions, whether that's for in-store, online for today's consumers' needs. So that continues even as we are continuing to progress throughout the year. Thanks for the question.
Rob Dickerson: Super. And then very quickly, Paulo, you've done a very nice job of improving your leverage positioning at the end of the year still with a decent cash balance. Should we just be thinking as you go forward that kind of use of cash would either be for kind of smaller add-on acquisitions or just kind of an ongoing deleverage cycle as you get through '22? That's it.
Paulo Basilio: Sure. We -- our leverage target is below 4x, and we are well below that level today. And we expect to remain consistently below that going forward. Just want to highlight 1 point here, investment grade for us remains really strategically important and we have enough flexibility today in our balance sheet, in our capital structure to continue to evaluate opportunities to accelerate our strategy in an accretive way and with price discipline. But we are really closing now the way that we are today in terms of flexibility in the balance sheet that we have we feel the company in a very strong position.
Operator: Our next question comes from Pamela Kaufman with Morgan Stanley.
Pamela Kaufman: Can you comment on where overall inflation came in for 2021? And what assumption you're making for inflation in '22? And then I guess, just how much of your costs are covered for the year and what your visibility is on the cost outlook?
Paulo Basilio: Sure. So let me take that. Our Q4 inflation were higher than we expected in our October call. We ended up like with a low double digit. But for 2022, we are likely to see or expecting today near inflation of low teens for the full year, okay? And we expect this inflation to be higher in the first half than in the second half. And just to complement the -- by the end of next -- last year in '21, we took the necessary actions to mitigate the inflation we were seeing. And since then, more inflation has come and we are taking these additional actions as we've been discussing. And we are -- when you look about -- in terms of our hedging position, we normally hedge -- although we hedge a more significant part of the commodities, when you talk about our total COGS, we only hedge around 20% to 30% of the COGS. So -- because there are a lot of other costs that are not only commodities in our cost. So again, that is the range that we have ahead. So it's not material when we have a situation that we're having today that we are seeing inflation in pretty much all the lines of our COGS.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Goldman with JPMorgan.
Ken Goldman: I'm curious in your guidance for 2022, how much does the outlook require or bake in, I guess, what I would consider rational behavior from your competitors? In other words, are there any assumptions that as the consumer maybe gets a little bit more stretched as prices rise a little bit as some of your competitors also add to their capacity. Is there any expectation built in that there might be -- yes, you talked about elasticity certainly being there, but maybe a little bit more of an aggressive stance from some of your rivals. I'm just trying to get a sense for what's baked in.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: The other thing, I think that -- I'm not going to comment on what they're doing, how they're going to run their business. So let me tell you a little bit about how I see our business and why I feel good about the way kind of we think about us going forward. For us, the important thing is to make sure we continue to stay investing it in a differentiated portfolio. And we're doing this because we actually are able to provide consumers whether it's an entry into the category, a mainstream product or premium products, consumers actually have a way in which to acquire product from Kraft Heinz. And you see that in places like Mac & Cheese, where it goes from an Easy Mac to the original version of Mac & Cheese. We also are continuing to strengthen our portfolio because, as you know, we have made some important divestitures that really have reduced kind of our exposures to private label and other places where historically have been more competitive. In fact, we've gone from 17% of exposure to private label to now 11, which -- and I think its industry average is around 20%. So we also -- we only -- we are making investments. We have a place in which consumers can come into the category. We're less exposed to historically private level businesses. And we continue to make sure we're offering great quality products at prices that consumers can afford. So we are focused on making sure that everything we're doing is around delivering great value, meaning quality products and a way that is accessible to consumers. That's what we're focused here in Kraft Heinz.
Ken Goldman: Makes sense. And then very quickly -- Paulo, thank you. For the gross margin, the Street is modeling a pretty flattish figure in 2022 versus '21. Recognizing you don't provide specific guidance for this line item, just directionally, I guess, is it fair to say that gross margin is more likely to be down than flat? Just especially in light of, I guess, your reminder this morning that in the context of inflation, you're aiming to recapture gross profit dollars, not necessarily percentages?
Paulo Basilio: Yes. Listen, when you think about as costs stabilize and price realization and efficiencies continue, our margin percentage here will normalize, okay? As we have mentioned before, we are expecting lower run rate margin percentage levels in the beginning of this year and our actions are to protect the dollar profitability. So we are protecting the dollar margin year-over-year. That's how we are thinking here.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Powers with Deutsche Bank.
Steve Powers: Yes. Following up on the topic of elasticity, I just wonder if you could provide any more context in terms of your assumptions for the coming year in that regard. And really, any variation you're thinking about and we should be thinking about, about how elasticity is anticipated to maybe very across your platforms or across your geographic regions?
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: I think, I'm guessing that you're referring mostly to our U.S. business. So let me just take that up first. I think so far, and Paulo spoke to this a little bit earlier, other expectation for elasticity have proven to be conservative. So as we go forward, we're expecting some of those more, I would say, normal levels of elasticity to impact in 2022. And just to be clear, our outlook contemplates both those elevated levels of elasticity and the continued investments on our brand value proposition. Now when you look at overall kind of how the way we look at the business is that demand really has remained pretty much intact. So the inflation, which is, as you know, being broad-based and not specific to one category is really kind of impacting everywhere similarly. Now if you look at it deeper, personal spending on food has been more stable than disposable income or even discretionary spending over time. And if you go even further, when you look at Kraft Heinz specifically, the reality is that we have, as I said earlier, quality products in categories in which we can compete at a price that is affordable to consumers. I mean just to give you a sense, I mean, when you think about Kraft Mac & Cheese, Blue Box is about $0.50 per serving. If you think about Oscar Mayer hot dogs, it's about $0.25 a piece. If you think about Heinz Ketchup, it's about $0.10 an ounce. So those are things that we continue to feel strong about because we have a way in which to create great quality products in a way that consumers can afford. But we're also taking more actions than that. We also are using our designed to value to make sure that we're thinking around how do we boost quality in our products while reducing cost, essentially making sure that we give consumers exactly what they're looking for and not the things they don't need. And lastly, we're also making sure that we're investing in better creative and communication so that we have, in fact, stronger relevance of our brands that actually are helping us make sure that we continue to drive better renovations, innovations in a way that matters to what consumers are looking for today.
Steve Powers: Okay. Great. If I could follow up on a different topic actually. Theres a good deal of discussion about your strategy to expand and drive growth in emerging markets. And I guess as we think about the strategic investments that youve embedded in the 22 plan. Can you just talk about the sort of the allocation of those investments in your developed markets versus your emerging markets? And just how much of an accelerated push towards the emerging markets youre thinking about and we should be thinking about as it relates to the new year?
Rafael Oliveira: Maybe I can take it here, its Rafa speaking. Look, we continue to be very optimistic of our strategy we focus on emerging markets, right, on Taste Elevation. And  I mean, we continue to expect double-digit organic growth, further gains of market share in the future and leveraging our repeatable go-to-market model. I mean this has been live in about 30% of the countries we operate today in emerging markets, and we look to continue growing this and boosting our go-to-market for the -- in 2022. So I mean, the strategy remains the same. Well play the  as weve been doing, we did 4 acquisitions in 2021 and add-ons in different markets that enable us to expand within our Taste Elevation focus in specific countries that we see a big opportunity for growth. So that strategy should remain is paying off and we will continue.
A Miguel Patricio: And Rafael, I would just add that the engine for growth in these emerging markets is really the brand Heinz that is an unbelievable shape and getting better every day from a consumer standpoint, which gives us a lot of opportunities for growth to expand Heinz further, not only Ketchup, but other products. So emerging markets will continue being a great engine of our growth.
Operator: That concludes today's question-and-answer session. I'd like to pass the call back to Chris Jakubik for closing remarks.
Chris Jakubik: Well, thanks, everyone, for joining us today. For follow-up questions, myself and the rest of the IR team will be available for any additional questions. But thanks again for joining us today, and we'll see you at CAGNY next week.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-27 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by. Welcome to The Kraft Heinz Company's Third Quarter 2021 results conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Please be advised today's conference may be recorded. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to hand the conference over to your host today, Chris Jakubik, Head of Global Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Chris Jakubik: Thank you. And hello, everyone. This is Chris Jakubik, Head of Global Investor Relations at The Kraft Heinz Company, and welcome to our Q&A session for our third quarter 2021 business update. During our remarks today, we will make some forward-looking statements that are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ due to risks and uncertainties and these are discussed in our earnings release and our filings with the SEC. We will also discuss the non-GAAP financial measures today during the call. And these non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered a replacement for and should be read together with GAAP results. And you can find the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our earnings release and the supplemental materials posted at ir.kraftheinzcompany.com. Before we begin, I'm going to hand it over to our CEO, Miguel Patricio, for a few quick opening comments.
Miguel Patricio: Well, thank you Chris, and good morning everyone. I would just like to start by sharing how encouraging it is for us to see our Company leaning into a scale and agility that we have been talking about for some time, addressing short-term challenges at the same time that we are building the long-term advantage. We are today a much stronger Company and we are better positioned to address inflation that we're seeing. We are taking actions now to protect profitability through 2022 and our actions, and not just branching, we are also implementing price pack architecture, value-engineering, and leveraging our scaling procurement. At the same time, our team has continued transforming our business for long-term growth and advantage.  Our momentum with the consumer is strong, and our consumer-focused platform-based approach is taking us to new occasions. We continue to invest, to improve relevance of our brands. They are making greater, more creative marketing investments. And at the same time, we are building agility that will deliver the 2 billion of gross efficiencies and looking to unlock more. We are continuing to pay down debt and improve our net leverage. And we continue to invest in our most important assets, our people. And as we mentioned in our remarks, we have done all of these while delivering better 2021 results than previously expected, which speaks to the strength of our business. Well, with that, let's take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thanks so much. My question is actually for Rafa, if I could. We've been taking a look at some Nielsen trends and some key food categories in the U.S. and Western Europe. And while consumption obviously in the U.S. has certainly remained elevated, trends at least in some categories in Europe seems to be decelerating meaningfully, or I guess normalizing is a better word for it as those markets reopen at a faster pace than what we've seen here in the U.S. So I'm curious if KHC is seeing this dynamic play out at all for the Company, and if you see maybe certain trends in Europe as a fair leading indicator of what's to come in the U.S. around stickiness of demand. Or if maybe there are some differences suggesting that not a great set of data points to necessarily use to compare. Thanks so much.
Rafael Oliveira: Hi, Andrew. Rafa, here. Thanks for the question. From an overall market perspective in Western Europe, we have seen indeed more of a return to pre -pandemic consumption patterns than in other developed markets. That said, there is quite a bit per category, and we are seeing much greater stickiness in our base elevation platforms as the consumers continue to look to us to elevate their views. And this is quite positive to be honest to us, because if you recall, we have three key pillars on our international growth strategy and our base elevation platform, emerging markets and food service channel. So these demand stickiness in base elevation, and we will continue to see favorable levels of consumption, growth, and absolute terms on the platform. And we do the best when we are focusing at. So we continue to see this elevation demand sustaining. And in food service in particular, Western Europe is rebounding very fast. It is approaching 2019 levels. And on top of this, I agree we've been gaining a lot of share in almost every market in -- we operate in food service, so is another strength. As I said, overall, it's true is most of the market is coming back to pre -pandemic. In some platforms, they continue to be very strong and that has played out favorably for us, this elevation.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jason English with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Jason English: Thanks, folks. Appreciate you slotting me in. I guess I'll lean into price a little bit. You reiterated the comment today that during the prepared remarks that you expect the price to catch up with costs by the end of the year. Can you confirm that that's not just ingredient costs, but that's sort of the total supply chain pressure? And then looking at slide 8, is it fair to look at that as a price index? So, to say you came into the year with the index around 103 and you plan to exit a bit north of 106, you'd be carrying around 3 points of price into next year, or is that 106 a bit of an average and the real exit rates closer to 107 or 108? Thanks.
Paulo Basilio: Hi, Jason, I'm Paulo, here. Let me try to help with this question. We expect to see similar level of inflation at the beginning of '22 as we are seeing now in the second half of '21. Most of the inflation that we're going to see is carried over for '21. We expect to enter '22 having executed the price plan that protects our profitability from current levels of cost. Current levels of cost that we're seeing now. And this should address the inflation that's expected in '22. So we are seeing our execution of pricing, protecting our profitability given the cost levels that we're seeing now and this should protect our profitability when we're entering into '22.
Jason English: So we're probably looking at something closer to a mid-single-digit pricing as we enter next year if you're carrying high single-digits percent of COGS. That's just that the math on that. Is that unreasonable?
Paulo Basilio: Listen, I don't want to get into the actual forecasting of pricing but I can tell you that the actions that we're taking now will protect the inflation that we're seeing, and it will protect our profitability from these inflation that we're seeing in the current cost levels. And this could put us in a good position to enter 2022.
Jason English: Okay.
Miguel Patricio: Just complementing what Paulo is saying. I think that if eventually more inflation terms, well we'll have to take action.
Jason English: Sure. It makes sense. And congrats on the pricing success so far. It's better than I expected.
Miguel Patricio: Thank you.
Chris Jakubik: Thanks, Jason.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Pamela Kaufman with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Pamela Kaufman: Hi. Good morning.
Miguel Patricio: Morning.
Pamela Kaufman: Can you elaborate on what drove the sequential softening in market share trends that you highlighted? Has that primarily been driven by the capacity constraints or have there been other competitive dynamics contributing to the share performance? And then how are you addressing the capacity constraints that you highlighted, and I guess, what do you see is driving improved share performance going forward?
Rafael Oliveira: Thank you Pamela (ph) for the question. I imagine a lot of those questions you had there, I think there were 3 I counted, but they were related to the U.S. so I'll take it. I guess for me I will say, yes, first of all, the way I think about the business is we want to make sure we continue to drive household penetration and repeat rates, which we are doing. And while there were some short-term share pressures, and during the back-to-school as really their demand really out grew in our capacity in a few categories, over the long term effect that we are driving household penetration and repeat rates shows the strength of our portfolio interest of our business on how we are actually managed through all that.
Miguel Patricio: But I will say yes to that. I'm very much focused on making sure that we win by maximizing the controls. And our recipe for winning is to be essentially consistent with focus on solidifying the consumer needs better than anyone else, and it doesn't matter exactly what's happening at this particular moment. As we go forward, I'd tell you, I see three specific advantage that for us it's going to be a play which we're going to win. We have continued to renovate our portfolio, we have controlled the cost in our brands so that we can optimize the value with our -- for our consumers and really that is the best recipe for us to withstand against any competition that comes in. And essentially what we are doing -- we're increasing the equation of what it's worth buying for at the shelf. The second event is where we have also -- we're making sure that we are differentiated at each rung of the price ladder, whether its entry to mainstream to premium so that consumers can stay within our franchise even if their circumstances might change. And if you think about Mac and Cheese, we've got everywhere from an easy mac to the original version for consumers. And then the third piece I will say is we are transforming our portfolio through all these divestitures that actually have a significantly reduce our private level exposure. So we have continued to renovate and manage our costs. We have continued to bring -- making sure that we have differentiated products within our categories no matter where the frequent consumers are. And we have a private -- we have a portfolio that is mostly going to reduce this private label. And frankly, we continue to see opportunities to capture profitable growth focusing on our consumer platforms. So we are executing with excellence and leveraging this broad renovation, the innovation, and the rest is creating that our teams are doing. I think, Pamela, you also spoke a part of your question within other supply chain constraints that we're seeing. I think the way I would look at it is, across the industry we're seeing a supply chain that is being tested on a daily basis. And what I will say is our supplying chain team has been very agile, taking advantage of our global scale. We're showing agility in labor, in manufacturing in logistics and I will give you some examples of what I mean. We are reducing the amount of time to hire and significantly increase the applicant pool by leveraging new digital tools at Kraft Heinz. We are improving the flexibility in terms of the materials that are available with a reeling ownership mindset across sales, procurement, and manufacturing.
Carlos Abrams Rivera: And those things will change in our plans, 39 of them across the U.S. sometimes on a weekly basis. And then, in logistics we've actually increased the throughput on warehouses by shifting more of how we operate 24/7 and increasing the automations since the pre -pandemic time. So having said that, I will tell you that we do have a good line of sight of continue to improve our customer service levels as we move forward. And because frankly, restoring the top-tier customer service to the pre-pandemic level is a continued focus for us and the entire team. And thanks for your question, Pamela.
Miguel Patricio: You also asked about moving forward in terms of capacity. On top of everything that the Carlos is saying, I just to add to that, we have been adding capacity. We increased substantially Heinz ketchup capacity, Mac and Cheese, on frozen snacks, [Indiscernible] max and bagel bites, on crops of cucumbers, on meal, and on kid's juices. So it's -- this investment in capacities is a great proof on our belief about the demand for our products in the future.
Pamela Kaufman: Thank you. Very helpful.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane with Bank of America. Your line is open. Please, go ahead.
Bryan Spillane: Hi, thanks, Operator. Good morning, everyone. So my question is, I guess, tied to some of the themes here, just in terms of inflation and pricing and margins. Maybe if we could just step back pre all of this inflation and pre -COVID, there was a transformation in your supply chain in which that work had started. We look at gross margins or profitability of the gross profit line, and you've held up pretty well, relative to your peers; if anything, probably a little bit better. I guess as we're thinking about profitability going forward, knowing that there's some pricing that's coming through to cover inflation. But how much are you also still benefiting incrementally from some of the supply chain work you've done, and how much of that is going to be also a contributor to helping to offset all of the inflation and supply chain disruptions?
Paulo Basilio: Let me start here and then we can maybe build -- someone else here can put -- build on top of my answer. What you said is true. When we come back to when the time that in 2019 when we close our strategy beginning of 2020, the -- we were very focused on improving our gross profit overtime. And in order to do that, we developed on many programs in terms of efficiencies in supply chain, in terms of focusing on these -- also pricing. A new pricing strategy and revenue management strategy and this is taking place. You can see that today with all the inflationary pressure that we're seeing in the gap that we're having between the pricing realization and the cost inflation, we're keeping the gross profit margin, the same level that we had pre -pandemic. And this gives us a lot of confidence in our brand going forward. So I will say that our strategy to improve profitability, to gross profit margin is working.
Carlos Abrams Rivera: What I would add to and think about our overall progress in our transformation, in -- both in terms of some of the things that you heard from Miguel earlier. We are in fact, making a significant portion on fast-track in critical projects on our capacity. So as Miguel give you some examples, I will give you a couple of more, which is if you think about ketchup, the fact that in Heinz dip and squeeze kind of shares a small package, we have nearly doubled our capacity and by the end of next year, if you think about Mac and Cheese, by the second half of next year, we've actually increased about 20% of our cups' capacity and even in Frozen snacks, by -- also by second half of next year, we will have increased about a third our capacity in areas like daily mix. And so both across -- this are some of the examples of things that we saw earlier in the pandemic. We made fast-tracking of projects and we continue to do that, more work to do ahead. The other way I look at it is in terms of our -- how do we make sure we get more of our utilization of our assets and for me, things like improving our OEE, which we have now done '20 versus '21, and -- I'm sorry, '20 versus '19, '21 versus '20. It is also the way that we're going to continue to make sure that as we go forward, we attack in both ways, making sure that we are being smart about investing in our capacity. And we're getting more of our assets through improvements in our OEE. Thanks for your question, Bryan.
Bryan Spillane: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Robert Moskow: Hi, thanks. I just wanted to try to square the outlook for 2022 slide with your comments about pricing catching up to costs. Because if pricing is really catching up the cost that would imply that your EBITDA growth on a core basis divestitures should be able to grow in 2022. So if you're confident enough that the pricing is really catching up, why not take the extra step and, and talk about it in your outlook? As it stands, the slide is pretty general. It says that things are going to be strong, stronger than you thought post-pandemic but I'm not quite sure it points to EBITDA growth on a core basis yet.
Paulo Basilio: Hi Rob. Let me start saying that we are not providing guidance for '22 and we're not providing also at this time any outlook for '22 besides the ones that we shared. We can say that we are very confident with our bets and we're very confident about our ability to retain consumers and retain volume that we're having today. And we're also confident in our ability to sustain these strong margins that we have. We -- our focus here is to protect the margin dollars from inflation as we mentioned and again, to give you a little bit more color if you can say that, and also we shared that in Q3, and we discussed that in Q3, we have lower the rate percentage margins and we expect these margins to improve as profit realization comes. But that is as far as we'll go in 2022. We're very confident with the fact that we have -- we are in a better space. We are a better Company in a better space with stronger consumption and with confidence in our ability to price the short debt inflation that we're seeing.
Robert Moskow: Okay. Well, I appreciate it. Thank you.
Paulo Basilio: Thank you,
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Chris Growe with Stifel. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Chris Growe: Hi. Good morning. I just had a question for you in relation to promotions and you've talked about how you're rebuilding promotions in your business, especially in the US. I think you talked about a normalized promotional environment. So I just want to understand, and this gets back to a degree around pricing, as you recover promotions, especially against the period a year ago where they were lower, can you achieve price realization on a net basis that offsets inflation? And maybe related to that, would that rebuilding promotion or recovering promotion continue in the first half of 2022? Maybe a bit of an offset to the pricing you're taking in retail.
Carlos Abrams Rivera: So Chris, let me answer that and try to explain. I think there are a couple of things you mentioned in your question. First, let me just put into context of the transformation that we've been having here at Kraft Heinz. I mean, if you think back, a critical aspect of our transformation is a consumer first approach to all that we do so -- which essentially is why our plan is to invest behind our consumer platforms during those even t windows where actually consumers are looking to us for solutions. So if we think about the gains that we have made so far, the fact that we have continued to drive brand household penetration and repeat rate, it is exactly because we have done that. We have been able to make sure that in moments during the year that consumers are looking for those specific solutions, that we can offer, essentially, the scale of what we -- of our products in a way that satisfies their needs better than anyone else. And we have been and expect to be as we look into 2022, more active with better execution than 2020 during this critical windows, but clearly not as deep as we were in 2019. And frankly, we continued to see opportunities to capture the growth. So as we are going to move forward, we are going to remain diligent on making sure [Indiscernible] satisfies our consumer needs better than anyone else, guided by our platform and our renewed focus on making sure that again, everything we do, as far as transformation, is with that consumer-first approach. Thank you.
Chris Growe: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, and our next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard with Bernstein. Your line is open, please go ahead.
Alexia Howard: Good morning, everyone.
Miguel Patricio: Good morning.
Alexia Howard: Okay. So in your prepared remarks, you alluded to an appetite for more acquisitions in the emerging markets. I think you referenced the FM Foods and the [Indiscernible] deals that you've done so far. Can you talk a little bit about what additional or where you're focused in terms of potential future deals? Are there particular categories, particular regions that you're looking at? Can you say anything about the kind of scale of the pipeline in terms of which would you be looking just at tuck-ins or potentially something more medium sized? Thank you. and I'll pass it on.
Miguel Patricio: Sure, Alexia. Maybe I can comment and then give the word to to Rafael, since he's responsible for emerging markets, among other things. We have, of course, today a portfolio that is better than we had 2 years ago and a much stronger balance sheet. And with that comes more flexibility, right? And you are right. I think that if we have opportunities for acquisitions, we'll look at them and always with price discipline. We like a lot to follow our strategy and as a consequence, taste elevation, which is the really one of the critical strategic pillar of the strategy of the international zone is in the place where we're looking for opportunities. And that helps also food service business. So yes, some business in Turkey that we acquired is the leading Company in food service. And we expect to grow to the retailers with that place in Turkey as well. And I will give the micro for the word to Rafael so he can give you more color about carriers that we're looking at.
Rafael Oliveira: Yeah. No. Thank you. The reason we are so excited about Assan Foods, about Hemmer is exactly as you have said, it's all strategy. They are strong margin categories in the right countries, as you said, base elevation and emerging markets and food service, those are the pillars for our strategy and what they can enable us in the future. I mean, each of those two businesses, I mentioned Assan and Hemmer. They are just short of a 100 million each. But with Assan we will not only be able to build Heinz as a bigger brand in Turkey, but we'll have capacity to grow much faster across the Middle East. And with Hemmer, I mean, Hemmer, we have announced, but we're now waiting for regulatory approval. It will not only strengthen our distribution, especially, in the south of Brazil, being we'll be able to participate in much more the gradual ladders of the the chain within Taste Elevation. And we can really leverage their portfolio to build our scale faster in [Indiscernible] and the food service channels. So they are definitely like, again, as I said, on strategy and that's what makes it the most exciting is Taste Elevation and within the core emerging markets that we want to grow. [Indiscernible] see a lot of opportunities.
Alexia Howard: Great. Thank you very much. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Thank you and our next question comes from the line of Ken Goldman with JP Morgan. Your line is open, please go ahead.
Ken Goldman: Hi. Good morning. A couple of U.S. based food producers, they've suffered through some worker strikes recently. I'm just curious how you're feeling about your labor relations in general at the moment. And I guess how investors should think about the risk, if there is any, of Kraft Heinz perhaps facing some incremental challenges on this front?
Carlos Abrams Rivera: Okay. Thanks for your question. I'm obviously not going to speak to anybody else's business. What I will tell you is that our teams, as I mentioned earlier, have shown tremendous agility of making sure that we are in fact, continue to have a focus on engagement of our workforce. As we sit here today, what I'll tell you is that we have seen pockets of some places where we've had some labor challenges in terms of shortages, but also they will have been very much focused on a few and isolated locations. As we move forward, I am actually confident that we have been able to actually and we'll continue to manage through specific areas where there have been some isolated situations in which we have had some labor shortages. But in a way that it's actually not a concern for us on a regular basis or on an ongoing basis as we move forward. So actually, I feel very good about where we are and how we continue to manage this in an agile way. I don't -- anything else you went to build up, Miguel?
Miguel Patricio: No, I think that's -- the only thing I would add is that we've been working hard to improve the engagement of the Company overall and that brings us more confidence about the possible labor issues for the future. At this moment, we don't see any risk of a strike, but that doesn't mean that that's not possible. But we are confident about that.
Carlos Abrams Rivera: No, I think as Miguel said. I think we're in a good position and really feel good about our -- the way to our teams have handled it and with the agility they have shown during this really difficult time. So thank you. I think we're about out of time there. So you -- we'll end it there. Thanks everyone for joining us today and for anybody who has follow-up questions, I'll be available to take your questions and for anybody in the media, Kathy Krenger and her team will be available for your follow-ups so thanks, everyone and have a great day.
Miguel Patricio: Thank you.
Operator: That concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating and you may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-08-04 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and thank you for standing by. Welcome to The Kraft Heinz Company Second Quarter 2021 Business Update Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions]. I'd now have to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Chris Jakubik (ph), Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Chris Jakubik: Thank you. And hello, everyone. This is Chris Jakubik Head of Global Investor Relations at the Kraft Heinz Company and welcomes you to our Q&A session for our second quarter of 2021 business update. During our remarks today, we will make some forward-looking statements that are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ due to risks and uncertainties. And these are discussed in our earnings release and our filings with the SEC. We will also discuss some non-GAAP financial measures today during the call and these non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered a replacement for and should be read together with GAAP results. And you can find the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our earnings release and the supplemental materials posted at ir.kraftheinzcompany.com. Before we begin, I'm going to hand it over to our CEO, Miguel Patricio for a few quick opening comments. Miguel?
Miguel Patricio: Thank you, Chris, and thank you, everyone. I just like to add or summarize and tell you that we are very optimistic about how we're progressing in our transformation at Kraft Heinz. We've been taking advantage of the scale that we have, and we've been building the agility that we need to build a better business for the future. We posted sustainable top line and bottom line gains versus 19, and we are encouraged because the strongest growth comes from priority platforms and markets what we call the growth platforms, taste elevation, and in emerging markets. And we continue seeing retail very strong, and we are coming back with food service. It's recovering and recovering fast. Transforming Kraft Heinz is what we all have in mind. And we want to do that, maintaining industry-leading profitability. We are investing more in our brands and better as well building a much more creative Company. We are also on track to deliver the $400 million of gross efficiencies in 2021 and effectively managing inflation. At the same time, we continued strengthening our portfolio and improving financial flexibility. We're adding capacity to our products to drive, grow, and energize platforms, and in the emerging markets.  We, as you know, closed the Nuts divestiture and we expect to close the Cheese divestiture in the second half of this year. Recently, we acquired Assan Foods in Turkey. It's a very small operation, but is a very important step into our strategy, because it accelerates taste elevation and is in emerging markets. And we continue to pay down debts and improve our net leverage. We continue to expect to have a very good 2021 actually to deliver a stronger 2021 than we projected when we provided our initial outlook in February, and that speaks to the strength and potential of our ongoing business. Thank you. We are now ready for your questions.
Operator: [Operator instructions]. Please standby while we compile the Q&A roster. Our first question comes from the line of Chris Growe from Stifel. You may begin.
Chris Growe: Hi, good morning. I just had a quick question for you, if I could please, in relation to pricing, and I was just curious if you could maybe give a little more color around the price realization and how you expect that to kind of build through the second half of the year. And just as a backdrop, as I look across your categories, in some cases Kraft's pricing is above your category, some a little below, but all-in-all, like the IRI data in the U.S. would say, you are pricing at a little slower rate than what the categories are overall. So I'm just curious if that's strategic in helping drive your share gains or if that's just timing and there's more pricing coming in the second half of the year. Thank you.
Miguel Patricio: And thank you for your question. Let me start and then maybe Carlos and Paulo can give you more color on that. As I mentioned on the call, we believe that inflation in our business remains manageable. And even with inflation, we expect to deliver, as I said, a stronger 2021 than we projected before. We continue to invest in our brands at the anticipated levels to drive our transformation, and we will continue to monitor things and take further action if of course is necessary, but Carlos, maybe you can give more color on it and maybe Paulo as well.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Sure Miguel. Thanks for the question. But first, I think I will say is in the U.S. we have said in the past is that we are proactively managing against the incremental inflation we see. And actually, we feel good about our ability to implement those actions when and where we see the need. So, if you look at inflation we saw in Q2, it is mainly coming from ingredients, things like soybeans, edible oils, packaging, and some transportation as well. And it is very similar to what we saw in the first quarter. And most recently, we also saw some increases too but driven by rising [ph] costs and some higher transportation rates. Now from a pricing perspective, as I mentioned on the call, we are restoring key promotional activations to drive the business versus the pandemic-induced pullbacks that we had in 2020. Now, as we have mentioned earlier in the year, our goal continues to be to connect with consumers that now have discovered or rediscovered our brands and drive the repeat rate among those households. So in that context and versus inflation, again we feel good about our ability to achieve the net pricing we need to offset inflation and maintain a strong household and repeat rate. Given that we are renovating our Portfolio to drive better value for consumers, improving the creative content of our marketing, and strengthening and diversifying our media impressions. What I will also add is that we're doing this primarily through four key revenue management initiatives. First, we are optimizing the frequency and depth of our promotion while we'll restore retail activation levels that I discussed in the call. Second, we're doing broad-based pricing actions, which we have announced across our Portfolio. Third, we're continuing to manage key commodity pricing. And lastly, we're using all other revenue management levers, including price pack architecture and managing category price ladders. If you look at our revenue management initiatives, they are guiding our smart trade investments so we can optimize returns on those investments and manage through the current inflationary environment. Now, in the near term, the timing of cost inflation versus price realization may lead to some degree of margin pressure, but this is reflected in an outlook, and we see net pricing and cost coming into balance as we exit the year. And then with that, let me pass it over to Paulo. Any other comments you want to add Paulo?
Paulo Basilio: Sure, Carlos. I think if you want to explain inflation and pricing from a total Company perspective, so break it down first on inflation. We're going to recall that in April we said that you're expecting inflation in the mid-single-digit range as a percent of COGS, but at the lower end of that range. Since April, our costs have continued to move higher. Now, we're expecting inflation still in the mid-single-digit range for the full year, but now slightly above the midpoint of the mid-single-digit range. Regarding pricing, as we are mentioning and Carlos has just said, we are using multiple revenue management levers including lease price actions to manage inflation, but I think it's important for us to keep in mind that we are going to be facing an unusually difficult pricing comparison in the second half of last year. Just to remind, just for context last year, second half our price was more than 4% higher than the prior year as we pulled back promotion to better protect customer service. In terms of the timing and the pricing realization, while we expect the timing of the cost inflation versus price realization to soften, our margin percentage to lower than the run rate levels in the short term, I think it's important to note that all of those impacts are already considered in the outlook that we have for the year. And again, as we mentioned in the beginning, we're still expecting  we are now expecting even stronger EBITDA dollars than we anticipated before.
Chris Growe: Thank you for the color.
Operator: The next question comes from Alexia Howard from Bernstein. You may begin.
Alexia Howard: Good morning, everyone.
Paulo Basilio: Good morning.
Alexia Howard: Thank you. Can I ask about the gross margin? I know that it doesn't really appear anywhere except in the formal numbers in the press release, but it looks as though it's down about 150 basis points year on year. I imagine that some of that might not be adjusted gross margin. But in a situation of such intense commodity cost pressures, as we're going through now, I am just wondering how you're expecting that to shape out in the back half of the year, possibly out into 2022. Any commentary would be much appreciated. Thank you.
Paulo Basilio: Alexia, I can start here with this answer. I think yes, there are some adjustments to make in the gross margin. But when you think about year-over-year, I think we need to remember that were going to be left  we were lapping in Q2 a big quarter last year with the all-pantry loading that happened in the quarter. Our overall margins of the business are very healthy in these Q2. I think in the second quarter, we were able to price, and we had enough pricing to offset, pricing plus our efficiencies were more than enough to offset our inflation that we had, but we work compared to a very heavy mix that we had in the last quarter.
Alexia Howard: Great. And -- and going forward, how do you expect it to change in the back-half?
Paulo Basilio: Going forward what is exactly, I think the key components that we are going to see in the back half is that we are going to start to have -- and that's already embedded in our outlook. We're going to start to have the restoration of some promotions that Carlos mentioned. Also, the mix impacts that we're going to see as the year go on. And also, this timing between pricing and pricing realization and inflation will impact our gross profit, but all those impacts are already inside the outlook that we disclosed.
Alexia Howard: Great. Thank you very much. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar from Barclays. You may begin.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Good morning and thanks for the question. I guess obviously it's way too early to talk specifics around 2022 as we know much can still change, but I wanted to go back to the slide presented at the Investor Day in September of last year, and from that presentation on the base business, so excluding divestiture impacts, it looks like EBITDA was expected to be roughly flattish in '22 versus '21. And I guess I'm just trying to get a sense of, at this stage, would that still be the expectation such that we just have to strip out divestitures to get a sense of it or maybe has the inflation environment and longer-tail to at-home eating benefits shifted this thinking at all? Thanks so much.
Miguel Patricio: Let me answer and then maybe Paulo, you can bring more precise numbers to Andrew. We are expecting 2022 to be better than the strategic plan that we presented to you. And why is that? I think our transformation is ahead of our plan. We've been beating our plans and our budgets, and we are optimistic and continue investing toward the future. I think it is still too early for us to be talking or to give you guidance about 2022. With all the volatility in the market, I think it's prudent not to go further on that.
Paulo Basilio: Andrew, just to complement here, I think as the year progresses,as Miguel mentioned, [indiscernible]late in the year, we will be providing more clarity about how we're seeing 2022. We're not discussing this today, but we can say that we see inflation as a consistent theme for us and the industry ahead of '22, and all those initiatives and actions that we are doing in terms of revenue management initiatives to manage the inflation, we're seeing based on expectations that inflation will continue into the next year. I think those initiatives together with our savings program, the $2 billion savings program will be sufficient that together with investments that we're making to improve the relevance of our brands. So again, we are very confident around our ability to manage the inflation and support the investments behind our turnaround as we are exiting '21 and entering '22.
Andrew Lazar: Thanks, everyone.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bryan Spillane from Bank of America. You may begin.
Bryan Spillane: Hi. Thanks, Operator. Good morning, everyone. So I've got a question, I guess for both Carlos and for Rafa if you could both comment on this. In the quarter or even year-to-date, currently, we're seeing basically all channels are up.  I think that's been one of the surprises as we move through '21 is that, as away from home and food service channels have improved, the at-home consumption has also stayed relatively elevated.  So I guess my question for both of you is just simply, how long do you expect this to continue and I guess, as things normalize, would you expect the foodservice piece of it to really begin to accelerate more and somewhat offset the at-home consumption? So just trying to get a sense of how you're thinking about those two channels, especially since right now they're both up.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Listen, first of all, thanks for the question. I think it's very fair. Let me start and then [Indiscernible] give a perspective on international. I think from an industry perspective, you're right. Channel trends are still normalizing.  But I have also to say too early to tell how the share of [Indiscernible] between away-from-home and at-home, ultimately, it's going to hold it out. Now recently, it does seem like the old channels are growing, but that's probably no likely to remain the case and that's not built into our expectations.  Now, in terms of our business, what we see is we are optimistic about our plans that we can actually drive sustainable growth in both the retail and the foodservice. And I think it's fair to say that we also have big ambition from the away-from-home business.  We believe food service is actually both a generation of insights and innovation that can actually help in the retail side of the business. And is also capable of driving outsized growth because we have actually put a reduced focus on culinary distribution and channel expansion.  And some of those channel trends, while still normalizing it's still a little bit early to say predicting exactly whether it's all going to happen now. But I do say that I do believe we're going to be stronger versus what we saw pre-pandemic, and essentially for two key reasons.  First, because our foodservice mix favors the QSR. And actually, that stands to recover and we are seeing that are already faster than the rest of the foodservice channel. And we also see that to be more resilient post-pandemic.  And frankly, early in the pandemic, we also made a strategic bet to support that growth in QSR and that bet is paying up. We now have 30% more capacity in our small package of ketchup and sauces, so that actually has been seen to be working.  And secondly, we see a more durable step-up in-home consumption that comes at the expense of other categories and brands without necessarily sacrificing food service recovery and growth. And then lastly, let me just give you a little more color on the away-from-home.  I mentioned that we gained a point of market share, food service recovery begins, and most of that actually was fueled by the actions we took in 3 areas that I mentioned, culinary distribution and new channels.  So in Q2, we actually executed 9 co-branded culinary limited-time offers with QSR partners. Now just one of those was actually so successful because it became part of our permanent menu item and now is going to be in '22.  And if you think about that context of the fact that we've been able to drive those kinds of limited time offers with QSR, in 2019 we had none of those. So, we are certainly driving a different level of execution with QSR.  Now, the second part of that, which is distribution, we actually grew key account by 20% over this Quarter. And then finally, as consumers continue to evolve how they cook and they eat and including the use of meal delivery kits, we're actually inserting our Kraft Heinz brands into that equation.  So, we are working with one popular direct-to-consumer Company to develop things like a recipe specifically for our Philadelphia Cream Cheese as the main ingredient of their products. And that actual product was ordered over 200,000 times by consumers are really an all-time record for that sales partner.  So when you look at it holistically, I feel very optimistic about our away-from-home business and that it actually is going to be a springboard for us to continue to drive retail growth. Now that's a perspective in the U.S. and Rafael (ph), do you want to add something in terms of the international business, how you see it.
Rafael Oliveira: Yes. Thank you, Carlos. And hi, Bryan (ph). Look, on balance, our developed markets are experiencing very similar trends to retail and food service in U.S. and Canada. Emerging markets on the other hand, and foodservice has actually rebounded stronger than in developed markets.  Then in most countries that either had shorter or even stricter lockdowns, that kept their economies open during the pandemic overall. So I mean, the consumption obviously differs country by country, in-home, and out-of-home.  The best of the pandemic lockdown approached vaccine availability changes a lot. And given the delta variant now it's a bit early to tell how the channels -- where the channels will stabilize in the second half.  But all that said, we're seeing a lot of improvements on the retail channels and giving us a lot of confidence that we will come out of the pandemic well-positioned right after the pandemic. On the foodservice side, our mix is even more weighted towards QSR than the U.S. is and this format is recovering very quickly.  So with distribution gains in emerging markets and the potential of the foodservice that we still have across our overall international, I'm still quite optimistic that after the pandemic hence, the net will be quite positive.
Bryan Spillane: Okay, thanks Rafael (ph). Thanks, Carlos.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ken Goldman from JPMorgan. You may begin.
Ken Goldman: Hi, thanks. Would you ever reconsider your policy of not guiding to annual sales and EBITDA. I realize it's been a Company policy for a long time except in rare cases not to give much. But I imagine you could avoid some confusion about let's say, I guess quite good or not quite as good print if outsiders had a basic bar against which to compare results.  And I guess in that way we could give you more credit when you do come in ahead of expectations. Just curious if that's a possibility and I guess there's nothing else to it, probably makes Chris ' life slightly easier too.
Paulo Basilio: Thanks for the -- thanks for the comment. Again, we will discuss this internally and we will let you know.
Ken Goldman: Thank you.
Paulo Basilio: Welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jason English from Goldman Sachs. You may begin.
Jason English: Hey, good morning, folks. And thanks for slotting me in. A couple of quick questions. So you guys mentioned that you've implemented pricing actions, began to raise those prices. Can you give us -- can you give us some quantification there? Overall, on average, what is the price increase that you're pushing through and how does it vary across the different products?
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Well, let me just say, Jason, that let me give a little bit of more context, which is, if you think about our portfolio, we're really more diverse than most of the peers that we compete with. So, our approach to pricing is no unique in terms of just having one solution.  We have to be more precise in certain categories than really broad strokes across an entire portfolio. But I can say you our actions that we have taken in pricing have covered the majority of the portfolio and that actually has quite a bit of wide range of percentage increases, so it's hard to give you a specific answer.  Now, what I will tell you is that we have taken actions to mitigate those incremental inflations that we're seeing, that we feel comfortable at our approach, that we feel very good about how we are managing, and that we're going to continue to monitor things and take further actions if necessary. Thanks for the question, Jason.
Jason English: Thanks. But you don't know what your weighted average price increase is across your Portfolio?
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: I mean, I think is something that for us it isn't something that we're going to be discussing and but happy to continue to have conversations about how we are responding in this moment and how we're feeling that very much a manageable solution from us.
Jason English: Okay. And one more thing just on the inflation, can you give us a quantification of what the rate was in the quarter and what you expect in the back half? I see the total for the year going from low-end to mid-singles to high-end. I'll just zoom in a little bit on the near term. Thank you.
Paulo Basilio: Jason, an experience achieved that in that range. Jason, we need to remember also that in Q2, we have higher pressure on the meets commodity specialty in Bacon. I can tell you that in the first half of the year, our inflation rate was in the low-end of the mid-single-digit range including this Big 4 component. And that's the range that we saw for the quarter too.
Jason English: Okay. Thank you. I'll pass it on.
Paulo Basilio: Welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Carla Casella from JP Morgan. You may begin.
Carla Casella: Hi. You mentioned that you're maintaining your leverage target below four times and you're currently at three. Would you ever think of changing that target to lower it or are you leaving that flexibility, just given your outlook for either the business or other potential, either M&A or shareholder-friendly activity?
Paulo Basilio: We are. Thanks for the question. We are keeping. We are not changing that target of leverage to be below 4 times in a consistent way. Let's remember also that this 3.1 times that we closed that would go to 3.4 if we adjust by the EBITDA that we lost, that we're going to lose right at pro forma adjusted body EBITDA, of note that was the date that we divested.  But, yeah, our idea is to keep the same policy and to give us more flexibility to accelerate our strategy, and again, we're going to operate with this flexibility going forward.
Carla Casella: Okay, great. Thank you.
Chris Jakubik: Maybe just one more question.
Operator: And our last question will come from the line of Robert Moskow (ph) from Credit Suisse. You may begin.
Robert Moskow: Thanks for the question. Maybe a two-parter. One is, do you think that you will increase media again in 2022? And then the 2nd question is, I think you entered the year expecting market shares to grow.  So maybe you could decompose those 2 things as to which of those really drove the outperformance in 2021. And then also for your back half guidance, second quarter categories have been pretty resilient. Are you expecting a drop-off in category performance in 3rd and 4th, as people go back to work and consumers go back to school, specifically North American retail?
Miguel Patricio: Let me -- let me answer the first part regarding marketing and media. And -- and I will pass the second one to Carlos to talk more specifically about categories in U.S. Let -- let me say that, first, we are excited about the changes that we have been making in our marketing programs and capabilities. We've been investing not only in our brands but also in our people.
Miguel Patricio: This is an area that I'm very passionate about, and given the important state has to drive our growth. We are driving improvements actually in a couple of ways. The 1st one is more marketing dollars that we put. We have $100 million more in marketing than we had in 2019.  And we said that we want to increase marketing moving forward. So it's our intention. However, I think it's not only about increasing marketing, it's really about efficiencies. We're today achieving 30% more of our consumers with the same spend by doing better marketing, and not only better marketing, but also better media.  Third, I think we're excited about stepping up on creativity in our Company. Today, we started an internal agency in digital media in Canada in May last year and today, we have 12 of these internal hubs in different places covering more than 30 markets around the world.  And that is critical for marketing efficiency because it's faster, better, and much more creative. And we can really have marketing linked to the culture and need to be very fast on that. So, overall, that would be my answer for marketing. Carlos, you may answer the second one.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Sure. I can just build on your point, Miguel (ph). Specific to market share and our performance, I would say we are off to a very solid start to the year. And you saw in the presentation, we are seeing household penetration and repeat rate, growth rates, but higher than pre-pandemic levels. And we are regaining share and actually 58% of the business and is an improvement from last quarter,
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: and certainly from what we saw in 2019 pre-pandemic. When you take a step back and you look at our overall performance, I think what we are proving is that our consumer platform approach, our focus on renovation, innovation and marketing, and our resale activations, they're all working.  Now as we going forward, we will continue this agenda. We are going to increase support around key holidays while using price promotional [Indiscernible]. As I mentioned earlier, all the revenue management tools to manage inflation.  Now, for our total business and I think your point about asking about the future, there's several factors impacting the category performance, but I will tell you the most important is that we believe we're in a strong position to balance share, risk profitability to continue to deliver strong returns. Thanks for the question.
Paulo Basilio: Just one comment on that, just to build on to what you're saying and the question here on the outlook. I think it's also relevant to say that while our outlook implies a lower EBITDA margin in the short-term, what is in the second half and Q3 and we don't think that EBITDA margin is representative of the run rate that they said, and we expect that to improve back to normal levels as we enter into 2022 and when our price realization starts to catch up in our results.
Robert Moskow: I'm sorry, I want to press a little bit more. This is really a question about your categories. Like do you expect your categories to face pressure in third quarter and fourth quarter compared to the first half, because of people going more to work and because of students going back to school. What do you think will look more similar to second quarter?
Chris Jakubik: [Indiscernible]
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Yeah. Let me just give a perspective at least in the U.S. piece. I mentioned that there were several factors that is taking into consideration how the categories are behaving, and I think that there are 3 things in particular that we are looking at. There are certain things around the fact that there are hybrid working schedules.  We've to see the home purchases, and the renovations, and a new consumer preference that would actually likely to keep people at home, the higher level of home consumption that we have seen in the past.  We've also now seen the delta variant and the rising case counts across the U.S., and those are factors that we're also closely monitoring, and in particular, because they are important in terms of thinking about how families are preparing for the upcoming school year.  I think there are all things that are making it very difficult for us to say at this point is exactly how this is going to all going to shape out. What I can tell you is that we are focused on those things we can control.  So we are focused on making sure we improve our agility and execution as Miguel said, that we continue to invest behind our brands to build relevance and compete for those locations through our consumer platform-based approach, regardless of how we see this happening, and unfolding.  And so far we're pleased with how we are showing up. So we believe we can continue to see. And the fact that we are able to drive helps operates ratio repeat rates. And I mentioned earlier in the call, right now you see all channels growing, but realistically that is not right now our expectations as we go through the second half.
Robert Moskow: Okay. Thank you for indulging me. Appreciate it.
Chris Jakubik: Great. Well, thanks to everyone for joining us today. If you have any follow-up questions, Investor Relations and the media teams will be available for your follow-ups, but thanks everyone for joining us today.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-29 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to The Kraft Heinz Company First Quarter Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Chris Jakubik, Head of Global Investor Relations for The Kraft Heinz Company. Please go ahead, sir.
Christopher Jakubik: Thank you and hello everyone. This is Chris Jakubik, Head of Global Investor Relations at Kraft Heinz Company, and welcome to our Q&A session for our first quarter 2021 business update. As you know, during our remarks today, we will make some forward-looking statements that are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ due to risks and uncertainties and these are discussed in our press release and our filings with the SEC. We will also discuss some non-GAAP financial measures today during the call and these non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered a replacement for and should be read together with GAAP results. And you can find the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our earnings release. Before we begin, I'm going to hand it over to our CEO, Miguel Patricio for a few quick opening remarks. Miguel?
Miguel Patricio: Yeah. Well, thank you Chris. I just wanted to start our discussion today with a few overall thoughts. First, that we have had a very, very encouraging start of the year, both topline and bottom line with our strongest growth in priority platforms and markets, especially in under-developed countries with a very strong result. We were able to hold household penetration gains even as markets begin to open and effectively managing inflation and supply constraints. We are also very encouraged by our progress with the initiatives to accelerate our advantage in different areas like in marketing, be more agile and more creative in retail and foodservice joint business plans, in unlocking capacity in Grow and Energize platforms. And also on bringing efficiencies - growth efficiency gains that we continue tracking to be about $400 million in the year. That said we feel that it's still too early to change our outlook for the full year. We could expect 2021 financials to be ahead of our strategic plan and we are expecting mid single-digit growth in Q2 2021 versus the same period in '19. At the same time, we should see stronger but manageable inflation beginning in Q2. Finally, we are pleased with additional financial flexibility that we are building. We continue to aggressively reduce debt and our divestures are on track to further increased flexibility. I will now hand it back to the operator and we can start the Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays.
Andrew Lazar: Miguel, I know that organic sales growth guidance for 2Q is a bit better than what consensus was expecting. But it does represent a notable sequential deceleration versus 2019. And I'm trying to get a sense of, is this - I assume this is primarily just, a, 1Q was quite a bit stronger than you probably thought and maybe you're also trying to be thinking through and being prudent about what further sort of reopening and mobility means for sales trends going forward. And then I was hoping maybe Rafael could you comment even briefly just how you see the durability of the emerging market strength that we saw in the quarter? Thank you. Thank you.
Miguel Patricio: Hi, Andrew. Thank you for the question. Now keep in mind that in the second quarter we are going to have a different mix. Foodservice will be stronger and for sure with opening of the market because of COVID fading the mix will change and so that is one of the reasons. The second reason also let's remember that McCafe that was in the numbers of '19 and that is not in the numbers of '21 and that has a strong impact. I don't know if Paulo, you want to complement that question before passing to Rafael?
Paulo Basilio: Miguel, thank you. I'll highlight the right points. We are calling down versus prior year low single digit growth and the impact of McCafe is always 1.1 percentage points. So it's not that dramatic of deceleration although as you are saying that we are seeing the reopening of the developed markets and there is some mix impacts that we're going to feel in the quarter.
Miguel Patricio: But that said, yes, first quarter was a very strong quarter as you mentioned in terms of net sales when compared with '19. Rafael, please?
Rafael Oliveira: Yes. Hi, Andrew. Thanks. Thanks for the question. I mean for us emerging markets consumption has held up relatively well during the pandemic, and I would say 2Q reasons. One is availability. I mean our customer servicing across international has been quite consistent during the whole pandemic. But also like the focus, right, second is the focus. We remain very focused on our emerging market strategy, I mean centered around Taste Elevation platform, right, and combined with localized  the proven go-to-market expansion model. And this has been performing quite well. There are two factors that - these two factors helped us during the pandemic, right, and you can see on the results, it added a point of share. We've been gaining share also during the last three quarters in a row. So we do expect this momentum to continue as we move throughout the year and based on the strong initiatives that we discussed during CAGNY.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow: Hi. Thanks for the question. I was wondering if you look at your U.S. retail mix as maybe more exposed than some of your peers to kids going back to school. You have Mac and Cheese there, you have Kraft Singles, Oscar Mayer Lunch Meats and that's a lot of, I guess, parents making lunches for their kids when they're at home. When they're going back to full time schooling, do you think that these brands will face more than normal headwinds or does it somehow kind of - is it - does it make up for itself somewhere along the way? Thanks.
Miguel Patricio: Well, first of all, thank you for the question. Listen, we feel good about controlling the controllables. I mean, and if you think about the gains we have made in household penetration. Those are coming from younger more diverse families and we're seeing that those families are actually increasing the consumption across different day-parts and that's happening whether it's Mac and Cheese, whether that's Oscar Mayer hot dogs, very consistent. Plus even if you think about brands that typically - kids use at school like a lunch box, we're actually also seeing gains on those even over the last six months. So what I would say is our focus on continue to retain those new households regardless of the circumstances is working and it will be the things that we'll continue to do moving forward. Thanks.
Robert Moskow: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane with Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane: I've got two questions related to inflation. The first one, I think the guidance is for mid single-digit cost inflation. And just wanted to get an understanding there of is that gross inflation or is that net of cost savings and if not, just if you can give us a breakdown between the gross inflation versus net inflation?
Miguel Patricio: Bryan thanks for the question. So, the guidance that we provided in mid single-digit is growth, so it's a percentage of our total COGS as gross inflation, okay? Actually we are seeing that it would be - currently in the low end of the mid-single digit range and that's our view. And when we see this happening today as we mentioned before, we also saw as many peers, the escalation of this inflation since our last call but when we add, as we mentioned our cost efficiencies that we highlighted around that we still seeing like $400 million in efficiencies in our supply chain. And all the levers that we have for revenue management we believe that the final number will be manageable for the company.
Bryan Spillane: Okay. Thank you. And then if I could follow-up Rafael, just for you  just in terms of inflation, could you just give us a little bit of perspective on what tools you have available, especially in developing markets, but also in Europe in terms of managing inflation? So is it different I guess in terms of the way that you'll work through inflation in your markets than what we'll see in North America?
Rafael Oliveira: Yes. Hi, Bryan. Yes, look, so let me break down the two. In emerging markets, I mean, in general acceptance of pricing is better, right, because inflations are more normal on the local economies. In developed markets, I mean what I can tell you is we've already successfully closed negotiations with all our key retail partners and especially in key countries like France, Germany and we remain to achieve the pricing and premiumization behind the brands that we needed. So we feel quite confident about that. I mean, in terms of comparison, you said comparing to the US, I mean there are similar and differences, right, like similar to North America, the costs have moved against us in ingredients, in packaging, but different in North America overall, logistics is not a major contributor to inflation in international. So in terms of numbers is what in line with what Paulo said comparable to mid single-digit range for the total.
Bryan Spillane: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rob Dickerson with Jefferies.
Rob Dickerson: Great, thank you so much. Miguel, I just had a question around your innovation plans, marketing plans kind of vis-a-vis SKU rationalization, right. So as we heard for over a year, right, there has been a lot of optimization for the retailers to kind of focus on those core SKUs, right, to just essentially maximize the benefits of velocity and scale, which you also speak to all the time. So I'm just curious as you kind of look forward kind of around that creative development of the innovation, are there sizable pieces of the portfolio that you kind of foresee rationalizing such that those tails come off, new innovation comes in, but still focused on the core on those high [ph] velocity items? Thanks.
Miguel Patricio: Let me answer your question and I ask Carlos to complement my thoughts. We see this as a great - we have seen and this is a great opportunity for us to - exactly to focus on SKUs with higher rotation and also from a supply standpoint to improve efficiencies in our factories and also on costs. So we see this move as a very positive. Carlos, do you want to comment more precisely in terms of numbers of what's going on for us?
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Sure Miguel. What I would say is a lot of it - we have done [Technical Difficulty]. So if you go  as we go into this year, we have reduced probably 20% of our SKUs versus what we had in '19. And I think this has been done to duration [ph] with our retail partners. So we're building together kind of level of trust and transparency to make sure that we impact, focus on our core but drive better velocity and actually allows us to have - to better service with our customers. So overall, I feel good about where we are and the progress we have made in this area. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard with Bernstein.
Alexia Howard: Good morning, everyone. Can you hear me okay?
Miguel Patricio: Yes.
Alexia Howard: Perfect. So I wanted to ask about the promotional path from here. You talked, I think in the prepared remarks about pulling back on promotions in January and February during Q1. Does that mean that we're likely to see a more elevated level of promotion year-on-year given the pullback that happened last year? And what does that mean for net pricing over the next couple of quarters? Thank you and I'll pass it on.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: I can start. Let me at least give you a perspective to first of all about the overall view of how we're thinking about our pricing and how that fits in terms of our promotions. I can tell you is, I feel good about our ability to pass through our cost inflation and as we see it and where we need to do it.
Miguel Patricio: We lost Carlos. So let me just pick up on that. I think Carlos froze out a little bit, Alexia. So we're going to come back, but I think where Carlos was going is in terms of the - what we're seeing going on in the marketplace and what we see unfolding is in Q1 we were able to sort of build further on, sorry, Carlos why don't you go ahead. He froze out at the start there.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Sorry, my apologies. Hopefully you can hear me okay now?
Alexia Howard: Sounds great.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Okay. Listen, this is the new world that we're still working through. So I appreciate the people patience. What I was getting at is  within the context of our pricing that we're looking at do know that in the, if you think about our quarters, seven of the last eight quarters, we actually were able to actually drive pricing as a positive contribution to our net sales. So we are seeing that our iconic brands are actually showing the pricing power. Now, when you look going forward, we will return to supporting key promotional window. So if you think about coming up Memorial Day, we also are going to be making sure that we show up in those moments. At the same time, we will implement the revenue management initiatives to drive share growth and improve the returns. And if I sit back and I try to summarize kind of how that we're thinking through this, the way I think of it is this three-prong approach. One, making sure we continue to renovate our portfolio to drive better value for our consumers that we improve the creative content of our marketing and that we strengthened and diversifying our media impressions. So all said, I feel good about our ability to deal with the inflation that we have and making sure we do this in a way that is positive for the company.
Alexia Howard: Great. Thank you very much. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Jason English: Hey. Good morning, folks. Thank you for sliding me in. to put a finer point on Alexia's question, do you expect pricing, net of everything to be positive in the U.S. in the back half of the year?
Paulo Basilio: Hi, Jason. Listen, as a matter of practice, we do not forecast pricing. But as we - and again, we are seeing that we're going to have - we're going to be up in the second half against some unusual comparisons in the back half. But as Carlos mentioned, we see a lot of levers for us to manage inflation through revenue management, through savings. So we're feeling pretty very good about where - how to manage our profitability that's coming from this inflation impact.
Jason English: Maybe to help us get a little more comfort on that let's flip to the cost side. I know you said sort of low end to mid singles plus $400 million of cost saves, I mean, that's - like a 2% sort of net inflation, I think. You can tell me if I'm wrong on that, but what does the cadence look like as we go through the year? I'm guessing given the move to some of these costs, your exit rate in the back half of this year is going to be substantially above that. And if I'm off base on that please correct me.
Paulo Basilio: We have a ramp up of gross inflation as the year progresses. But we also have a ramp up of our sales initiatives going on as the year progresses. And on top of that, we would have our - also our revenue management initiatives so again, I'm not going to give exactly quarterly number levels here, but that's how you should think about the progression of our base, our cost base.
Jason English: Okay, thank you.
Paulo Basilio: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Goldman with JPMorgan.
Ken Goldman: Hi. Thank you. I'm going to start beating on the debt inflation horse here. I know we're talking about it a lot but I just wanted to get a sense of how locked in you are on your raw materials for the rest of the year? I guess, putting in another way, is it fair to assume unless there's some big spikes in items that are harder to buy ahead - mid single-digit inflation is fairly safe to build in. I'm just trying to think if items like cheese and meat and coffee rise a bit higher - these are items that historically Kraft has locked in many months in advance at time. So I just wanted to get a sense of the risk either up or down to that - the guidance of mid single-digit inflation.
Paulo Basilio: Hi, Ken. This varies. And again, we have specifically in our Big 4  our key Big 4 commodities for the full year, we are seeing just a slight inflation, okay? We are going to have our heaviest comp in Q2 that you're going to be lapping a very low price in cheese last year in a high price of pork bellies this year. But overall, in terms of the Big 4 we are seeing a slight inflation. In terms of how we manage and hedge, it varies by type of areas. So there are some commodities that we go longer, beyond six months, nine months, there are other that are shorter, but this varies a lot. But what I can tell is overall when we see the scenarios of course there is a lot of volatility in these markets. But overall when we see where the commodities start today  the range of mid single-digit is what we're seeing. And again, as I said, we are seeing as overall as a percent of COGS in the low-end of this range.
Ken Goldman: Very quick follow-up, what are your experts telling you about how valid some of these prices we're seeing for corn and soybeans and meat given supply and demand? I guess I'm asking is there is a little bit of froth created by traders in the market right now.
Paulo Basilio: Ken I would not like to enter in this type of forecast. We are more focused on to be sure that we manage our cost for different levels of price and if we provide to our business specific hedging profile that allow the business to plan itself.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Laurent Grandet with Guggenheim.
Laurent Grandet: Yeah. Thank you. Good morning everyone and thanks for squeezing me in. So two questions, one on Canada. So Canada is definitely improving. So, could you please give us a bit more color about what's going on there and how sustainable and the gross and the rebound it is for the next few months and quarters?
Miguel Patricio: Well, let me answer that question. I think you are absolutely right. Canada is definitely improving, had a very good quarter. I think that we did much better job in terms of promotional calendar for Canada that last year we started with big promotions and that the ROI was not exactly - it was great. And we are being much more disciplined on our promotions and that's what it reflects, so there was a big increase in margin from 16% last year to about 22% this year. But it is not only on margin that Canada is improving. I'm very satisfied with the way that we are evolving on innovation pipeline, with marketing and creativity and digital marketing. I think we are having a very different Canada than we had just one - a year and a half ago.
Laurent Grandet: Thanks. And maybe a broader question on your straight [ph] brands so compared to [indiscernible] you laid down on that last year and now we are six, eight months within the implementation of that plan. So could you maybe tell us what you think - you've been very successful in implementing and you're ahead of what you expected and maybe some space or some strategic initiatives where you think you are sitting behind and why?
Miguel Patricio: I would say that, overall, we are very excited with our transformation plan. And it's deep and it's in all areas. We are all evolving and after one year, I would say that we are going in a much more accelerated rate than we could imagine and especially in a year that we are doing all this through Zoom meetings, working from home. So it surprised us velocity, the agility that we are having in all areas, in all areas from supply to marketing to finance to all areas of the company. But this is a journey. Using an analogy of baseball, I would say that we finished the first inning. We are now going to the second inning. But there is still a big game ahead of us to play, but we are excited about the possibility, the evolution.
Laurent Grandet: Thank you very much. I'll pass it on and [indiscernible] plan. Good work. Thanks.
Miguel Patricio: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Powers with Deutsche Bank.
Steve Powers: Yeah, hey, thanks. And maybe to build on that last question a bit. I think it's been a little while since we spoke in detail about employee engagement and morale at Kraft Heinz. And to some extent also about retailer engagement - Miguel you did speak to helping improve customer satisfaction in the prepared remarks. I guess as you step back and think about the journey over the past year and the progress made since 2019, can you update us on how you perceive your current standing against those teams today and how that feeds into your outlook as you go forward into '21 and beyond?
Miguel Patricio: Sure. I will comment on our employee engagement. I will ask Carlos to talk about customer satisfaction engagement specifically in U.S. We have great progress on that part as well. I would say that among everything  all things that we have been doing maybe employee engagement is where we have the biggest shift with our people much more engaged. And when I say this, this is of course is from quantitative research, but also qualitatively. So, our team is much more engaged working in a much more cooperative way. We've been eliminating silos that we had in the company and this year of this pandemic was - we were already organized in a different way and we had to be much, much faster in that way. I would say that morale is much higher. We have a much more engaged team. They understand the strategy we have ahead and they are excited about the journey that they are leaving. That being said, again, we still have a room for improvement and we'll continue working in that sense. Carlos, maybe you can comment on the customer side?
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Sure, Miguel. Thank you. And I can testify to what Miguel is saying that we have seen that across entire company. The level of engagement, the way that the teams are working with an agile mindset we do. Related to our customers what I can tell you is we are now in a much different place than we were a year ago. We have now been able to build trust with our key retailers. We are working in a part that includes a level of transparency, that we hadn't seen in the past and in fact our retailers are also - and partners are recognizing that. So I think that now when we hear from them directly that it feels like a new Kraft Heinz. We take that we've tried because it's - because of the work that we have now - and the collaborations we know we're doing with them in a way that we hadn't done in the past. So something for us to continue to build on, but thanks for the question.
Steve Powers: Thank you.
Operator: And at this time, I would currently would like to turn the call back over to Mr. Chris Jakubik.
Christopher Jakubik: Thank you and thanks everybody for joining us today. For analysts that have follow-up questions Andy Larkin and myself will be available to take them. And for the media Michael Mullen will be available for your calls. So again, thanks everybody for joining us today and have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-11 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Kraft Heinz Company Fourth Quarter Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers prepared remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Chris Jakubik. Sir, you may begin.
Chris Jakubik: Thank you, and hello, everyone. Thank you for joining our Q&A session today. As you know, during our remarks today, we will make some forward-looking statements that are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ due to risks and uncertainties, and these are discussed in our press release and our filings with the SEC. We will also discuss some non-GAAP financial measures today during the call, and these non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered a replacement for and should be read together with GAAP results. And you can find the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our earnings release. Before we begin, I do want to highlight that we will provide greater details on our 2021 initiatives during our presentation at the CAGNY conference this coming Tuesday. So today's session will be most productive if you limit yourself to one question and focus your questions on our results and the announcements that we have made today. With that, I'll hand it back to the operator, and we can start the Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Andrew Lazar of Barclays. Your line is open.
Andrew Lazar: Good morning, everybody.
Paulo Basilio: Good morning, Andrew.
Miguel Patricio: Good morning.
Andrew Lazar: Hi there. So I guess for my question, I'd like to explore a bit your expectations for full-year 2021, really in terms of your planning stance for demand. I guess some companies have been more aggressive in terms of their expectations around return to normalization and the impact on consumption, others may be somewhat more conservative. So I'm just trying to get a sense of how KHC is thinking about this in its guidance or what end of the spectrum the company is on in thinking about this and how conservative or not your planning stance may be for 2021? Thank you.
Miguel Patricio: Hi, Andrew, this is Miguel speaking. Well, we are looking at 2021 in a conservative way. We - but I have to say that we saw very strong consumption gains in January, and February is coming good as well. And if this persists at these types - at this level, we may have an upside in our results. But I think that with the environment so volatile, we better continue taking a quarter-by-quarter approach, which was the outlook that we gave you, and really concentrating our minds and our efforts on our transformation through our operating model. Paulo, I don't know if you have anything to add, but from my side...
Paulo Basilio: No. That's it, Miguel. I think also it's worthy to comment that we are - in our outlook, we are including the view that we have for inflation. And also, we are not considering the two divestitures that we've announced.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thank you very much.
Miguel Patricio: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Chris Growe of Stifel. Your line is open. 
Chris Growe: Hi, good morning.
Miguel Patricio: Good morning.
Chris Growe: Hi. I just had a question, if I could. Have you defined the amount of inflation you expect for the year and then how you hope to overcome that? I suspect thats through a combination of pricing and promotional efficiencies. But I want to get a better sense of like the magnitude of the inflation. And I wondered if you could speak to that, excluding Planters and Cheese. I know those were kind of pass-along commodity-type categories, but just trying to think about the ongoing portfolio and the effect on the business overall this year?
Paulo Basilio: Sure. Chris, this is Paulo here. So, we are seeing the same inflation. We're also seeing the inflation that you're seeing, and coming from non-commodities - non-key commodities, ingredients, especially packaging in transportation in the U.S. And we think that the level and the type of inflation that we are seeing, it's manageable, and it's in our outlook, as I mentioned. And we have two reasons that - behind that. The first one that, we are very confident on the supply chain efficiency programs that we have, that we'll expect to unlock savings across our supply chain. And the second is on our revenue management initiatives across the globe, that in combination with the innovation, renovation market investments that we're doing can help us with pricing, if we need. And as I said, we have incorporated this inflation in our outlooks today. I don't know if Carlos want to comment something on top of that.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: No. I think to reiterate your point, Paulo, that we feel that it's manageable. And I think that we are taking the appropriate revenue management initiatives to make sure that we can handle those things, as they come. Thank you.
Chris Growe: Just to be clear on that, is that mostly U.S.-based inflation? As I think about freight, in particular, its more of a U.S. issue? Or is there kind of a wider rate of inflation across the portfolio? Thank you.
Paulo Basilio : Yes. When you think about the commodities - the non-key commodities, ingredients and packaging across the globe, and think about the freight, the transportation is more focus in the U.S. And one thing also that you've mentioned, when you think about the key commodities, the big four commodities that we have, we are not really seeing a lot of year-over-year inflation through the year, okay, when you add all of them. So we were really talking about the non-key, non-big four commodities and packaging and transportation in the U.S.
Chris Growe: Thank you.
Miguel Patricio: Welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ken Goldman of JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Ken Goldman: Hi, good morning. Just to stay on the subject of cost and pricing. A few years ago, some manufacturers tried to pass through some list prices because of higher transportation costs. I think some of their customers at that time, on the retail side, push back saying, "Look, we'll give you some pricing when your ingredients go up." We've done that in the past, but kind of trucking is you're on your own. I would imagine that this time around, it's a little bit different. I just kind of wanted to get a sense for, given your higher costs in packaging, higher transportation and given the lack of elasticity, among consumers right now, how reluctant are some of your customers to allow you to take some pricing, whether it's on the list side or on fewer promo? I just wanted to get a sense for your relationship with them? And how much pushback you're getting on any kind of price increases you're trying to push through?
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Let me - I'll take that one. Just to give you kind of a view in terms of the U.S. and what we're seeing with our customers. First, I would say is, well, we see - let me start with the consumer. Our consumer right now, as we have shifted towards being very much focused on understanding what they're going through and so forth. I think they're certainly showing quite an amount of resiliency through this process that we're going through. And I think for us, our focus is, how do we make sure we drive the renovation of our portfolio to make sure that we can continue to drive the right value for us as for the consumer. Now we're balancing that, too, with making sure that we have the right revenue management initiatives. And when I say that, I say, using the full availability of our tools in our toolbox to be able to kind of handle the different pressures that maybe coming at us because of inflation. So, the way I think about it is, our focus is driving that better value to consumers by making sure we are improving our portfolio, making sure we continue to invest behind the marketing and improving the quality of our media, and making sure that we are seeing how that actually translated in us driving our improvement in shares throughout, like we did in 2020. So at this point, I would say, these are things that we can manage. And we don't see that as a major derailer as we go forward.
Operator: Thank you.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Thanks for the question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bryan Spillane of Bank of America. Your line is open.
Bryan Spillane: Hey, good morning. So, I guess, my question is just related to the divestitures. And maybe, Paulo, could you give us a sense of - I know we have a sense now of what the deleveraging impact will be. But could you give us a sense of maybe what the dilution would be to EBITDA or to earnings? And I guess trying to get underneath, not just EBITDA going out the door, but maybe the scope of stranded overhead, or is, there any other meaningful cost that we should be thinking about, as we're sort of trying to look at the model ex divestitures?
Paulo Basilio: Sure. No. So when you look at this business, it's a business that has an average margin that is lower than the average - that has a margin that is lower than the average margin of the company. And we are really expecting minimal dilution from these divestitures, okay? And also - we are also working internally here from now until we close to try to even offset that. So I think what I could tell you today is exactly that, that it's a business with a margin below the average of the company and expecting minimal dilution. And I think we have time even for this minimal dilution to work internally to try to offset it.
Bryan Spillane: Okay. And that's true for the cheese business as well? So when you look at both divestitures, we shouldn't expect a lot of earnings dilution from both of them?
Paulo Basilio: When you look about the cheese divestitures, as I mentioned before, we were expecting around a 5% dilution. And - but again, the same way for these divestitures, we are also working now with this two business out of the company to limit this other - the dilution.
Bryan Spillane: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jason English of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Jason English: Hey, good morning, folks. Thanks for sneaking me in. I appreciate it. I guess, I kind of want to come back to a similar question, but it's all about trying to determine where you're going to land on EBITDA for the year. Can you put a finer point on the comment that you made in your press release that you expect EBITDA to come in ahead of your strategic plan? What does it imply? Like where would your strategic plan place you? How much upside do you see? And back to Spillane's question, how much EBITDA is leaving with Planters and cheese, please? Thank you.
Paulo Basilio: So it's Paulo, again. So listen, we are not giving point estimations for our full-year 2021 EBITDA. But what we are conveying here is that we - as Miguel mentioned, we had very good start for 2021. I think we gave a good clarity on our Investor Day about the curve that we had for our EBITDA through our strat plan. And again, we are seeing an upside on that. And this upside is coming from - not only from at-home consumption that we are seeing coming from this COVID situations, but also from better performance that we have in the business - in many areas of the business, including supply chain. So that is how we are seeing that.  And again, of course, we're going to be lapping at a very strong 2020 performance, but we are very confident and how we are starting the year and the potential upside that we have. And we're very happy that we are seeing a stronger beginning of the year and a stronger potential performance for us in 2021. About the impact from divestitures, it's pretty much what I was mentioning the question before about, we expect pretty much from the Planters business a minimal dilution, and we are working internally to offsetting even this dilution, this is more dilution that we can see now.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Palmer from Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
David Palmer: Hi, good morning. Just wanted to follow-up on the cost picture, productivity savings and other things that might impact 2021 versus 2020. It sounded like you said that commodity costs would be fairly benign. But perhaps you can dig into that versus freight and logistics, where we've heard about some inflation and how that might net across against your productivity plans? Thanks.
Miguel Patricio: Paulo, you want to start on that one?
Paulo Basilio: Sorry. Can you repeat the question? You cut here.
David Palmer: Sure. A question on some of the gives and takes with regard to your margins and EBITDA for 2021.
Paulo Basilio: Okay.
David Palmer: You mentioned commodity costs were fairly benign. But I'm wondering if maybe you can put some expectations or quantify that a little bit more about your commodity outlook and also talk about freight and logistics. We've heard a good bit of inflation is out there on the shipping side. If you could maybe break that out or speak to that net of productivity plans for this year? Thanks.
Paulo Basilio: Yes. As  yes, now that's clear. We are seeing the inflation as I was mentioning before, we are seeing the inflation. When you separate this, we see inflation coming from the same type of inflation that you're seeing. It's a broad inflation from non-key commodities and also packaging. And we also see inflation coming on the transportation in the U.S., okay? On the big four commodities that we have, we are not seeing any of inflation, okay? So it's more stable. And as I was mentioning, the type of inflation that we're seeing and the level that we are seeing, we believe is manageable through not only the supply chain initiatives that we have, but also with the revenue management initiatives that we were describing, Carlos was mentioning in a few questions ago. But again, we are seeing the inflation. We believe it's manageable and it's embedded in our outlook.
David Palmer: Thanks.
Paulo Basilio: Welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alexia Howard of Bernstein. Your line is open.
Alexia Howard: So you talked about the Taste Elevation platform doing very well, and you've got slide 7 to demonstrate that. Can you talk explicitly about exactly which products and which geographies are working best there and whether you expect that momentum to continue?
Miguel Patricio: Well, actually, we are doing pretty well on Taste Elevation across the board, and there's not one specific country. Of course, that - since U.S. is so critical in our portfolio, U.S. is a big part of this growth. But I would mention Canada, U.K., Australia but even the emerging countries like Brazil, Russia, Middle-East we are doing very well in Taste Elevation. We are having record shares with our brand Heinz with ketchup and sauces everywhere in the world. But it's not only Heinz. We have line parents. We have Heinz Mayo. We have - basically, our portfolio - the entire portfolio on Taste Elevation doing very, very well, both growing volume and share.
Alexia Howard: Do you expect that momentum to continue even as the pandemic eases?
Miguel Patricio: I do. And I think that we have a pretty strong innovation plan ahead that will strengthen that performance. I think we have great momentum, and that will continue.
Alexia Howard: Great. Thanks very much.
Paulo Basilio: Just to build Miguel's point, I think you're going to hear more about it when we go through our CAGNY discussions. But - because I think that this - our Taste Elevation has proven to be an advantaged part of our business, that will be something that we will continue to lever as we go forward. Thank you.
Alexia Howard: Great. Thank you, all.
Miguel Patricio: And then just continue building on that. This is our true global platform, and we are benefiting from experiences and tests that we are doing in countries and leveraging and scaling it up in other countries much faster than we did in the past. We are working much better as a team.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Lavery of Piper Sandler. Your line is open.
Michael Lavery: You noted that your marketing spend was up 11% last year. Does that get you to where you think is about the right level? Or should we expect more investments there? And when you say, further prioritization efforts are underway, is that a reallocation of spending? Or does that mean just giving more money to the priority initiatives or a bit of both?
Miguel Patricio: So we - in our strategic review, we talked about increasing 30% marketing in five years. So, last year we increased more than what would be the CAGR for five years, of course. This year, we are seeing great opportunities for us, on efficiencies in marketing. We are going - we are buying media in a much better way. We have a new contract with great savings on media. We are improving our creative and content. And really sweating the assets, and leveraging a better ROI. So I think that, things are in accordance to plan in marketing. And we are going to get better every year. And we are very excited with that. Carlos, I don't know if there's anything you want to add, but...
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: No, you covered it well. Thanks, Miguel.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Jonathan Feeney of Consumer Edge. Your line is open.
Jonathan Feeney: Thanks very much for the question. What - I look at the Natural Cheese divestiture versus Planters, certainly some similarities around the challenges in differentiating the customer, but there's also some important differences. And I would love to know, what's the bright line within Planters? You listed some things, that make sense to make, but you have - where you decided it was maybe divest - something that wasn't a problem not worth trying to solve, relative to many other brands where you are having success, rethinking, reframing, driving the brand to success where maybe there hasn't been in the past. Just what were the attributes that really put you over the line, that this is something that's better in someone else's hands?
Miguel Patricio: Look, Planters is a very iconic, very strong brand. So this is not something that we took lightly. But to improve our portfolio, we must focus on areas where we see the greatest competitive advantage, the greatest potential and returns. And when I - we look at the Planters, Planters is one of the brands that is most affected by private label, in our portfolio. It's also, of course, affected as a commodity. And so when we looked at that, in order to have more flexibility towards the future on building a portfolio, I think that we made that choice. And we are very happy with that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Powers of Deutsche. Your line is open.
Steve Powers: So I guess, two follow-ups on the Planters divestment, if I could. First is just the 15 times EBITDA multiple that you articulated on slide 22 of your deck today. I just want to clarify does that include overheads in the implied EBITDA base that will be stranded? I appreciate that you'll try to offset that, but just wanted to confirm. And then, strategically, I guess just to press a bit on Jonathan's question from a moment ago. Back in September, Real Food Snacking was something that you highlighted as a growth platform, and I'm assuming it still is. Planters, was part of that. And so, I appreciate and understand the rationale that you're articulating today around why Planters might not fit as well going forward, especially at the deal price that you've announced today. But what was - was there a strategic pivot? Was there something that happened between September and today aside from an offer coming in that changed your perspective on Planters? Because again, it was positioned as part of that growth platform five, six months ago. Thank you.
Paulo Basilio: Okay. So let me get the first one here and then ask Carlos to take the second part of your question. So yes, when you look at the multiple that we disclosed that is like 15 times 2020 and 17 times 2019, it includes some small allocation of stranded costs, a small part of that. That - it includes in both numbers, okay, in the 17 times '19 and the 15 times 2020. I'm going to ask Carlos to get the second part of your question about the platform.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Yes. Thank you. And you're right. The idea of us focusing Real Food Snacking is something that we laid out in September, and we continue to be very much focused on driving that as part of our growth platform. And that - just want to be clear, that has not changed. I think today, you saw in the press release that we highlighted, there's still two specific areas within Real Food Snacking that we believe we have huge amount of advantages, and we're going to continue to drive those as we go forward.  Specifically, we think about real fuel for kids, where lunch both is a cornerstone of that particular area and segment as well as real meal alternative where we think about adult opportunities to substitute meals, things like what we see in areas like P3, for example.  So when I look at the entire strategy, I think it's for us, we continue to stay focused on Real Food Snacking. The transaction today is actually only going to help us add additional fuel to support the strategy that we laid out in September. Thanks for the question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jenna Giannelli of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Jenna Giannelli : Thank you so much for taking the question. In your prepared comments, you said that IG was important to you, but obviously, without sacrificing the speed of the transformation. I'm curious in your mind where the business and leverage needs to be in order to get to IG? And in your mind, what are the primary benefits of achieving that rating? Thank you.
Paulo Basilio: Let me take this one. Listen, we believe investment grade, as I said, is important for the company. As we were mentioning also, we closed the year at 3.7 times. We want to be consistently before below 4 times net leverage in the organization. And this is - and we believe we are on track to get now to stay there - to stay - to get them stay below 4 times, even without the two divestitures that we've announced, okay?  The proceeds of these two additional divestitures would give us additional 0.5 turn of deleverage. And this would give us flexibility and I think that is important, flexibility to accelerate our strategy. And this acceleration would kind of like organically, inorganically with the initiatives that we are forming here. And again, that is the plan that we have today. We want to keep the leverage below four times, and we are on track to be there. I think the proceeds from the divestitures are going to give us additional flexibility to accelerate our strategy. And again, we are very comfortable with the path that we have in terms of deleveraging with our credit position. So, we are feeling very good on the capital structure and credit side.
Operator: At this time, I'd like to turn the call back over to Miguel Patricio for any closing remarks.
Miguel Patricio: Okay. Well, I wanted to thank you all for being with us here. I just wanted to finish and say that we are - I couldn't be more optimistic and positive about the momentum that we have in the company right now. We are progressing fast in this transformation journey that we are. We have today a very different company that we had 12 months ago. We have a much better team. We have a far better employee morale and engagement despite the fact that we've been all working from home. We have the priorities in terms of strategy and geographies very well defined, so we have a north. We talked about efficiencies in the supply area, and we brought them, we executed them, despite the fact that we had the best year in quality and safety in our plants. We put back in marketing $100 million in 2020. And we are starting the year strong. Jan and Feb are strong months for us. We have new households with - getting better in market share every quarter. We have a very strong renovation and innovation that we are going to share with you better at CAGNY. Investment levels are ramping up. And from a financial standpoint, this transformation is well underway. We are on track to remain below four times leverage. The 2021 financials will be ahead of our strategic plan. And the divestures that we just announced will accelerate deleveraging, increasing flexibility for accretive investment. So we - one year ago, we had a lot of hopes and plans. I would say we are ahead of where we thought we could be. Thank you very much. Thank you for your time.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference. Thank you all participating. You may all disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-29 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day. My name is Kevin, and I'll be your operator today. At this time, I'd like to welcome everyone to The Kraft Heinz Company Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. I will now turn the call over to Chris Jakubik, Head of Global Investor Relations. Mr. Jakubik, you may begin.
Chris Jakubik: Hello, everyone, and thank you for joining our earnings call. As you know during our remarks today, we will make some forward-looking statements that are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ due to risks and uncertainties and these are discussed in our press release and our filings with the SEC.  We will also discuss some non-GAAP financial measures during the call today. These non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered a replacement for and should be read together with GAAP results. You can find the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our earnings release. We will begin today's call with Miguel Patricio, our CEO providing a brief business update. Carlos Abrams-Rivera will then review performance in our U.S. business. Paulo Basilio, our CFO will discuss our financial performance and near term outlook, then we will all be available to take your questions.  With that, I'll hand it to Miguel.
Miguel Patricio: Well, thank you Chris. And good morning, everyone. I would like to start our business update by sharing the sentiment I provided earlier today in our earnings release. You have heard me say frequently that we were cautiously optimistic about the path forward. But our momentum has been building, causing us to turn more confidently optimistic. This is based on three facts. First, in the previous two quarters, our results benefited from the scale that Kraft Heinz could bring in the immediate response to the pandemic. Our exceptionally strong third quarter performance reflects the agility of our organization and our ability to sustain momentum. Second, the changes in consumer priorities continue to support greater at home consumption and increased demand for our brands. And third, our strategic work is moving from planning and organizing into action. Based on these three factors, we are raising our 2020 outlook and continue to expect 2021 results to be ahead of the strategic plan we finalized earlier this year.  To better make these points. Let me share a few relevant charts. Slide 6 presents an updated view of our at home or retail versus away from home or food service sales performance. The charts show Kraft Heinz's year on year sales growth by geography from Q1 through Q3. The abrupt and unprecedented shifting between at home and away from home consumption that we saw in the first half of the year continued through the third quarter. At our Investor Day, we spoke at length about the many things we have been doing to become more creative, more agile and more efficient. And despite both volatile demands, and in some areas constrained capacity, our teams around the world are demonstrating their ability to adapt to demand through a mindset of growth. Our agility led to a very strong second half of September, as retail demand accelerated yet again, and we responded effectively and efficiently. As a result, our Q3 top and bottom line performance was stronger that's what we projected at our Investor Day on September 15. We have talked about 2020 being the first year of a turnaround. We said, it would be a year in which we laid the foundation for future growth, stabilized our underlying profitability and maintain our industry leading margins, all while we rebuilt our business momentum. It is clear that this is happening, as you can see on slide seven. From the first half through the third quarter, we have sustained underlying top and bottom line moment. Even as we take on additional COVID related costs and supply constraints, we have been keeping our cost of goods under control. Also as we outlined in February, we are resetting our base through divestiture, business exit and the normalization of incentive compensation. Our underlying growth is tracking with our strategy. Platform growth is consistent with the portfolio rolls we have defined with grow platforms up 7% year-to-date and energize platforms up 8%. And what we find very encouraging is that, while taste elevation is growing middle single-digits, excluding food service, taste elevation is growing roughly 20%.  Emerging markets growth is accelerating, up 9% in Q3 versus 7% year-to-date. The simplification that our platform approach and portfolio rolls bring is a key enabler in guiding us and measuring our success as we move through off fence. This visibility is critical as consumers preferences evolve and we need to adapt to serve different needs. Which brings me to another reason for our confidence in our past going forward. We are seeing consumer preferences evolve in ways that indicates that elevated demand for both at home consumption and big trusted brands will remain strong going forward. We are seeing stickiness in at home consumption, as consumers discover or rediscover cooking at home and at home meal experience.  We see them reassessing the shopping trip. With bigger baskets and greater bundling, affordability is the rising concern which should be a benefit to those companies that are fast to adapt and have a strong presence up and down the price value ladder. Consumers are gravitating towards big brands and our retail partners are reassessing assortment with availability and velocity, a key determinant for it.  And consumers are increasingly choosing brands that can better align with their values. These consumer trends are tailwinds, causing us to turn more confidently optimistic in the near term. The actions we have already taken to put our operating model in motion and the things that we needed to fix the most heading to our turnaround are many of the same things needed to adapt to an unpredictable environment with faster, greater changes in the consumer demand. For instance, since late last year, we focused on improving our people efforts by revamping and deploying new training and development programs. In many ways, we were also ahead of the game in our efforts to reduce stress and burn out and boost moral [ph]. And just last week, Kraft Heinz was named to the top quartile of Forbes Magazine list of World's Best Employers, after not even making the list of 750 companies last year. This is very positive reinforcement for all our efforts. We have talked our plans about the many things as a way to transform our company, from adapting our innovation pipeline to eliminating waste, to driving productivity as well as better planning with our partners, and ramping up investments in our brands, and our capacity, and our reach ecommerce and emerging markets. The point is that we now have the framework and visibility to distort resources, reverse savings, where we have the most advantage, and the greatest opportunities to grow. And most important, we are moving from planning and organizing to action.  I will close my opening comments by summarizing a few points. We had stronger than expected Q3 results due to the greater agility we are creating. The consumer trends we are seeing and the actions under way give us more confidence that our momentum will remain strong in the near-term. And we expect to continue exceeding our regional strategic plan into 2021.  I will pass it on to Carlos now to provide more color on how we are seeing this taking shape in our biggest business. 
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Thank you, Miguel and good morning everyone. I think that analogy I will use to describe this past quarter is that we successfully have been driving down the road at 90 miles per hour to keep up with all the demand while we are changing the tires. Now that takes ownership and agility and our teams are showing it in speed.  As Miguel mentioned, our third quarter results demonstrate our new organization quickly adapt to opportunities, and it was evident across our U.S. business as we finish out the quarter. As you can see on Slide 12, we maintain a strong momentum in both the top and bottom line. Organic net sales growth reflected higher household penetration and repeat rates and a revenue management discipline. An outstanding execution and efficiency in operations and procurement resulted in strong adjusted EBITDA gain, even as a number of headwinds began to have a greater impact in Q3.  With this, while demand shifted between channels on a week to week basis and the organization advanced the divestiture of our natural cheese business. While we cant predict the future three things give us further cause for concern, as Miguel mentioned, we are encouraged by the continuing trend to our greater at home consumption. Second is that we are seeing more consumers coming back to our brands. And third, we are now better positioned to retain and grow both new and loyal consumers respond to rapidly changing demand and further capitalize on the gains we have made in the last nine months. Keeping with a driving analogy, operationally, we have turned a corner. I am pleased to share that we have rapidly moved from reorganizing to execution. And we are now in position to properly deploy resources and execute in a way that continues to build on the positive consumption trends we're experiencing. To give you a better idea of what this means. In people, our new business unit structure is now fully operational and fully staffed. We have made recent external leadership additions in consumer insights and sales leads with major customers. These additions complement several internal placements in new or evolve critical role. All helping to carry out a new foundation of processes with a growth mindset. The work we have done to put people first is paying off. We have seen higher engagement among our current employees. And we are continuing to attract top tier talent into the organization more rapidly than ever before. And we're building and strengthening both organizational and individual capabilities. This includes leveraging digital as an enabler, which will allow us to accelerate our growth and raise the bar on what it means to be a better. Turning to our platforms. Significant work on all six platforms is underway in the U.S. zone. And what results will be more evident in 2021. I'll show in a moment that we have already stored resources and investment to fuel our grow and energize platforms. In our ops centers, collaboration across our entire supply chain contribute a significant amount to our success this quarter. Including holding cost of goods under control. Even with incremental COVID driven cuts, demand volatility and supply constraint. In addition, our focus on operational excellence in manufacturing has enabled us to increase year-over-year production in the low single digit range overall, and by roughly 20% on lines where we have constrained supply relative to strong demand. In Q3, this include relieving constraints in high demand categories like cocas, cream cheese, mac and cheese and stuffing, helping us to sustain already strong household penetration and share trends, which I'll talk about shortly. And anticipating continue demand, we expect to go from double to triple digit investment dollars to improve capacity in 2021. We've also made significant progress in our partner program, with customer citing much earlier and much deeper planning than in the past. To date, we have conducted more than 40 top-to-top meetings with key retailers with another 40-planned in the coming weeks. In each meeting, we are sharing our transformational plans as well a joint business plans for the coming year. It's allowing us to be more strategic in category development and value creation. And while we're doing a lot to maintain retail momentum, we're also finding opportunities to better support our food service partners. From piloting new innovations like steel-touch dispensers to helping create unique menu items to drive traffic and sales for our partners. We have quickly be with it to adapt to market needs. All of this is beginning to result in consumers voting more often for us. As you can see on Slide 14, our retail market share has been continuously improving over the past year, running up to the end of September. This has been driven by an improvement in the overall health of the portfolio. As we have had increased capacity, invested in marketing, adapted our communication and built stronger collaborations with our customers. The percent of our retail sales where we grow and share has gone from only 20% in the first half to 41% in Q3 and up to 58% in September. And we are fixing our biggest categories. As the percent of our categories where we are gaining share has gone from 36% to 49% over the same time period. Some of this is due to resolving supply constraint in some key categories. For instance, Oscar Mayer cocas, part of our fast fresh meals platform and an area we are energizing saw share growth this quarter for the first time in 18-months. This was the result of fast adapting a product mix to raw materials availability, and capacity constraints, as well as the agility to activate and execute differently with customers. Some of this is due to greater focus and prioritization that our platform approach is bringing. For instance, in our taste elevation platform, we grew market share during Q3 in over 70% of the categories we compete. More importantly, we are well positioned and have the right plans in place to build them. I have shown previously that our household penetration is one of the inherited strength of our portfolio relative to the industry. And how this has strengthened further since the onset of COVID-19. We continue to see increase household penetration and repeat rates across a sizable portion of their portfolio, including core brands, like Kraft Mac and Cheese, Philadelphia and Planters. But what is most encouraging is the rate of new buyer repurchasing our products two or more time, we've now doubled the rate versus what weve seen last year. To build our base of loyal consumers and keep this momentum going, we are stepping up our marketing investment by 40% in the second half of this year, compared with the second half last year, and 70% compared with the first half of this year. We will have more work in dollars as a percent of our span as well. To close here, our third quarter was very encouraging as we began to see ourselves bringing agility to our scale. And with our organization prioritization and 2021 plans in place. We are well positioned to sustain the momentum we have benefited from so far in 2020.  With that, I'll turn it over to Paulo to talk through our financial results and outlook. 
Paulo Basilio: Thank you, Carlos. And good morning everyone. I will quickly walk through some key highlights of our results and then provide our expectations for the plans forward. I will begin where Carlos left off with the US business. Organic net sales in the US increased 7.4% in spite of a roughly 1 point drag from the Mac FX [ph] which began July 1. Volume mix growth across retail, e-commerce and club channels was strong and more than offset lower food services sales. Pricing was up 4% from a combination of lower promotional activity in certain categories to protect customer service, selective blend price actions and commodity driven pricing primarily in cheese. These effects are expected to fade in Q4 as we begin to wrap prior year pricing actions. And we expect to return to more normal levels of promotional activity. At adjusted EBITDA even though we saw the key headwinds mentioned on our last earnings call, better retail performance, positive pricing, favorable mix, and strong procurement deficiencies more than offset those impacts. In our international segment, Q3 top-line performance, check three of the boxes of the strategy we outlined [indiscernible] at Investor Day. First, we delivered the mid-single digit growth with a relatively balanced contribution from volume and price. Second, growth was led by emerging markets with outside gains in priority markets, including Russia, Brazil and in taste elevation in China. And finally, we advanced our aspiration of global leadership in taste elevation with over 1 of share growth in that part. Taking together, this top-line growth fuelled 6.8% constant currency adjusted EBITDA growth and more than offset higher supply chain costs, including incremental COVID-related expenses, and normalized incentive compensation. Looking forward, our outlook for the International segment is largely consistent with what we expressed in July. We anticipate results specifically on the top-line to soften in the remainder of the year compared to the year-to-date trend. Finally, in Canada, Q3 organic net sales growth decelerated relative to the first half. Here, lower coffee and food sub-shipments more than offset pricing gains and strong platform growth. In fact, Q3 retail consumption for easy meals made better in taste elevation, our two priority consumer platforms in Canada, grew at a double-digit rate and we increased share in 70% of all categories. Constant currency adjusted EBITDA improved sequentially, as we fully lapsed the divestiture of the Canadian, which is built in Q3. That said, we still saw declines versus prior year due to the Mac FX. Excluding the Mac FX impact, constant currency adjusted EBITDA would have been virtually flat with the prior year as consumption growth offsets supply chain cost inflation mainly logistics, as well as high incentive compensation. For Q4, we expect a combination of softer food services sales this year in seasonally strong Mac FX sales in the prior year to weigh on organic sales. These effects are likely to mask strong, although moderating retail consumption growth in carry forward price initiatives. EBITDA is likely to be more resilient and remain near run-rate margin levels with positive pricing and favorable mix more or less offsetting higher operational costs. Looking at the total company results, there are two things I'd like to highlight before going to our outlook. One is the low EBITDA items and the other is free cash flow. In July, we reiterated our prior forecast for $0.38 below the line headwinds due to a combination of higher tax, lower other income and higher equity compensation. Those three factors played out mostly as expected in Q3 with $0.12 negative impacts to adjusted EPS. That brought the year-to-date impact to $0.31 and remains in line with an approximate impact of $0.38 for the full year, a few item rank the rating today. Also keep in mind, that this impact is primarily non-cash in nature. In terms of free cash flow, year-to-date 2020 free cash flow has more than doubled compared with the first nine months of 2019. Much of the increase has been driven by year-to-date sales and adjusted EBITDA growth. However some of it is also due to favorable approval timing and lower CapEx spend which we expect to reverse in Q4. Furthermore, working capital as a source of cash should be comparatively less than it was in Q4 last year as we aim to reduce inventory levels.  That said, we are confident that free cash flow will be significantly better than 2019 levels. And we would expect free cash flow conversion to be roughly in line with our long term target of a 100% for the full year in 2020. Given where we are in the year and based on what you have been seen to-date, we are raising our outlook for Q4 and for the full year. We now expect organic net sales to grow mid-single-digits in Q4, as that would result in mid-single-digit growth for the full year. For adjusted EBITDA, we see high single-digit constant currency growth in the fourth quarter. And for the full year, we are now expecting high single-digit constant currency adjusted EBITDA growth. In terms of cash flow and leverage, we expect the strong performance to-date to result in a 100% free cash flow conversion for the year and net leverage to be approximately four times by the end of the year. Looking into 2021, we now have things in place to accelerate our investment with a strong visibility on returns and built on the momentum we established this year.  It is difficult to predict consumer behavior and the balance between at home versus away from home consumption going forward. So we will focus on what we do control, in fact our objectives are proper. From an organic sales perspective, our focus will be to retain and develop market household gains we made in 2020, and improve our growth trajectory from agile portfolio management. For EBITDA, we will accelerate the growth investments especially towards emerging markets and deliver adjusted EBITDA above our strategic plan. We continue to be committed to a strong return of cash to shareholders and we will continue to reduce gross debt outstanding, accelerated by the proceeds of the pending Cheese transaction.  With that, let me turn it back to Miguel to close.
Miguel Patricio: Thank you Paolo. To quickly summarize what we have seen and what we see going forward, our momentum remains strong as we rebuild our company through a mindset of growth. We are now moving to offense, able to reinvest savings and realize near-term upside in a purposeful prioritized way. And we expect to continue performing ahead of our strategic plan.  Now, we would be happy to take your questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Ken Goldman with JP Morgan.
Ken Goldman: Hey, good morning. You mentioned affordability as an increasing concern for consumers but, at the same time that that's happening we're seeing private label across almost all categories do quite poorly in terms of share. I'm just curious you have some exposure to store brands in your categories, what is your research recently telling you about maybe why private label isnt doing a little bit better in this environment?
Miguel Patricio: Well, let me start that and then [indiscernible]. We havent really felt the effect of the crisis that we have. So that is ex-GDP. We continue to see a pretty big acceleration in consumption. And of course part of that is; number one, because of how consumption growing because of the pandemic. But number two, because of consumers going back to first the brand. I think that at this moment, there's a big need for brands that people trust. That's a big trend from the past, there was a need of experimentation of brands and other things. What we see at this moment related to affordability is a change towards the fact. So we are selling more [indiscernible] than we were before. So mix impact. Carlos you've got to complement if you have?
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Yes, Miguel. So, I guess let me just go back to something that I said during Investor Day, which is not so much about fighting with private label as it is co-existing with private label. I think at this time, what consumers are looking from us is to make sure we continue to emphasize the value that we can bring. And we certainly do that with our brands. If you think about all the recessions, big brands tend to win as well as some of the private label. But then smaller brands actually do not perform as well. And I think that's playing out that way. So, if you look at our Q3 results, our shares actually improved throughout the quarter. And as we go into Q4, we can continue to invest behind our marketing. We've seen that continuing in the next quarter as well. 
Miguel Patricio: Thank you. 
Ken Goldman: Thanks. Can I have just quick follow up to Paulo, just a clarification? You said you expect to reduce gross debt next year. Is there anything we should read into that that you said gross and not net debt? Do you also expect, I guess, to have your net debt lower at the end of '21 than it is at the end of 2020?
Paulo Basilio: Yes, I made that list. And we are generating cash. As we said, we have a very strong cash generation this year, you have to pay down pretty much more than $1 billion in debt already. And just to say that we intend to keep paying down debt next year with a strong cash flow that this company here generates. But the dimension was pretty much to say that you're going to use, you're going to be paying down that every year to focus on the gross debt reduction. And of course, as you generate cash, our net debt also will go down.
Ken Goldman: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Lazar with Barclays.
Andrew Lazar: Good morning, everybody. Carlos, we've noticed you've obviously brought on quite a bit of new talent at high levels in a number of areas, but perhaps most visibly in sales. Having recently hired a new Head of US Sales and National Accounts. And I'm sure some others that I'm missing. Maybe you can talk a little bit in terms of what skill sets you were looking for when you brought some of these folks on. And some of the other efforts you've been making, specifically on the sales side. And maybe what you're seeing as far as a result, especially with key retail partners, which I know has certainly been an area of focus for the company?
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Thank you, Andrew, and we do appreciate you recognizing the changes we're making. And let me start with giving you a little bit of context about how we rethinking our sales organization. And for us, it was around how do we actually build agility in the organization and in three different pieces? How do we reorganize our structure, upgrading our processes and really stalling grid discipline and how we spend? So, I mean I think you speak about the reorganization we have made. We have brought new talent, and I think what I'm most proud of is the huge amount of experience and diversity of thinking that we're also bringing into Kraft Heinz. And we're also making sure we are changing how our account structure so that we can focus on those critical partners. And then internally, we have also centralized our customer development and revenue management teams to make sure we really leverage our scale in a different way. So, as you said, some of the key times we have not only a new Head of Sales, but people under him actually account for over 50% of our overall sales in the US. So, that is a significant new leadership that we have put into critical places. And then as we work with our customers, I'll tell you that one of the things that they also think to be noticing is that we have also upgraded our processes. So we are pulling forward planning cycle to make sure we better match their timelines, which something that we haven't done in the past. And then making sure we have that greatest discipline that I spoke about, which is, make sure we have clear planning timelines that we commit and deliver. And we have the clarity to drive accountability and speed internally.  And if you take a step back, Andrew, I think what you see is that that kind of improved execution is showing up both in terms of our growth, as well as the sequential improvement we're seeing in market share.  So, I am very pleased with the talent that we bring in the organization, again with the discipline, with the experience, and the diversity of thinking that I think is going to continue to make us a stronger company as we go forward. Thank you. 
Andrew Lazar: Thanks for that. Just a quick follow up then would be. You've talked a lot about bringing on additional capacity, particularly in some categories where you've been most constrained. Is there any way to dimensionalize, maybe what percentage of that capacity is third party manufacturers versus putting more of your own capital in the ground? And the reason I asked that is to try and get a sense of that that could be also a total on sort of your expectations around how much of this incremental demand could really be sticky by putting more of your own capital in versus flexibility of a copacker? Thanks so much.
Miguel Patricio: No, thank you. And thanks for the question. So, I think the way I think about in terms of capacity is there are some pockets of capacity constraints, but really nothing that should be holding us back in a significant way. We have been making significant strides on improving our capacity in those lines that we have constrained. I think you have to talk about the fact that in those constraints line, we've actually driving 20% more out of those lines that we have ever done. So, it's also both making sure that we address that. But also is that we are also more agile to making sure we put the capacity that we have where we need it and working with our customers in collaborative way.  And some of that agility that also translates on how we actually working with our partners differently. Because we know that for example, let me just take one, which is Mac & Cheese. Well Mac & Cheese really the only constraint we have within Mac & Cheese cups. So what we have done is work collaborative with our retail partners, so that we can actually flex our marketing and promotion so that we can emphasize our box Mac & Cheese. And that kind of segmentation and focusing with our partners into the places where we do have a lot of capacity that actually has worked well. And it also is part of the reason why you're seeing that translating to improved share performance.
Andrew Lazar: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow: Hi, thanks. A couple of questions. The first is on the market share improvements. It looks pretty impressive. Can you give a little more color on what categories are improving the most? And maybe explain what you did so that we can feel comfortable that those shares are sticky? Was it product? Was it pricing what's fixed?  And then secondly on inventory and supply chain. Glad to see that you're accelerating everything. Are retailers asking for more inventory than normal though? And when you say that the environment will go back to normal in fourth quarter, maybe a little more color on the -- as infection rates are rising higher, do you actually have to expand capacity well beyond your normal situation in order to satisfy what retailers want? Thanks.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: If I can take that one at least for the U.S., and then if there's anything else, Miguel, you want to come in for performance on share. What I will say is that if you look at the way we're now thinking about our business. Were looking at how we go from 55 categories to the six platforms that we identified during Investor Day. I think the thing that is very encouraging for us is that we are seeing strong performance across all six growth platforms. Particularly the two areas we designated as growth platform around taste, elevation and easy meals made better. Those are adding really strong penetration rates. So, it is not only the fact that we are driving, improved share, but also is that we actually continue to drive the penetration in the places we really are going after. And that is done because of the work that we're doing. So for example, there are things we're doing taste elevation. And let me take the example the Heinz brand, we are benefiting as we are actually focused on those co-schools that we identified during our Investor Day, whether that was burgers and fries and nuggets, and those locations are actually driving even higher.  So, the places that we said that we're going to be focusing on are actually the behavior that we've seen consumers actually doing more of as we go into this in most recent quarters. And then if you look at things like eating meals made better, we have areas like mac and cheese. We also seen how they continued to come back as they are now understanding how good the product is. How they're doing more prepared meals at home, whether that is with mac and cheese, or with our classical plasticizer, or either potatoes. So, it's a combination of us improving on the way we think about our consumers with a stronger focus on the consumer platform, as well as continue to drive improved focus on our penetration of our brands and driving with better marketing.  Before I get to your questions about the overall inventory levels, I dont know Miguel anything else you wanted to comment in terms of share. 
Miguel Patricio: Yes. I complementing what you said. He means the national the International zones, we are seeing stable for [indiscernible]. The most remarkable growth is coming from Brazil, from Russia, and from the Middle East. In Canada, we are actually gaining share in 70% of the categories that we operate. We have problems with coffee, especially because of Mac FX. That is not in the face and thats very representative for Canada. It was about 5% of the net sales for business in Canada. But generally, this will no longer be in the base. So, that complements the great momentum we have in US [indiscernible] things in reference in some of our products [indiscernible] very good momentum. 
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Thank you, Miguel. And then Rob, I think the other part of your question was around the inventory levels. I think that what we -- let me just -- I guess, put it within the context first of all, we saw in Q3, which is we did see some rebuilding of retail inventories, when you look at year-over-year. But that would really as a result of the drill down that we saw in Q1. So, it does vary by customer. But overall, I think we are seeing that progression of most of that recovery happen for what we saw in Q1. Now, the reality is that, we don't know what the precision is of where retailer are going to end up in terms of the number of days of inventory they're going to be carrying as we go forward. So that still to be known. What we -- what I can tell you we're doing is we actually working very collaborative with our customers to make sure that as they are preparing for a holiday season that I think in many ways would be unprecedented.  And then secondly is in places where we know that our consumers are looking to expand maybe into non-traditional categories. So we are seeing things like in our mid-business that actually recover in Q3 and we saw the improvement in share with some of the mid-business that normally wouldn't sell as much in Q4, we've seen already the improved performance in consumption as we go into the holiday so.  So net-net I will tell you is that we are working collaborative. We are seeing some improvement in Q3 in terms of retail inventories. Where exactly it's going to land? Not as clear yet. But we're going to be there with our customers to make sure we do the right thing.
Robert Moskow: Great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane: Hey, good morning, everybody. Thanks for taking the question. So, I guess I wanted to follow up a little bit on Andrew Lazards question, just with regards to the capacity additions and kind of the implications for I guess for I guess the stickiness of some of the elevated demand is here. My impression from the investor day was that the baseline expectation that you all were setting going forward was really that you weren't expecting a lot of this extra demand that that we picked up in 2020? So, I guess my question is, it sounds like you're expecting more of it to stick. So, maybe what's changed with regard to your thoughts around that? First. And then second, just give us a sense of how you're monitoring that? How do you identify that? And then maybe tied to that just how you plan? What do you do to maintain that stickiness? Is it increased advertising? Is it new products? Just what can you do to make sure that that demand is there? Thank you.
Miguel Patricio: We know we talked about it a bit, tried to give you a maybe a little more color in terms of how we think about our demand, and making sure that that it does stick. We do see, and we saw this in Q3 with consumers coming back to our brands in a much stronger way.  So the fact is that when you look at the results, we're really encouraged about the rate of new buyer repurchasing a product that it's two or more times. So, it's know that they're coming back, but they're actually coming at a higher rate than we have seen in the past. And we are also seeing that, particularly in a big brands. So, let me give an example of Philadelphia, the repeat is up 23%, as users really are looking for more user location, what to do with whether that is not just baking, but actually breakfast as well.  And we're seeing places like Oscar Mayer, where people are preparing more at home lunches and they're using our products in new occasions now that they are spending more time at home. So if you take it all together, then you say, okay. First, our big brands that really resonated with those new consumers. Those consumers are actually now that they are trying our brands are seeing the great taste, quality and value advantage that we bring. So, they're actually coming back at a higher rate. And when you can bring it all together, it just shows that, to me that the best way to exemplify this is that you see in the sequential improvement that we're seeing in our share performance.  So, that gives us quite a bit of confidence. I spoke earlier around, the capacity. And I can say again, we have seen pockets, but at the same time there's nothing that should be hidden in a significant way as we go forward. And I'm very pleased with that [indiscernible] this organization is doing in order to make sure that we work collaborative with our customers to ensure that, we have flex where we need it. But that actually has been something that we feel positive about as we go forward into Q4. Thanks for the question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alexia Howard with Bernstein.
Alexia Howard: Morning, everyone. Can you hear me okay?
Miguel Patricio: Yes. 
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Yes. 
Alexia Howard: Right. So, can I asked about the pricing dynamics? You talked about obviously, there was strength in pricing this quarter, particularly in the US. But do you expect that to save going forward as promotional activity start to ramp up again? I'm just curious about the conversations you're having with retailers about. Are they dropped off for more promotional activity? And in a capacity constrained environment. How are those conversations going? And then I have a follow up. 
Paulo Basilio: I can't take this one Alexia. I think I'm going to start here talking about like the comment about the pricing. And then maybe ask Carlos to talk to get the USPS I think is the good way to approach that. One thing that we see is that, as we comment, the first thing in Q4, we are going to start lapping some price increases we had in Q4 last year. So that is one of the components that we mentioned. So, in a relative basis. So, we're going to start lapping this price. And again, given the constraints that we had, and I'm going to ask Carlos to complement there, we are also coming back to a better or a more normal level of promotions. But then I'm going to ask Carlos to build on that.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Yes, thank you Paulo. In the U.S., what I will say is that we're beginning to now return to more normal levels of promotion and activity. I think you saw effect some of that already at Labor Day time period. And if you look at not only the actual Labor Day weekend but also overall, you take a step back and look at back to school performance. That back to school was actually pretty in line to what we saw last year. So that shows, I think that we are returning back that our customers want to make sure that we have the right pricing as we go into the remaining of the year.  So it was both in terms of us seeing that, we are ready in terms of having an availability of capacity to make sure we have the right promotions back in place, as well as working with our customers to make sure that we're there when we know consumers are going to be looking for our brands regardless of the channel whether that is in brick and mortar or ecommerce. And again, I think that -- if you look at it again, you see, just to finish the thought there is that. What you see is the market share performance, I think will show that kind of returning to promotions at the right level that we're doing as we go back and have the availability and the right investment with our customers.
Alexia Howard: Great. And just a follow-up on the emerging market is obviously strong right now. But should we be worried about macro-economic slowdowns in those regions? And that may be starting to slow down demand for branded product?
Miguel Patricio: Well, we are not in that. We have great momentum in emerging markets. And I don't see any reason to think that these will change in the short-term any signs of that. Actually, some countries go heavy record sales like [indiscernible]. We believe like in Brazil, the momentum is [indiscernible]. 
Alexia Howard: Great. Thank you very much. I'll pass it on.
Miguel Patricio: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Jonathan Feeney with Consumer Edge.
Jonathan Feeney: Good morning. Thanks very much. Just one question. I guess, a lot of retailers have talked about SKU reductions and a more efficient supply chain. That was clearly a response to the supply chain constraints brought on by COVID. But I'm curious how do you think this will play out over the next 12 months? Do you think more SKUs and items come back? And the old complexity we had comes back? Or do you think that we wind up with a more efficient business model? And to what impact on margins, if any or your retailer relationships you looked at holistically? Thanks very much.
Miguel Patricio: I can't answer that. And Carlos if you want to compliment that specifically about work. I think it's actually both. I think that the first moment to maximize capacity, what we use and that market use was to reduce dramatically the number of SKUs to maximize productivity in the short-term. Some of these SKUs, however we're renounced. And -- because they are important, they are incremental. And so I think in a way, the market is adopting, it went to one extreme. And now it's coming back. But of course, it will not go to the level that was before and that is good. It's good for us, because the complexity in our effectiveness, and make us really do a very good analysis on profitability and velocity and streamlines unnecessary SKU. Carlos, if you want to add anything?
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Just to build more than in branding adding, I would say building U.S. meal. What I would say is that -- well, it's difficult to say how the customers are going to stay in terms of levels of inventory and SKU levels. There are things that we are doing internally to make sure that we have the most agile supply chain organization. And that includes us reducing the number of SKUs as we go into next year. So from what we had a year ago, to what you'll see in 2021 is about down 20% of number of SKUs. That actually is something that as we work collaborative with our customer shows that were able to then make sure that we respond with the type of service they need in the core SKUs that theyre also looking for. So, now that doesnt take away from us being able to also stay focused in the kind of innovation that we want to bring. So we are doing both reducing our SKUs by 20%, to make sure we have that gilt in our supply chain. At the same time, we also are still focused on innovation as we go into 2021 in which we actually feel very prepared. And the reason for that is, we have reduced a number of innovations in 20 by half of what we had in 2019. And as we go into 2021, its another third that were reducing. And at the same time, that innovation is actually going to have a bigger impact in terms of overall drive in sales since we go into 2021. So a much more fewer -- much more focus on fewer, bigger, better innovations. Were also focused on the right SKU so that we can better service our customers. Thanks for the question.
Jonathan Feeney: Thats great, thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude the Q&A portion of todays call. Id like to turn the call back over to Miguel Patricio for closing comments. 
Miguel Patricio: Okay, well. Thank you very much for your presence here with us and [indiscernible]. And I just want to finalize and repeat some of the things we said during this call. We had stronger than expected Q3 results, and that is already reflecting the agility that we are creating in our win rates.  We have been able to manage this shift at home versus away from home consumption and at impressive speed. We are holding on to new households and consumers in a greater rate that we thought and the result of that is that our market share is showing pretty good times of improvement.  Our strategy is really moving or already moved from organizing really to watch. We are investing in the business, investments are ramping up. We have today a much better team and performance in all levels and this better-position Kraft Heinz to sustain gain. We, are as I said before, confidently optimistic in the near term performance. And thats why we raised our 2020 outlook. And in 2021, the financials are ahead of what is expected growing our strategic plan.  So, with that thank you very much. Have a great day. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen that concludes todays presentation. You may now disconnect and have a wonderful day.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-30 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day. My name is Kevin, and I'll be your operator today. At this time, I'd like to welcome everyone to The Kraft Heinz Company Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. I will now turn the call over to Chris Jakubik, Head of Global Investor Relations. Mr. Jakubik, you may begin.
Chris Jakubik: Hello, everyone, and thank you for joining our business update. We'll begin today's call with an overview of our second quarter 2020 results, as well as an update on our path forward from Miguel Patricio, our CEO; Paulo Basilio, our CFO; and Carlos Abrams-Rivera, the Head of our U.S. business. We will then open the lines to take your questions. Please note that during our remarks today, we will make some forward-looking statements that are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ due to risks and uncertainties and these are discussed in our press release and our filings with the SEC. We will also discuss some non-GAAP financial measures during the call today. These non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered a replacement for and should be read together with GAAP results. You can find the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations with our  within our earnings release. Now let's turn to slide three, and I'll hand it over to Miguel.
Miguel Patricio: Well, thank you, Chris, and good morning, everyone. I think it's appropriate to start today by saying that more than anything else, the strength of our second quarter results reflect the hard work and dedication of our remarkable employees around the world. Without them, we would not have reported numbers anywhere near what you saw in our press release today. On our April call, I said that the coming months would be critical in understanding the path forward and potential for our industry for Kraft Heinz and the pace of our turnaround. Three months later, I can tell you that while the path of the economy and consumer behavior remains difficult for any of us to predict, our team has done an excellent work, anticipating and responding with speed, agility and creativity. And we can see this in the quality of our second quarter results. More importantly, we continue to make great progress on our turnaround. Our people are driving functional excellence throughout the organization. We are developing better perspectives on where consumers are going and how we can win. Our productivity initiatives are progressing and strong free cash flow is further improving our financial profile. All these things are coming through in what we will cover today in our business update, where we will talk about how we are adapting to consumer needs, to Q2 results that were much stronger-than-expected, due to continued momentum and strong consumer demand for our brands, as well as better-than-anticipated costs and supply chain performance and the fact that our solid execution is keeping us cautiously optimistic for the rest of the year. Carlos and I will begin today with how our business has responded so far and our current thoughts about the path forward, before Paolo discusses the financials and then we'll take your questions. The first chart I wanted to share is our underlying year-on-year sales growth by geography, in both retail and foodservice channels. It shows the progression from Q1 to the April spike to the May-June settling out period. There are three important points to take away from this chart. First, it's the tremendous and abrupt shift in consumer behavior that we are witnessing. These are sales of the food and beverage products, not microchips. So to describe the magnitude of this channel shift as unprecedented feels like; an understatement. Second, the numbers in the chart are Kraft Heinz sales, not the broader market, not the broader categories where we play. And it's important to recognize that our supply chain capabilities are largely split between capacity to produce and service retail sales and producing and servicing food service sales. There is little overlap in terms of production lines and route to market. So what this chart reflects is that, during this period we have been able to successfully adapt to such an abrupt unprecedented change in consumer behavior. Keep everyone of our plants around the world up and running, producing at industry-leading quality and safety levels and therefore enable us to deliver more than 7% organic net sales growth in Q2. This is not to say that, we capture 100% of the opportunity. As you know, there are some categories where we have lost share and we are working hard to fix that. That said, I have seen the creativity and agility our teams around the world have demonstrated in meeting peak demand. Learning through the journey, as we like to call it and ultimately, delivering roughly twice the organic growth we expected in April, which brings me to the third point; the source of Q2 upside, versus our previous expectations. The decline we saw in foodservice sales on a global basis was largely consistent with what we had forecasted, somewhat better in the U.S. and at a softer end of the range in our international business. At the same time, our retail performance was much better than anticipated. In the United States, which Carlos will speak to, in our international zone where in condiments and sauces, we grew double digits and in several markets, achieved record market share. And in Canada, where we had double-digit growth and gained share in 80% of our retail categories as the team invested to strengthen brand relevancy in areas like peanut butter, pasta sauce and Kraft dinners. In addition, what is not shown on this chart, but we will discuss later, is the extraordinary retail sales growth came with favorable category and product mix. Together, the combination of favorable channel, category and product mix resulted in better-than-expected EBITDA margins versus what we originally expected, most notable in our United States business. At the same time and the second part of the business update, it's important to reiterate that we remain at the beginning stages of our turnaround and are still not where we want to be on several fronts, which we will talk about in great detail in September. We have done a lot to adapt to the pandemic, but we are also implementing a new operating model to improve our performance on a sustainable basis. We are making significant changes to how we work, how we are organizing our business, how we are developing our capabilities, and how we are reinvesting in the business. Our actions have been broad-based with the intent to create sustainable competitive advantage across our value chain. For instance, we have continued to work urgently and diligently to ensure the health and safety of our employees, taking on additional costs for personal protective equipment in our plants, as well as to accommodate working from home. At the same time, during the second quarter, we rolled out our new company purpose, vision, values and leadership principles. We are redefining for our employees for the long-term our true north and how we are going to win by working as a team, inspiring excellence and navigate our future. I want to specifically mention, one of our company values. We demand diversity. We live in a world where systemic racism and inequality exists. And writing these wrongs requires an equally systemic response from everyone, including global corporations like ours. We have a responsibility to be part of the solution. Honest conversations with our African-American Business Resource Group led to a range of initiatives, including a $1 million commitment to food programs and social justice organizations serving black communities, as well as our first Global Day of Service on June 10 last month. From internal mentoring and developing programs and expanded talent recruitment partnerships, to supplier training programs for minority and women owned businesses, and the creation of a cross-functional inclusion council, we are proactive and hold ourselves and our company accountable for bringing about the positive change. Changing times demand fresh, new approaches. For consumers, we are actively modeling multiple growth scenarios and defining new initiatives to adapt to each scenario. At the same time, we have now reorganized our business units around new consumer-led platforms, so we can better address our consumers. With our customers and in-marketing, on improving communications today, but also how we deploy our resources to drive growth going forward. With customers specifically, collaboration has been key, as we are creatively addressing immediate customer needs on one hand while simultaneously trying to set plans for the coming year. In supply chain, the difference a year has made is simply incredible. We are finding efficiency to mitigate incremental COVID costs, while taking actions to optimize and ensure production. At the same time, we continue to implement continuous improvement processes and programs for sustainable savings for the years to come. In many ways, we are leveraging our intentional strategic changes to better respond to an environment with significant uncertainty. As a result, I'm confident that we'll emerge a stronger Kraft Heinz. And the strategic direction we have set is the right one and one that we look forward to discussing in detail with you on September 15. I will close my opening comments here by summarizing a few points. We had stronger-than-expected Q2 results, reflecting continued momentum and strong consumer demand for our brands. We are implementing our new enterprise-wide strategy at the same time we are adapting to the pandemic. After a year as CEO, I can see our business transformation well underway, with strong employee model, a well-defined strategy and a team in place, working together with speed to bring agility with scale. And our work to-date has only confirmed that we are on the right path. To bring this more to life, I'm going to ask Carlos to provide more color on how our U.S. business is performing in the marketplace and how he sees the path forward.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Thank you, Miguel and good morning, everyone. My comments today are going to focus on what we have experienced so far, how we are preparing for the road ahead and hopefully address a number of the questions many of you have raised about our recent performance. In terms of what we have experienced, to say it's being intense, dynamic and rewarding will be an understatement. We have been working hard to optimize our manufacturing capacity to meet extraordinary demand, running some of our plants 24/7. This has caused us to cancel some programming and reallocate spending to the second half of the year. So, for instance, we had to pull back on our Memorial Day event for the first time ever. And not having that event removed the drive period in the quarter when we typically have very high market share. And average price gaps increased versus the prior year as a result. In areas like our Oscar Mayer meat and Kraft single businesses, our share has been negatively impacted by sustained elevated consumption versus supply chain constraints, while more vertically integrated players have been able to shift capacity from their foodservice businesses to retail. So while we're growing strongly in those businesses, we are seeing some share loss. Elsewhere in the portfolio, Heinz, Jell-O, Ore-Ida are gaining share, even with this accelerated consumption. In a nutshell, promotional activity and the pace of inventory recovery, both ours and our retail partners, have been dictated by the balance of supply and demand. What that means for us is, growth has been good, but in certain categories, we know we can do better. If demand remains extraordinarily strong, growth should be fine, but share is likely to be challenging in certain categories. Which brings me to how we are preparing. From a consumption perspective, we are preparing for all the economic letters, the V, the U, the W, et cetera, but with an eye to the long term. Investing to win on a sustainable basis. So to that end, we have now realigned our U.S. business unit structure, designed around the new platform based strategy, which we will unveil in September. We are implementing a new operating model to ensure we operate with a growth mindset, a high level of accountability and streamlined roles, responsibilities and decision rights for each role. We are capturing savings from continuous improvements, leveraging the upside we have seen to-date to invest even more than anticipated to renovate and differentiate our brands. And we are working hard to understand who is new to our brands and the best way to meaningfully connect with them. So regarding our path forward, while the depth and duration of this downturn will guide consumption in the near term, we are transforming our business for a better growth trajectory in the medium to long term. And consumers' embracement of our brands are providing us a significant opportunity right now. For instance, household penetration is one of the inherent strengths of our portfolio relative to the industry. And you would think that there was not much more room to go, but our household penetration has strengthened further in the later 15 weeks. In fact, 75% of our brands are growing household penetration, and the majority of our brands growing household penetration are up double-digit percentages points versus the same period last year. Across our iconic brands, we are experiencing growing household penetration and increasing the rate of repeat among new buyers. This includes big brands that were already well-established and significant leaders in their categories, such as Heinz in ketchup, Kraft Mac & Cheese, Ore-Ida, Planters, Philadelphia and Capri Sun. In terms of repeat rates, new buyers are repeating at higher rates than in the past and buying more frequently. In fact, 75% of new buyers since the pandemic started are still buying our products now. And finally, regarding new buyer demographics, smaller households, including those with no kids, are finding our brands. And our new buyer household skewed to higher income, younger and more diverse parts of the population, areas we have historically under indexed. All this means we have a tremendous opportunity to build our base of loyal consumers, and we're going after this aggressively with a second half plan that includes a 40% increase in working media dollars versus a year ago. To close, I just want to say how very proud I am of our colleagues for how they have responded to the challenges of the moment across our value chain and are showing tremendous agility in redeploying marketing investments to connect with the millions who are now making our brands part of their everyday lives. With that, I will turn it over to Paulo to talk through our financial results and outlook for the second half. Thank
Paulo Basilio: Thank you Carlos and good morning, everyone. Before I get into the details of our results, I think it's useful to outline some overall key drivers of the quarter that were consistent across our different segments. On our April call, I outlined 4 factors we expected to drive better profitability in Q2 versus Q1. One, was improved product mix, mainly from categories within retail as well as a favorable shift between retail and foodservice. Two, higher volumes. Three, greater efficiency in operations as we were adjusting to the higher volumes. And four, a better balance between price and commodity costs. In the end, all these factors came into play and were directionally consistent with our expectations. What pushed our growth and profitability higher than anticipated was a combination of stronger retail demand for longer than we anticipated, a better than projected relationship between price and commodity costs and a more favorable category and product mix within our retail sales. These factors were most pronounced in our U.S. business. So that's where I will start. Organic net sales in the U.S. increased 8.5%. This was mainly driven by 6.2 percentage points of volume/mix growth, led by the strong retail performance Carlos described. Pricing was up, as it reflected lower promotional activity to capacity constraints in certain categories. Taken together, volume leverage, favorable canine product mix, as well as favorable pricing, adjusted EBITDA in the second quarter increased 17.6%. Specifically regarding mix, we saw favorable category mix in the form of relatively stronger demand and market share performance in areas like ketchup and condiments, mac and cheese and frozen potatoes. We also saw favorable SKU mix within categories due to supply chain constraints and, therefore, greater sales of core items within our product lines. Looking forward, we are not anticipating retail demand to remain as strong as we saw in Q2 and likely to moderate further from recent levels with category mix normalizing and foodservice being a greater part of total sales. In addition, keep in mind that the McCaf exit is now underway and will, therefore, tamper organic growth beginning in Q3. As a result, at this point, while Q3 profits should be higher than we anticipated three months ago, Q3 margins are likely to be closer to prior year levels as organic growth moderates, the favorable mix we saw in Q2 phased and pressures from the recent spike in commodity inflation, specifically in cheese, come into play. While this would represent a significant change sequentially from Q2 to Q3, we believe it is the most realistic expectation based on the best estimates in consumption and cost trends today. Moving to our International segment. Results were largely consistent with our initial expectations, with organic net sales up 5.5% versus the prior year period and roughly equal contributions from volume mix and pricing. Pricing accelerated to 2.6% from a combination of reduced promotional activity, carryover benefits from previous pricing actions and inflation related pricing in Brazil. Volume/mix increased 2.9% from strong growth in condiment and sauces, along with growth in mill oriented categories, more than offset a decline in both foodservice and infant nutrition. Looking forward, we are expecting the deceleration we saw in growth during the second quarter to continue into Q3 as markets normalize, particularly in our biggest market in the U.K. And while the pace of normalization is unpredictable, we currently anticipate back half results, both organic sales growth and margins to soften compared to the first half. Finally is Canada, where the Q2 turnaround we anticipated was even stronger than expected. In April, we said we thought that organic sales growth would improve sequentially, but remained negative versus the prior year, given the McCafe exit, lower food service sales and lower year-on-year pricing. In the end, our Canada team delivered 2% organic growth, with pricing turning positive for the first time in seven quarters and retail consumption growth in every category. The positive pricing reflected a combination of reduced promotional activity versus the prior year, as well as successful implementation of select but necessary list price increases. Also, volume/mix was positive, as stronger-than-expected retail takeaway more than offset lower foodservice sales and a negative 4.4 percentage point impact from McCafe exit. At EBITDA, we initially expected Q2 margins to begin returning to prior year levels. Actual results were slightly better, with an adjusted EBITDA margin up nearly 30 basis points versus the prior year, as improved supply chain performance added to gains from pricing and volume/mix. For the second half of the year, we would expect the improved performance in Canada to continue, with a sustained recovery in profitability, although with more normalized retail takeaway trends being offset by the ongoing headwinds from McCafe exit and lower food service sales. Turning now to total company results and our outlook for the year. There are just three additional notes I would make on our Q2 results. First is that, each business segment reported organic sales and EBITDA growth in Q2, and we hope this indicates more stable performance across our businesses going forward. Second, our taxes. On our last call, I flagged the possibility of a higher effective tax rate in Q2, due to the possible enactment of the U.K. tax legislation and a related non-cash adjustment to deferred tax liabilities. This was delayed, contributing to better-than-expected EPS and is now expected to happen in Q3. So we would now expect a tax rate on adjusted earnings in the high 20s for Q3, while our expectations for the full year remains in the 22% to 24% range. Third is free cash flow, which is up significantly versus the prior year on a year-to-date basis. This has been driven by a combination of EBITDA growth, lower working capital, somewhat lower capital expenditure, as well as significantly greater accrued liabilities due to the timing of cash outflows versus the prior year. Looking forward, we expect working capital to revert as we rebuild our inventories. And cash outlays related to accrued liabilities for taxes, trade spend and marketing are second half weighted this year. In addition, we continue to plan for CapEx in roughly $750 million this year, although we have had some delays so far this year and may not spend the full plan. Taking all of this into account, we do feel good about the quality of our free cash generation year-to-date and are confident that 2020 free cash flow will exceed in 2019, which brings me to our financial outlook. I think it's helpful to come back to the fact that we are in the first year of our multi-year turnaround. The current environment has presented us with opportunities to be there for our consumers. And to the extent we are successful now, it puts a wind at the back of our turnaround efforts, and we will be in a stronger position on a sustainable basis in the future. To that point, we do expect the upside in results we have posted during the first half of the year, both sales and EBITDA to stick for the full year. And while there is still significant work to do ahead of us, we believe that we are very well positioned with each of the 3 priorities we set for 2020: to establish a strong base of sales and earnings, to rebuild underlying business momentum and continue to reduce debt while maintaining our current dividend. That being said, I think it's important to highlight the key drivers that work in the second half of the year as we establish that strong base of sales and earnings and work to rebuild our underlying business momentum. Specifically, we see four discrete factors, the same four we have talked about before that will hold back second half EBITDA versus the prior year. One, is the McCafe exit that has been underway in Canada and began in the United States in July. Two, is the high incentive compensation we mentioned on our prior call. Three, is greater commodity volatility we had warned about in April, and we now expect will result in an unfavorable key commodity costs in Q3, specifically in our U.S. Cheese business. And four, is currency translation due to dollar strength relative to last year. Together, these factors currently represent an approximately 900 basis point headwind to second half adjusted EBITDA growth versus the prior year. That's greater than the 700 basis point headwind we were expecting when we last spoke at the end of April. And we expect slightly more of this pressure to fall in Q3 than Q4. During the first half of the year, incremental consumer demand more than offset these headwinds. From where we stand today, we are anticipating organic growth will moderate, and the favorable mix we saw in Q2 will fade. As a result, in terms of adjusted constant currency EBITDA, we currently expect organic gains in the 900 basis points of discrete headwinds I just outlined to essentially offset one another in the second half of the year. The other part of establishing our base comes from the low EBITDA, where for the full year, we continue to expect a roughly $0.38 headwind from the combination of lower other income, a higher effective tax rate and higher stock-based compensation versus the prior year. Year-to-date, we'll be seeing roughly $0.19 of the $0.38, so the second half should see another $0.19 of pressure versus the prior year. As for our third priority for 2020 to continue to reduce debt, while maintaining our current dividend, we have made great progress and are well positioned going forward. Through July, we have now fully paid the $1 billion of our 2020 debt maturities with cash, reducing our gross debt outstanding. We fully repaid our precautionary revolver draw down at the end of Q2 and $5 million remains available to us. And we are an extremely strong liquidity position with more than $2 billion of cash on hand, no meaningful refinancing needs for the next 5 years as a result of our leverage-neutral standard and refinancing transaction in May, and we simplified our capital structure, eliminating any remaining secured debt. So a very strong position to continue reducing our debt, while maintaining our current dividend. Finally, I would also like to note that with the filing of this quarter's 10-Q, we expect to have remediated our previous material weakness identified in our 10-K we filed in June last year. In summary, we have had stronger than expected results through the first half of the year. Solid execution across the company keeps us cautiously optimistic for the balance of the year. And as Miguel said, our business transformation is well underway, employee morale is strong, we have a well-defined strategy, and our team is in place, working together with speed to bring agility with scale. Now, we would be happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Chris Growe with Stifel. Chris, your line is open. Chris, if your line is muted, can you please unmute it? Do you want me to go ahead and on to the next question?
Chris Jakubik: Yes. Let's go to the next question, we can come back to him.
Operator: Okay. Our next question comes from Rob Dickerson with Jefferies.
Rob Dickerson: Great. Good morning everyone. So, great results in Q2. I guess, just to start kind of more broadly, as we think forward with respect to the turnaround. Now, obviously, there's been this tailwind, which is in place, which is great. But I guess if we think about later this year and then into next year and the go forward, this is probably more for Miguel, excuse me. How are you thinking now about specific brand strength and actual media spend reallocation? And then also just maybe further simplification of the portfolio, right? It sounds like you got to see some at-home lift in certain categories versus other more so, certain capacity constraints in certain categories versus more so, which would lead me to believe that you're able to kind of see maybe where you think you can more effectively compete, right, and get a higher lift off of further spend in some categories versus others. So, I'll just ask that and pass it on. Thanks.
Miguel Patricio: Okay. Look, near-term, we are adjusting our content and delivery to reflect the greater household penetration and the new consumers that are rediscovering our brands and Carlos mentioned a little bit about that. But that is absolutely critical. I wanted to say it's critical. We are learning about who these new consumers are and that is our obsession at the moment, is to keep them with us. They are new consumers and they are repeating the purchase of our products. We cannot miss this opportunity. It's an unbelievable opportunity. I would say it's almost a sampling opportunity that we are having. And we have to keep these consumers with us. Beyond this, you are going to see us reorient around how consumers think to a few specific platforms that are globally relevant. In other words, we're going to share with you in September more choices and where we believe, we have a chance to accelerate big time our growth and giving the portfolio a role for different products for sure. Some will have a role of bringing more profitability and will have a role of growing net sales. At this moment, or until now, we never had this very clear.  And so I think that, at the same time -- and that is why we are right now increasing, as Carlos mentioned, media in the second half to put more steam behind brands that we saw big household penetration growth. At the same time, we are making a big change in marketing overall the company. We just hired 3 new Heads of Marketing for each one of our geographic zones. We are changing and evolving. We want to be much more consumer-centric. We want to be much better in marketing and in consumer insight, in innovation, in communication and this transformation and this change is happening as we speak. And that's very exciting -- it's very exciting for the entire commercial organization that is seeing this evolution coming very fast.
Rob Dickerson: Okay. Super, thank you so much.
Miguel Patricio: Thank you, Rob.
Operator: Next question comes from Chris Growe with Stifel.
Chris Growe: Hi, good morning. 
Miguel Patricio: Good morning, Chris.
Chris Growe: Just so excited for that first question, I lost the line there, so sorry for that. I wanted to go back to some discussion you had, Paulo, around EBITDA growth for the second half of the year. You did talk about some of the drags you have on EBITDA growth, the commodities, McCaf, foreign exchange. And I think you gave some sort of offsets to that, if you will for the second half. So I wanted to just go back to that kind of discussion and what's going to offset some of those drags in EBITDA growth, number one. And then to understand like have you pushed marketing in the second half of the year? To what degree will that be kind of a further burden on the second half? And then what is marketing doing for the year and perhaps in relation to where you started your expectations for the year?
Paulo Basilio: Hi Chris. So yes, so let's start from the last point. So as Carlos said, we are going to have a higher media spend, we're going to increase vesper year in the second half. Overall, in terms of marketing, total spend and the way that we've been planning to that, market is not going to be a significant drag for the second half of the year, okay, for us. I think the main area is that -- the main headwinds that we're going to have in our EBITDA are pretty much the four that I mentioned, like -- the same four items that we mentioned like end of last year, beginning of this year. That is pretty much incentive compensation, so variable compensation, when we compare versus prior year. Also, we are seeing a more unfavorable commodity cost, mainly in cheese with this recent volatility that we saw in the price of the commodity, the exit of McCaf and FX, right? So those are the -- those four compounds, the majority, the key headwinds that we see for the second half of the year. And in terms of offset, we still expect a strong -- we're still seeing a strong demand for the second half. I think we're operating much better in our mix, and also in our supply chain efforts that we're seeing. We also think it's going to be some areas of when you compare versus prior year. For example, supply chain losses, many other areas of the organization that we are evolving will be offsetting. We expect to offset these headwinds that we have. So again, sales mix, the pricing progress that we have, supply chain performance, I think, will be offsetting the headwinds that I've mentioned. Marketing is not -- should not be material for us when you compare to these other factors.
Miguel Patricio: Just complementing what Paolo said, Chris, so we do not create confusion. Carlos mentioned a big increase in media in the second half, but we'll compensate that big increase with reduction on other parts of the marketing investment. It shouldn't be material to market increase. But what consumers see, which is media, it will be material.
Chris Growe: That's great. Just a quick follow-up. Are you pricing to some of the commodity changes you're seeing right now? Is this an environment where you're doing that? Or is it simply managed via promotional spending, which has been down?
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: So in terms of overall, the company think about this commodity that is happening, we had some price. And you saw this in the beginning of the year; we had some price initiatives that we had to prepare for the year. And we, of course, our price strategy to commerce to follow the market. We also, as we said before, and as we mentioned in the call, we expect to have a more normal merchandising in the second half, that's what we saw in Q2. But we'll be operating in line with what is going to be the market for this commerce that we're seeing.
Miguel Patricio: Okay. So if I was going to add something to what Paulo said, it simply is the pressure that we're seeing on the natural cheese. It really is a short-term thing because of the government program. But if we go into the second half, we -- there may be a small amount of unfavorable in our commodity, but something that we feel that we can handle as we go forward.
Chris Growe: Thank you.
Miguel Patricio: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Driscoll with DD Research.
David Driscoll: Great. Thank you. Good morning.
Miguel Patricio: Good morning.
David Driscoll: So I had two questions I wanted to ask. The first one was just on the capacity constraints. What are you doing to address these constraints? When do you think you'll see relief on some of the key constraints? And then was there any ballpark estimate you had on what those constraints theoretically cost you in the quarter? Could you have seen another three or four percentage points of revenue growth, if not for the supply constraints?
Paulo Basilio: Let me start with the perspective in the U.S. So essentially, what we saw was some isolated capacity constraint on certain products. And if you think about areas like Kraft Singles and Mac and Cheese cobs, and no surprising some of our pork and beef based meats. Now we're working to mitigate those near-term capacity constraints, both in terms of their supply side and the demand side. So on the supply side, I'll tell you, listen, our employees have shown incredible dedication, adding weekends and overtime shifts, and we're securing more capacity with external manufacturers and we're also fast-tracking CapEx projects to improve even more our throughput. So moving forward, we actually have projects underway that we're going to reduce our downtime, reprioritize our CapEx and build additional raw material inventory. Now on the demand side, we've also rebalanced all of our merchandising, promotion, our marketing through the lens of that available capacity. And we are making sure that we safeguard our customer service to our  to the best of our ability. And I would say, to the end of your question, I will say, it's really difficult to quantify the impact of that, but I feel good as we stand here as we go into the second half.
David Driscoll: Great. And then if I could just follow-up on one other item. I just want to say, it sounds like on a longer-term basis, all the things that are happening now in terms of the advantages of this demand from the consumers, combined with the reprioritization of your objectives, and I know you're going to lay out a lot more in September, but it just sounds like what you're saying in the future is that there doesn't need to be a significant earnings reset in 2021 and beyond, that you can go from here, reprioritize where you're putting your investments and get Kraft on a sustainable growth trajectory. This is a little bit of a  I'm trying to tease out maybe a little bit of what you might say in September, but are you willing to agree with my comment? Am I interpreting you correctly?
Miguel Patricio: Look, David, we've said that we expect to find efficiencies to pay for the necessary investments. This quarter is a great example of that. We had significant increase in supply costs in overtime, in bonus to employees, in PPES, hygiene, temperature checks. But even with all these increases, we were able to mitigate these costs and cost of goods sold. You can see they were very, very good. And so we remain confident that this will be the case. We'll give you more transparency, more details in September, but that's the way that we are working moving forward.
David Driscoll: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Baumgartner with Wells Fargo.
John Baumgartner: Good morning. Thanks for the question. Just  I wanted to come back to the U.S. and Carlos, you referenced being prepared to deal with any sort of path the economic recovery may hand you. And in that vein, how do you think about the portfolio of barbell strategy in terms of premium versus opening price points? In what parts of the U.S. portfolio, do you think you have the most premium opportunities in terms of development going forward? And then at the low end, the opening price point, how is the supply chain now in terms of being able to meet that demand at margins with minimal dilution, let's say?
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: John, thanks for the question. Let me  I guess, part of where I will start with is  let's put COVID aside for a second and I think getting to where your point is, which is what we see in the current economic pressures. Ultimately, that's going to be consumers, how they're going to be purchasing will be a function of basically how the economy is going to drop and how much time it will take to recover. Now both of those things, at this point, it's really hard to know how that's going to sort out. When we look back to some of the -- in the past of our recessions, whether that was in the U.S. in 2001, 2008 and 2009, our portfolio organic growth remain essentially largely consistent with what we saw pre the recession performance with the exception of foodservice. In foodservice, we actually saw a decline across both recessions because of the lower foot traffic in restaurants. So that takes me, I think, to your question of where do we stand today? What I would say is, I think we're well positioned. I think we have good momentum in the household penetration, as I mentioned. We are in better positioned on the promotional front end as we go into the second half of the year where we can invest back into our brands. And the investment is not just on the promotional event. As I mentioned earlier, we are also investing back in media. So we are seeing a 40% grade investment in the second half as we go into closing the year. So I think that from what we have learned and where we are today, I feel good about where we are.
John Baumgartner: Okay. And then just in terms of the write-downs taken in the quarter, there was also some commentary regarding increases in fair value estimates in other areas across the business. Can you walk through the areas of positive revisions and maybe elaborate a bit on the reference to recalibrating future investments going forward? Thank you.
Miguel Patricio: No. Sure. I think when you look at -- we have many areas in our portfolio and that the values get ended up moving up, as I mentioned in the call, in areas like the value went down, the exercise that you do. And I guess, it's important to remember that listen, we do this annual test every year in Q2. And as you mentioned, we saw many areas in our portfolio that are doing now and have better strategy, and we expect to get, for example, our condiment and sauce portfolio across the globe, including the US, some meals portfolios that we have. We saw these reporting units going up even in escalated part of the business unit. Also, we have -- we saw some value increases. And the areas that we really -- the reporting units that went down was pretty much related to Canada, foodservice and retail, and also the food service in the US. But those are pretty much the areas that we saw ups and downs in terms of our impairment exercise.
John Baumgartner: Okay, thanks for your time.
Miguel Patricio: Welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Lavery with Piper Sandler.
Michael Lavery: Good morning. Thank you.
Miguel Patricio: Good morning.
Michael Lavery: You mentioned that you expect more normalized merchandising levels in the second half. Would we hear that correctly to mean that you don't really have any need to pay back the savings from less promotional spending in the second quarter, or would be more normalized levels, maybe even have a little tick up to sort of smooth out the year?
Paulo Basilio: Let me -- I guess I could take that question. When you look at our promotional activity, as we think about second half, what I would say is, right now, both our inventories or production levels, as they are improving, we are, in fact, going to be able to put some additional promotion activity in Q3. In fact, you'll see that in our first dry period, which is a big dry per happens around Labor Day. So we'll see that in our brands and categories. Well, we have -- so far, what we have been able to do is we have been able to be very surgical about pulling back on promotions. And you saw some of that in the scanner data, but that really has been very focused on certain categories. Now, in going forward, our focus continues to be, is making sure that we service demand because we know there is still a significant amount of pull there from our consumer base. So, we're going to -- yes, we're going to be building back our promotions. But at the same time, I feel like we're doing it in a balanced way as we are now being able to support those businesses that do have the dry level of inventory.
Michael Lavery: Okay, that's great. Thank you. And just one more looking ahead, as you start to plan for 2021, clearly, there's lots of uncertainty, but what's your planning stance as far as elevated demand levels? And do you anticipate that carrying into next year? And are you planning for that accordingly?
Miguel Patricio: Look, as you said, it's very hard to anticipate the demand for 2021. I can tell you that we've been working on a lot of scenarios and building scenarios. The truth is that we -- at the same time, the same way that you, I'm sure, do not see a solution for the coronavirus in the short-term or -- and so we have to work with scenarios. I think that the best thing that we can do is to concentrate our energy and resources on really holding onto these new households that we gained. It is critical. This is a blast that we have new consumers trying, experimenting, repeating the trial and has to be our obsession to keep them with us so we can, in 2021, progress. If the pandemic continues in 2021, and we'll continue with that and that will play in our favor. If not, we have a base of consumers that is higher than we had before and they tried and they continue trying, they continue consuming, and we want them with us. We continue to carry out the strategy that we've set and look for additional and continuous improvement opportunities in everything we do. I think that one thing that is critical for us is that we are starting to share with our customers at this moment plannings already for what's going to happen in next year, and we'll start this now in the second half of the year. And that is crucial. We are -- we've been able to anticipate the planning cycle for the future, which will -- is very important both for us and for our customers.
Michael Lavery: That's helpful color. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Mushkin with R5 Capital.
Scott Mushkin: Hey guys. Thanks for taking my ques. So, I wanted to look at the third quarter just for a second. I know you said you're expecting things to kind of, I guess, slow down a little bit. And I was wondering, we're seeing, especially in the U.S., a resurgence of corona cases. And I know the retailers are seeing still very, very strong sales. So, I was wondering if you could maybe flush out a little bit why you think things are going to really take a step back in 3Q as far as sales in the U.S.?
Miguel Patricio: No, listen. So, I can take that, maybe after Carlos can also build if needed. But again, at the end of the day, when we compare our Q3 expectations for Q2, we saw already inside Q2 the deceleration from the retail side of the business. We  on top of that, we also are seeing like a foodservice kind of recovering and offsetting part of this decline of the retail. We have McCafe also started playing. The exit of McCafe is also going to start impacting us. So, again, those are pretty much the deceleration effectors in sales that we're seeing for Q3 and second half versus the first half, the normal deceleration from the retail side. And the McCafe, they start playing out also  the exit of McCafe in the U.S. start impacting us in July. Margin-wise, when you talk about EBITDA that was the comment I made, I think there are two big components, right? One component is mix. I think the mix benefits that we saw in Q2 will fade, both because of the relative retail foodservice channel mix. And also, the category product level mix gains that we are expecting to see going forward versus what we saw in Q2. And the price relative to commodity, as I mentioned, with the spike mainly in the cheese cost that we're seeing this happen in Q3 versus what we had in Q2, that was a benefit for us. But those are the main drivers that we were seeing in terms of relative performance, year-over-year performance, year to go versus what we saw in the first half.
Scott Mushkin: Okay, great. And as a quick follow-up. I was wondering, maybe you don't want to talk about this yet, but  maybe it's for September, but any thoughts on the innovation pipeline? You touched on it that you wanted to accelerate innovation and renovation, any further comments there? And then I'll yield. Thanks.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Let me  I guess, a comment on the innovation piece, and you're right. You're going to hear quite a bit more about our plans in September. So look forward to seeing you then. But I would tell you is that, I think, when we think about 2020, really, the impact has been kind of limited in terms of what we have seen and changing our plans of innovation. We  if you recall, we are actually, in 2020, have half the projects that we had a year ago. So we actually didn't see as much of an impact because of the changes. As we go to 2021, we'll be going to a little detail in September, but I can tell you that we're going to be focused on fewer, bigger innovation. And the good news is that, our R&D facilities actually have been open for about six, seven weeks. So actually, we feel very good about our pipeline as we go into next year. And I'm looking forward to kind of share with you the details of how that's going to come to live in September. Thank you.
Scott Mushkin: Okay, guys. Thanks very much.
Chris Jakubik: I think we can take one more question.
Operator: Okay. Our last question comes from David Palmer with Evercore ISI.
David Palmer: Thanks. A question on pricing net of commodities and also on market share and maybe how those are playing against each other. It looked like your pricing net of commodities was a positive in the second quarter specifically in cheese. We saw those prices low for much of the quarter. And you mentioned that cheese was flipping to a headwind and is one of the reasons why the EBITDA headwinds would be created. Is that simply because of the fact that we've seen the dairy spike in June into July here? Or is there some other reinvestment needed? I ask that because cheese, like some of your other commodity-oriented categories, you've had some sustained market share losses for a while. And I'm wondering if you're not just seeing a cycle reason, but perhaps you're drawing a line in the sand about market share in some of these categories and you're making a decision to defend on market share? Thanks.
Miguel Patricio: I'll take that. I think the question is probably more about the U.S. So I guess I would say is let me start by -- I think the point that we have made earlier, but I'll revisit, which is our focus really is on driving household penetration and retaining all those new consumers that are coming to our brands. Now in the context of that market share specifically, what I would say is there's been -- the way I see it, there's been like three moments since the COVID began. I think there was an initial moment, in which the demand really spite and we had high levels of inventory, which is normal what we do at that time of year. So that actually helped us gain share. Now when we saw demand stay high through May and into June, we also wanted to make sure we better manage our service levels. So we actually lost some share in certain categories. And as I mentioned earlier, we pulled back on promotions in places like Memorial Day, which we have never done. We also focused our SKUs in our core businesses, so that we can maximize our throughput. That also had an impact on share as you think about the distribution. And then we also had to respond to the fact that there was some supply tightness across the value chain and from end-to-end in places like meat and in some parts of our -- mostly in pork and beef business. Now today, what I'll tell you is our retail demand remains strong. So we are -- because of the -- we're focused on areas that we can actually control. And let me tell you the three things we're doing. One, we're bolstering capacity to make sure that we get more of our assets and we are expanding our number of co-packers. That seem to be working. Now because of that, we are actually then expanding number of SKUs back into our shelves where customers really need them. And the third thing is we're also going back to investing. I mentioned we're investing back in promotional events in the second half and investing back in media as we go into the second half. So when you take these actions, the reality is that we're actually seeing progress. In fact, our share over the last two weeks have been positive, and we see that some improvement as we go forward. So when you take it all together, what I'll say is, our focus for our entire team is how do we make sure, as we go into the second half, we maintain the positive momentum in the business and we focus on connecting with our new and effecting consumers.
David Palmer: Thank you.
Miguel Patricio: Thank you.
Operator: I would now like to turn the call back over to Miguel for any closing remarks. 
Miguel Patricio: Well, I wanted to thank you for all the time you've been on this call with us. And before finishing, I just want to summarize the way that we are seeing this quarter and moving forward. We, for sure, had stronger than expected Q2 results. And that reflected -- is reflecting our continued momentum and the strong consumer demand for our brands, and we are very excited with that. We had a strong category and brand growth on household penetration -- coming from household penetration, but also from repeat rates. We had better than anticipated costs and supply chain. And that's despite the fact that we had a big inflation, big cost increase because of the COVID. And now for 2020, our priorities and our actions are on track. And the results will be better than anticipated. We expect this first half upside to hold. And solid execution is making us cautiously optimistic for the second half. There's a lot of uncertainty. Are kids going back-to-school or not? Are we going to open our offices or not? This can change still a lot. But if the consumption stays strong, yes, we may have an upside on the second half. The other thing is, at the same time that we are dealing with this unprecedented change in consumption partners, and we've been adapting very fast, we are working on parallel on our transformation. Our transformation is underway. And in the  still in the early stages of bringing the agility to our company, we have a lean structure, a culture based on ownership, which is a critical ingredient for agility. And yes, we have to correct other things, but we are excited about bringing agility to the company that has the scale that we have. I think that together with the scale of our business, we are going to bring a benefit to our shareholders, to our customers and to our consumers. And looking forward, we are looking forward to provide you with more details on our strategy, priorities and initiatives and our new operating model during our virtual Investor Day on September 15. So thank you very much, and see you soon or talk to you soon.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's presentation. You may now disconnect, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-04-30 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day. My name is Daniel, and I will be your operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Kraft Heinz Company's First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. I will now turn the call over to Chris Jakubik, Head of Global Investor Relations. Mr. Jakubik, you may begin.
Chris Jakubik: Hello, everyone, and thank you for joining our business update. We will begin today's call with an overview of our first quarter 2020 results, as well as an update on our path forward from Miguel Patricio, our CEO; Paulo Basilio, our CFO; and Carlos Abrams-Rivera, the Head of our U.S. business, and then we'll open the lines for your questions. Please note that during our remarks today, we will make some forward-looking statements that are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ due to risks and uncertainties, and these are discussed in our press release and our filings with the SEC. We will also discuss some non-GAAP financial measures during the call today. These non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered a replacement for and should be read together with GAAP results. And you can find the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our earnings release. Now let's turn to Slide 3, and I'll hand it over to Miguel.
Miguel Patricio: Thank you, Chris, and good morning, everyone. I want to begin my comments today with a few thoughts about purpose. To be leading one of the largest food companies in the world at the moment of an unprecedented crisis, at the same time, a privilege and a big responsibility, not only a big responsibility to our consumers and customers, but the big responsibility with our employees, our employees on the front lines, producing, distributing and shelving our products. Our teams understand exactly and have embraced our sense of duty. They are proud to be feeding the world. And suddenly, our purpose has become much more obvious: to keep feeding the world. At the start of the year, if you recall, our main objective for 2020 was to lay the foundation for the future growth, the first step in a 3-stage turnaround. I can tell you today, it's turning out to be just that and so much more. In February, I said the essential ingredients for our turnaround were in place. People with deep experience in key roles to drive functional excellence, perspective on where consumers are going and how we can win, productivity initiatives with detailed jobs to be done and the financial profile with strong free cash flow going forward. I think we are seeing each one of this on every front in what we cover today from our COVID-19 response, where our people are rising to the challenge, to Q1 results that show the underlying business in line with initial expectations and how we have met an unexpected spike in demand and increased consumption of our brands; our turnaround progress for 2020, which is on track, even as we adapt to this unprecedented call to action, making us cautiously optimistic for the rest of the year; and the fact that we are turning our strategic plans into action despite on strains of working virtually. As many of you have wrote, the next several months will be critical in understanding the path forward and potential for our industry. The same goes for Kraft Heinz at the pace of our turnaround in the near-term. We are in a highly dynamic, unprecedented environment, and what we think today may be significantly different from tomorrow. For now, let's focus on what this new world has meant for our business so far. In a nutshell, our response to this pandemic so far and how our people are rising to the challenge is showing ourselves and the rest of the world just how strong our company really are. In procurement, the team has worked over time to make sure we had adequate supplies to meet demand. They were building scenarios very early when things first started happening in China, increasing inventories of critical materials and finding new success. There's no question that we are meeting peak demand today because we did a great job anticipating the future. As I'm sure you can imagine, the situation continues to evolve rapidly, but I feel certain that I have the right team in place to prepare our business for what's ahead. In late February, we established our global Kraft Heinz coronavirus task force to actively monitor the COVID-19 outbreak worldwide and in U.S. This has allowed us to take proactive steps to keep our employee and supply chain safe during this time. And we are learning through the journey, leveraging our global presence and sharing best practices across the organization at an unbelievable speed. But our people on the front lines in manufacturing, distribution and in-store sales are the real heroes in all this. And they are taking our business to the next level. Morale in our plants has never been so high, and I cannot say enough about our people's commitment. Our teams are producing with pride and purpose, working smart by eliminating those products with significant changeover times in order to boost production. In sales, not only has the team deployed itself more broadly to assist distribution and stock in retail shelves, but they have done an excellent job optimizing channel and SKU mix to make sure we get the right products where they are needed the most. And this has gone a long way in improving our collaboration and continuity with our retail partners, something we can build further upon once we have past this crisis. Our IT shared service, human resources, communication and legal teams have been anticipating our needs, enabling us to work closer even though we are physically further apart. They have been coordinating with our external partners, including government and community leaders so we can continue to be effective under various shelter-in-place rules state by state and country by country. And our finance team has been working tirelessly to improve both our liquidity and our forecast accuracy to enable industry-leading execution under multiple scenarios. Overall, our business is strong. We are operating to peak capacity, performing at world-class levels and leveraging our industry-leading safety, quality and hygiene practices. Our entire organization is displaying agility as demand forecasts and news flow can change scenarios multiple times per day. Going forward, as we will talk about later, this crisis is causing us to accelerate our supply chain, the complexity efforts, reprioritizing our merchandising calendars and rebalance our marketing efforts. I think this is an important moment where our culture of accountability, the speed and agility our lean structure can bring and our scale to be everywhere for consumers in times of uncertainty can be a real differentiator for Kraft Heinz. A big part of our strategy development was to get our marketers thinking about the future, building the future, to ask themselves what will happen next, what behaviors will change. Now we have to think about future consumption if 40% of adults live alone and will eat more meals at home, if kids eat more breakfast and lunches at home versus school or on the run, if new consumers that have come online stay online to their shopping; if consumers will continue consuming big trusted brands, brands that bring them comfort and familiarity in moments of uncertainty; and if drive-through and delivery becomes the norm, how we can be more creative with our foodservice customers and make our products more relevant. Turning to financial impacts. We've done our best to quantify the impact from the recent spike in demand, although we acknowledge, this does not come with our typical level of precision. On a net basis, we estimate that the additional demand that we have experienced as a result of COVID-19 resulted in about 6 to 7 points of incremental organic growth in the first quarter and with the contribution of 9 to 10 points of additional EBITDA growth. Looking forward, while Kraft Heinz, our customers and our peers will continue to operate in an environment of significant uncertainty, there are 4 expectations we have a high degree of confidence in sharing. First and foremost, we think it will be critical for our brands to reassert their advantages in taste, performance, value and reliability. So we will continue to step up investments behind our brands, and the work that's been done behind our new strategic plan has given us a head start on this front. Second, we expect our foodservice sales to decline between 30% and 70% in each of our geographic zones depending on channel mix as well as the creativity and agility both we and our customers display during this period. And keep in mind that foodservice represents roughly 15% of our net sales in each of our business segments.  Third, and perhaps the most important, the scenario planning we do regarding both at-home consumption trends and the likelihood for global recession will be key to our near-term growth and profitability, as well as building more strategic, collaborative and long-term relationships with our customers. And finally, I will tell you that we do not believe Q2 consumption patterns will be a reliable first indicator of what the new normal. Variables like at home versus away from home and recession versus growth will likely become clearer as the second half of the year unfolds. And obviously, all of this will play out differently by country in each one of the segments. So at this point, I will hand it off so Carlos and Paulo can discuss our business and financial results and outlook. And then I will return with few words on our Investor Day before we go to Q&A. With that, I'm delighted to introduce you to Carlos Abrams-Rivera, the new leader of our United States business. Well, to say that Carlos has hit the ground running would definitely be an understatement. Carlos?
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Thanks for the kind words, Miguel. The last 90 days have been challenging and even more rewarding than anticipated. I was familiar with most of the business and understood the opportunity for change. Our response to this crisis has only strengthened my believe that Kraft Heinz is in a unique position to serve families with trusted brands, has a strong sense of ownership and clarity of purpose to feed the world and demonstrating agility to rise to the challenge of the moment. As you would expect, I spent my first month getting to know the team, assessing our capabilities, doing some deep dive on underperforming business and shaping a new consumer-centric direction for our U.S. zone. And with the turnaround work already under way, I have worked quickly to add my own perspective into our efforts to simplify processes, distort marketing resources to higher ROI and gross margin part of the business, drive the complexity and establish clear priorities to deliver our commitment. All these efforts only intensified as a result of the crisis in which we are living. So I was expecting my first interaction with you will be to talk about the new integrated business plans we're installing to improve our forecasting, reduce waste and sharpen our strategic direction as well as the beginning of our sales transformation and steps we are taking to accelerate marketing excellence. For these last two months have had an extra layer of crisis management that, in many ways, is accelerating our turnaround, we are cautious to move faster to simplify manufacturing to maximize throughput, reevaluate our merchandising strategies, shift their marketing spending and adjust their messaging and strengthen our collaboration with our suppliers and customers. I will finish my initial observations by saying what a privilege it is to work with the thousands of colleagues who, day and night, are doing what's needed to make our trusted brands available all across our country. I have been amazed by the work of our teams, and nothing captured this better than the message that was born from our factories: We Got You, America. We were also inspired that we amplify their voices by bringing the spirit to live on film for all America to see on our hashtag We Got You, America as campaign. Now in terms of our Q1 results for the U.S. segment, we initially expect the Q1 sales to be pressured from a combination of pricing to offset dairy and meat inflation with related share loss and volume declines as we led on pricing; some carryover distribution losses, particularly in our frozen business; with a partial offset from strong foodservice growth as we lapped the prior year comparison due to winter storms last year. In January and February, the overall business performed slightly better than anticipated. However, our market share trends remain weak with natural cheese, cold cuts and frozen meals, in particular, is down roughly 2 points. In March, however, this trend reversed. Consumptions in cheese, meat, and most every category for them had accelerated, while foodservice sales fell more than 20% versus last year. As a result, Q1 organic growth was 6.4%. And in terms of profitability, we initially expected a mid-single-digit decline in adjusted EBITDA for Q1. Instead, we grew roughly 6%.  Looking forward right now, we think organic top line growth in Q2 will be in the mid-single-digit range. And this is based on our expectations for strong retail takeaway to continue, boosted by retail customers rebuilding inventory and with the foodservice sales declined by roughly 2/3. I would, however, caution you in expecting a similar top line growth in the second half of the year. This is because at some point soon, it is reasonable to expect initial pantry loading to run-off as consumers adjust to a new normal. Foodservice weakness is likely to continue beyond this initial crisis period. And keep in mind, we will exit the McCaf business in the U.S. beginning in Q3, and we'll now lap some distribution losses until late in the year. Now I will turn things over to Paul to talk through the results for the rest of the business and where we expect to go from here on the financial front.
Paulo Basilio: Thank you, Carlos, and good morning, everyone. I will start with our new international segment. We came into the year expecting Q1 organic sales to sales to reflect growth in Asia and Latin America offset by product discontinuation in Australia and New Zealand. In net EBITDA we expected a decline after the prior year, driven by carryover supply chain inflation, mainly in Australia and New Zealand. Instead Q1 organic net sales grew nearly 7%, and constant currency adjusted EBITDA grew 7.3%. This was driven by COVID-19 related sales, primarily in developed countries where disposable incomes allowed for greater stock up, specifically Western Europe, Australia and New Zealand, although foodservice sales during the quarter were down more than 6%, with declines in both developed and emerging markets. Looking forward, we are cautiously optimistic that our international business can see Q2 organic top line growth in the mid to high single-digit range, similar to that of Q1. Thus far, during this crisis period, we have seen our brands gain market share in most categories in most countries, and we expect solid retail sales momentum to continue. However, foodservice sales are at risk in the near term and we expect Q2 foodservice sales could decline 30% to 50% versus prior year. Turning to Canada. We initially expected Q1 organic sales to be down significantly from a combination of lower pricing due to both a higher level of trade activity as well as the timing of trade expenses versus the first quarter last year and lower volume, driven by lower coffee shipments, including our exit from McCaf at the start of the year. And we expected constant currency adjusted EBITDA to decline significantly versus the prior year, including the impact of the divestiture. Excluding the divestiture, adjusted EBITDA was also expected to decline from a combination of the lower organic sales and supply chain inflation. In the end, top line growth came in better due to COVID-19-related consumption in March, and market share improved in the vast majority of our categories. However, declining profitability was disappointing, due to a combination of additional supply chain costs and the timing of trade expenses. As I said in February, more work needs to be done to turn underlying terms in Canada around, and we expect this to happen as the year progresses. For Q2, while we expect further benefit from greater at-home consumption, organic net sales are still likely to decline low single-digits as foodservices are expected to decline significantly versus the prior year, and we have the ongoing impact of the McCaf exit. At the same time, while adjusted EBITDA should decline due to divestiture impact and McCaf exit, EBITDA margin should begin to return to prior year levels in Q2 as both pricing and supply chain performance improved sequentially. Turning to total company performance. I do not want to repeat what we've discussed already, only to highlight three key points. First, while Q1 organic net sales growth was consistent with the approximately 6% growth we forecast at the beginning of the month, adjusted EBITDA came in somewhat better than expected at roughly flat on a constant currency basis, although it's still not reflecting the full benefit of the incremental sales in the quarter. The second thing to highlight relates to adjusted EPS, where the items below EBITDA, although unfavorable year-on-year, were largely consistent with our full year expectations. Finally, I would like to mention the improvement in our cash flow and cash generation. As many of you know, our first fiscal quarter is typically our lowest in terms of cash generation. That said, free cash flow in Q1 was nearly 1.5 times the prior year. And it's worth noting that at the end of Q1, we had a significant increase in quarter-end receivables due to the spike in demand. That was only partly offset by lower inventory levels. So we should see the free cash flow benefit from higher sales show up later this year, which brings me to our financial outlook. Like most companies today, it seems we have more scenarios than certainties as we look at the remainder of the year. At the same time, there are a number of things we can forecast and therefore, set a base that we can update as the year progresses. For instance, we still believe 2020 will be an important year of progress in the multiyear turnaround we envision. Recall that we set three priorities for 2020: we establish a strong base of sales and earnings, to rebuild underlying business momentum and continue to reduce debt while maintaining our current dividend. All these priorities are on-track even as we adapt to the new challenges. In addition, the negative year-over-year impact from the divestitures, business exits and the normalization of certain costs and business trends that we outlined in February held back our first quarter results, largely as expected. And we continue to think these same factors will continue to hold back our results for the remaining of the year. We do expect the Q1 impact from greater COVID-19 related demand, both sales and EBITDA that Miguel outlined earlier, will be additive to the full year 2020 financial expectations we laid out in February. And below EBITDA for the full year, we continue to expect a roughly $0.38 headwind, but reflecting an effective tax rate above our original 20% to 22% range due to a current U.K. tax view under consideration, a slightly higher interest expense due to our revolver drawdown, to be offset by more favorable other income versus our prior expectation. I will also note that if the change in U.K. tax law does occur in Q2, we are likely to see an effective tax rate of about 30% in the quarter due to a one-off non-cash adjustment to deferred tax liabilities, which brings me to our Q2 outlook. For Q2, all things considered, including recent data, we currently see low to mid-single-digit organic net sales growth and mid-single-digit constant currency adjusted EBITDA growth as reasonable expectations. And while a stronger Q2 should mean greater upside for the full year, at this point, it remains a highly unpredictable environment. And it's, therefore, difficult to become significantly more optimistic about the second half. On one hand, there will be no pause in our initiatives to focus our investment in strengthened brand support behind our flagship brands and capital efficiencies. And we will continue to refine our merchandising calendars against available capacity to execute. On the other hand, we see 3 discrete factors that will hold back second half EBITDA. First is the McCaf exit that is already underway in Canada, but begins in the United States in July. Second is the incentive compensation also mentioned on our prior call. And third is currency translation, particularly given recent dollar strength. Together, these factors currently represent an approximately 700 basis point headwind to our second half results versus the prior year. In addition to that, we see a number of risks that are currently difficult to quantify, including foodservice sales and their certain pace of recovery, the potential for consumer pantry deloading and supply disruptions, as well as the possibility that the recent key commodity deflation we are seeing in the market could turn into greater commodity volatility and therefore, not benefit profitability as the year progresses. As a result, while we are comfortable calling for the Q1 upside and a good portion of potential Q2 outperformance to stick for the remaining of the year, we feel that there are too many unknowns at this time to confidently expect significant upside beyond that. At the same time, none of these uncertainties are expected to get in the way of our continued work and continued expectation to strengthen our balance sheet and adhere to the capital allocation priorities we laid out earlier this year. This includes maintaining our typical conservative posture as it relates to liquidity, which we believe is even more important as we focus on making sure all our products remain available to public during these challenging times. It also reflects our expectation that free cash generation as a percentage of net income is still expected to go up versus last year. And even though we are holding to our CapEx of $750 million for the year, we now expect to generate more cash than originally expected in excess of our normal dividend payout in 2020. So we are in a strong position to continue reducing our debt and look for opportunities to further improve our liquidity while we maintain our current dividend. With that, I will turn it back to Miguel for a preview of our Investor Day.
Miguel Patricio: Thank you, Paulo. As you know, we have been developing our new strategy, transforming our capabilities and making needed investments in the business for months. And no one was more anxious to share our work than we were. But uncertainties that have entered with COVID-19 have given rise to a heightened attention on the next five months versus the next five years. And frankly, it has made it more than appropriate for us and the broader industry to revisit assumptions, some strategic priorities and for us to revise the pacing of our savings and investment expectations. So we decided to move this event to September to do things once and do them in a holistic way. In September, we want our new leadership team to share our perspective on the unique assets and advantages we are building from, key findings and the paradigm shift we are employing and the new operating model we are putting into place and of course, give you a chance to ask questions to our broader team. We will walk through the extensive review we've done by category, by country and in market to build consumer understanding that has led to the new insights, how we think our portfolio fits today's consumer and how we can adapt and drive future consumer trends. We'll also provide our assessment of the unique building blocks we think we have at Kraft Heinz, assets such as scale, global footprint, deep household penetration, an unparalleled portfolio of business and brands, capabilities in the form of an advantaged cost structure and a culture of agility and accountability and how this can allow us to anticipate and deliver against consumer needs with agility at scale. We will also discuss how we no longer think about our portfolio as 55 product categories and individual businesses by geography. We are reorienting to how consumers think, a few specific platforms that are globally relevant, platforms that will leverage our strengths to drive property consumer insights and allow us to better prioritize our emerging market growth initiatives, for instance. It's an approach that we are very excited about, but more of this to come in September. And finally, we will provide with our blueprint for our future. We'll describe a new Kraft Heinz operating model that will include and address that many questions you have around; our new strategic priorities, marketing and sales initiatives and saving opportunities in sourcing and supply chain. We have a more clear view of the things that will make a difference for us, the things that will bring both more operating efficiency and better consumer relevance for our brands. We'll have a lot to discuss in September. For now, I will leave you with this. Standing here today with a comprehensive strategic plan, I'm even more confident that we can return Kraft Heinz to consistent, predictable top tier growth on both top line and bottom line.  Now we would be happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Your line is now open.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thanks. Good morning, everybody.
Paulo Basilio: Good morning Andrew.
Andrew Lazar: It's interesting. A number of food companies that have reported thus far have pulled full year guidance, certainly given all of the uncertainties, but have also been less comfortable providing any real outlook for  even for calendar 2Q. So it's interesting. What are you seeing, I guess, that's enabled Kraft Heinz to provide, as you call it, a reasonable expectation for 2Q perhaps when others have been less comfortable doing so?
Paulo Basilio: Andrew, this is Paulo. We've been improving our way of communicating with the market and trying to share with investors and now how we're seeing the business. And again, we decided to give a better view, giving out the volatility that we're seeing in the market. We decided to share what we are seeing, although highlighting the risks, how we're seeing the Q2. And given the demand that we see in terms of our retail business, also the headwinds that we are facing our foodservices business. So it's the decision that we took to share with the market, how we're seeing this next  the Q2 and the next 2 months that we're at the end of April. And we are very cautious in relation of the second half. But it's because we believe that we have a good visibility and just an ability to share more our views for the quarter with the market.
Andrew Lazar: Great. And I think you expect the profit flow-through from some of the incremental COVID-related demand in 2Q to be even stronger than the profit flow-through from that, that we saw in 1Q. So I'm just curious maybe what are some of the -- either some headwinds that potentially dissipate between 1Q and 2Q that will allow for this? Thanks so much.
Paulo Basilio: Yes. No, I think very much the 3 drivers that are improving our profitability of sales fall-through to EBITDA are first, we are seeing a much better mix -- product mix versus what we have in Q1, including the retail versus foodservice. I think the second component is, where our supply chain performance, as we discussed before, we were seeing some supply chain headwinds come in Q1, and now they are behind us. And the third is a better balance between price and commodity costs. As we also highlighted in the prior call, we were lapping a very low price for one of the commodities in the Q1 that now we believe is going to be more balanced. This balance between price and commodities will be better. So those will be pretty much the three drivers that are driving the flow-through improvement from Q1 to Q2.
Andrew Lazar: Thanks so much.
Miguel Patricio: You are welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Ken Goldman: Hi. Thank you. Good morning, everybody.
Miguel Patricio: Good morning.
Ken Goldman: Good morning. I wanted to ask about the input cost outlook. You did talk about how one of the risks is that current commodity deflation could become, I think, the word you used was a little more volatile. I was wondering if there's any potential for you to minimize some of that volatility, whether it's using futures contracts or hedges, just to take advantage a little bit of maybe some of the cheaper costs for some of the key items that you're buying today?
Paulo Basilio: So, Ken, let me start here, and then maybe Carlos or Miguel can also comment, specifically Carlos. But we are seeing  there is no doubt that we are seeing a much more favorable environment in commodities than the start of the year. And also, we should  you should see sequential improvement from what we saw in Q1 versus Q2. For now, what I can tell you that is the favorability that we see in Q2, it's already considered in the outlook that we've just provided. But for the second half, for us now, it's too early to give any type of level of precisions given that level of volatility that we're still see in the market. And also, if you remember, there are also the component of uncertainty around the retail prices that will come.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Probably, the only thing I would add is that, as you said, the meat and dairy projections are within the outlook we've given for Q2.
Ken Goldman: Well, that makes sense. I'm just wondering if you're physically able to buy ahead a little further out. I know some of those futures contracts for months that are further out are not as liquid. But I'm just trying to figure out if there's a way for you to physically lock in some of the advantages that you might have. I'm not asking for guidance for the back half as much as I am for  just curious if there's any steps you can actually take right now to help yourself.
Miguel Patricio: Listen, we have, in some cases, it varies. We have some opportunities to doing some type of markets depending of the commodity to do some hedges, and we are evaluating this. The future also as the spot price, they have differences. And there are some opportunities in terms of the inventory that we're exploring, but they are limited.
Ken Goldman: Okay. And very quickly as a follow-up. You are maintaining your CapEx guidance. Most food companies have lowered their CapEx guidance. Can you just talk about whether you consider at all deferring some capital projects into 2021? And whether that was a strong consideration, or what made you decide to keep the CapEx as it is?
Paulo Basilio: Listen, we are  as Miguel and Carlos mentioned, we are  we have our clear strategic view. We have some relevant projects that we have. Our  as we are discussing our cash flow position, and our visibility of the business is strong in terms of cash. We are  of course, we are reevaluating and replanning the type of CapEx and the type of equipment that we will do and the timing that we're going to get them through the year. But we want to keep the investment and want to keep the execution that we plan for the year.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Robert Moskow of Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Robert Moskow: Hi, thanks. I think I'm going to pivot to private label. In the past, Kraft has had trouble maintaining market share versus private label during times of commodity volatility. And your shares are up right now. What do you think retailers are going to do about their private label merchandising in the back half of the year, especially given the likelihood of a recession? Do you have any concerns that categories like cheese or meats might see more pressure than you're seeing right now from private label?
Miguel Patricio: Look, Robert, I think in terms of uncertainty, consumers turn to brands that they trust. They want to experiment less. They want to experiment less with new brands. And that's what we're seeing right now. Our brands represent comfort for people. And I think that the consumers are coming back to big brands. As a result, our leading iconic brands are growing household penetration in almost every market, especially the developed markets like U.S., like Canada, like U.K. So I think it's critical that we continue investing behind our brands to reassert the advantage that we have in taste, in performance and in value. And I think also that for our customers, reliability and availability are extremely important in this environment. And this is where agility can, with scale, can really set you apart. I think that we are working with our customers in a very, very, very agile and close way. And I don't  and this is what's happening right now. Yes.
Robert Moskow: Yes. I totally agree. But are you monitoring your price gaps? Maybe the price gaps don't matter that much today, but have they expanded since you initiated price increases in the start of the year, or is it just too volatile to know?
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Listen, I think if you think about the fact that when we went through this process of the crisis, we actually were able to think about working with our customers what is the best way for us to actually reduce some of the promotional events that was happening right now in the marketplace. So both because of the fact that our inventories were a challenge and then we work with our customer to make sure we actually got to the right events that we wanted to have in the marketplace in places that we, in fact, had better inventory. As we're going back and going forward, we'll see that potentially our -- we'll be able to actually go back and start thinking about what are the promotional events that we can then pull back in the market to work in the right pricing, but that's only once we have the inventories back in place that we wanted in the year to go.
Robert Moskow: Congrats on a great execution. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Bryan Spillane: Excuse me, hi good morning everyone. I guess, maybe to follow-up a little bit on Rob's question. You went into this year with plans to increase marketing, also some product renovation and product innovation. So maybe could you talk about just how this situation has altered your plans? Are you still expecting to bring some innovation to market this year? And maybe also just how retailers are thinking about new products and product pipeline?
Miguel Patricio: Sure. Bryan, Miguel. We disclosed in previous calls that it was in our plan, in our budget, to increase media around 30% this year, although this increase would be from  paid from within. So marketing shouldn't have a substantial growth, but media would grow 30%. It's our intention to keep the investments on our brands. And even evaluating right now, if we shouldn't even put more to create the momentum, and especially to keep the penetration that we are seeing, the increase in penetration of our brands with our consumers. Regarding innovation, we postponed a lot of innovation. Talking with our customers, we thought  actually, that was the best thing to do because at this moment, what we are doing is actually reducing the number of SKUs that we are producing, so we can have better productivity in our lines. And we both thought it was not the best moment of introducing innovation, so they were postponed.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Let me just add a couple of things, Miguel. One in terms of the marketing and what we're seeing is, listen, I think that Miguel said, we're committed to, in fact, spend more or less. Now what you're going to be seeing is that we will actually rebalance our lower marketing spend so that it can better reflect the healthful gains we're making and the new consumers that now have coming to our franchise. So as we speak, we're actually looking at what is the right media, the right channels for us to reach those new consumers that now have come into our franchises. Already some of that work is underway. And I think let me just give you a couple of examples how that translated into the marketplace. We're actually making some adjustment on sync like the Oscar Mayer, Front Yard Cookout, a way for us to stimulate during the grilling season that kind of behavior with our brands. You're also seeing things like our Heinz Designer Support, a way actually for us to give back to our diners in a moment in which they really need us. And then just switching, just one additional comment on the innovation part of the question. What I'll tell you is that completely aligned with Miguel in terms of us, adjusting some of the innovation. And in general terms, I think that we will continue to evaluate innovation as we think through the lens of capacity. The one challenging all this on innovation, you have to do with our food service. We are seeing already some restaurants that actually are shifting from things like tabletop to more portion control. We're working to adapt. I think we have a very agile organization that allows us to make this shift. And we're working with our customers to make sure that we supply them in the way they need now going forward.
Bryan Spillane: All right. That's very helpful. And just as a clarification, in terms of marketing and advertising levels, the plan  planned increases that you had for your budget this year are still embedded in the expectations. So it's not like the marketing budget or advertising is going to be lower this year and has to go up again next year. At least as you know now, you're planning to spend what you're originally expected to spend.
Paulo Basilio: That is correct.
Bryan Spillane: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steve Strycula with UBS. Your line is now open.
Steve Strycula: Hi, good morning. Quick clarification to Bryan's question. For the innovation slate that was pushed out, Miguel, can you clarify whether that was to the back half or the back-to-school season of this year, or is that maybe even a little bit further into 2021?
Miguel Patricio: No. We are talking about what we had in the pipeline for this year. Yes, for the midyear for back-to-school and towards the end of the year. So we're talking about the remaining of the year, not 2021.
Steve Strycula: Okay. Great. And then a more fundamental question, I would say is, as we think about going into Investor Day, one thing that you emphasized was the importance of scale in global platforms. When you look across the portfolio, which platforms do you define as being the most scalable and relevant to food is a little bit of a local business? And then in the past, when Kraft and  was first put together with Heinz, the company was emphasizing the degree of number one brands that were in the portfolio. So my question is, how is scale may be underutilized in the past? And how can a new strategy may be better execute and leverage that scale relative to how it was the last few years? Thank you. 
Miguel Patricio: Look, I think that scale is a critical work for us and what makes us different. We  especially in North America, we have scale. How  scale has to come with agility because if you have scale and you were not agile, that goes against you. But if you have agility of scale, it can be a killing combination. And I think that for us is very important. I think that the business in the past was managed almost by category. And then when you do that, it's like slicing the company in pieces. I think what we have to do is exactly take advantage of the commonalities, the scale that we have. And when you find these commonalities, then a lot of things come with it, insights, synergies. And so yes, I think that for us, we are absolutely intrigued with the benefits of agility at scale at this moment. Talking specifically about what can be global. What is global, what can be global and will be global is our ability to win in products that adds taste and flavor to foods. And instead of talking about ketchup and mustard and mayonnaise you know if you think about what are the products that actually enhance taste to food and what are the insights and the synergies that are behind is pretty exciting for us. So that's the way we are looking at. So when we think about platforms, we are starting with consumers, understanding what are the consumer needs, what are the main reasons, what their consumer is looking for and putting these categories, these products, these brands together, looking at commonalities of consumer needs, occasions, which is pretty exciting. And this is -- in China, maybe the enhancer's tastes are different, but the need is the same than here in United States. And we can leverage a lot to our global scale by understanding these needs in depth. Talking about brands global, because you asked about that. I think I think that we have Heinz as definitely a big global brand that we see every day more potential. And then we have the local jewels, right? We have Masters in China. We have CAD in Brazil. We have ABC in Indonesia that are brands that are local and are designed to enhance taste of local food. Not going through a lot of details because we don't have time for that, Steve. That would be what I would tell you.
Steve Strycula: Very helpful. Thank you and congrats on the quarter.
Miguel Patricio: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Alexia Howard with Bernstein. Your line is now open.
Alexia Howard: Good morning, everyone.
Miguel Patricio: Good morning.
Alexia Howard: Thank you. Can I ask about your ability to sustain higher levels of production on the grocery side of the business, while restaurant traffic is down? I know you closed two  I believe you closed two foodservice plants in the U.S. and one in the U.K., so presumably, that's not easy to flex into grocery. Have you grocery have respond-- produced the same double-digit volume growth while the restaurant traffic is weak. And then as a quick follow-up, how secure is your supply of meat, given what we're hearing from the meat processing plants at the moment with some of your competitors back [inaudible] is that potentially a risk for you if you can secure supply? Thank you.
Miguel Patricio: Okay. Let me give you a color of  more a global color on supply, and then I will ask Carlos to comment things specifically to U.S. We have at the moment, all our factories open. It's true that some of our foodservice factories are with very low production because of the reduction of demand. But we have 80 factories in the world, and they are all  that are all working. To date, our supply chain has been stable, and the team is showing that  how strong we are. There's a huge sense of pride right now in our factories. Morale is very high. Safety is our number one priority. And of course, there are risks in supply chain, but I think we've done a very good job on keeping our people safe. We have been very fast to adapt within our factories and distribution. Example, social distancing in the factories, we were very, very early to adopt it: PPES, like using masks, gloves, face guards, temperature checks, health certification. In all our factories, we are communicating regularly, very regularly daily with our teams. We have a task force daily routine with operations to monitor and to respond everything very quickly. In procurement, the team has made sure that we have had adequate supplies of meat despite spike in demand. We were building scenarios very, very early. When things started happening in China, we start increasing inventories of critical materials and finding access to materials that we thought we could have problems. So far, we haven't had any problem with procurement. In manufacturing and distribution, our frontline people are really the heroes. We are working three shifts in many of our factories. We are keeping our plants running 24/7. And we are showing a lot of agility with a huge sense of duty and responsibility. We are taking actions to accelerate the decomplexity and improve the throughput. We are benefiting from process improvements and sharing and adapting best practices around the world. Maybe, Carlos, you want to give a perspective on U.S., specifically on the question?
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Yes. Well, I think, Miguel, I think you covered the overall supply chain and how we're feeling about it. Just to go deeper then in terms of what's happening here in the U.S., I think in the news, you have all heard, there's been a certain amount of constraint happening right now within the meat processing. Well, as Miguel said, I'm pretty proud of the fact that as an organization, we took actions early, the point that Miguel made around safety being the number one priority, the elements that we put in our factories to protect our overall lead supply chain, social distancing, PPE, temperature checks, twice-a-day operation calls to make sure that we are sharing best practices and adapted quickly to a situation. Today, we're basically pulling all levers to make sure that we make meat available to our consumers as fast as we can. We believe that right now, the way we are seeing the outlook for Q2 is actually manageable with the information that we share with you. Thanks for the question.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question comes from David Palmer with Evercore ISI.
Kevin Lehmann: It's actually Kevin Lehmann on for David. Good morning. It looks like the U.S. segment saw reduced promo spend in Q1, but then higher promo spend in Canada. Certainly, the company is experiencing more supply chain inflation lately to keep up, of course, with at-home demand. And then you just mentioned meat and dairy volatility. Can you help us organize perhaps the biggest buckets of higher and lower costs in 2020 that we should expect to continue that are directly related to COVID? Thanks.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Let me just tell you, first, in terms of our overall promotion strategy in the U.S. and then I'll have Paulo ask some additional information. When we look at the world as I mentioned earlier, we saw that initially, the  because of the tightness of the inventories at the moment of the search that occur, we actually were able to work with our customers to reduce our promotional spending. We were very specific about where the places that we were actually going to reduce their promotional spend and then work with our customers to then say, as inventories improve and we go forward, we'll be able to then judiciously bring those promotions back into the pipeline in the year to go events that we were looking at. So that it continues to be a valuation. I think where we are in constant communication with our customer, which actually has only improved the way we are managing through this together to make sure we have the right availability of product at the right promotional events only as the customers that needed to be the particular situation that they're facing. Paulo, if you want to add something?
Paulo Basilio: Yes. Sorry, I don't know if I understood correctly the first part of the question. I don't know if your question was about Canada. Do you want to -- can you clarify a little bit the second part of the question, please?
Kevin Lehmann: Yes, just helping us organize the elevated costs or the lower costs that we should expect in 2020 that are specifically related to the COVID crisis, whether it's  I mean, you touched on the promo changes, but also commodity volatility, supply chain that are specifically related to pantry loading and COVID-related items.
Paulo Basilio: Okay. So I think trying to organize, we have like clearly, the  as a consequence, some benefit in commodities that I've already discussed. And again, the numbers are already discussed in our Q2 outlook. I think there is another component that is the component of the additional cost that we are having in the business to keep the business running as we go through this situation in terms of additional cost for ramp up, the capacity, the incentives that we need to give for our front-line workers, additional equipment that we need to have. I think overall, all of those costs, they are happening with us. They are growing, but I would say that they are manageable, okay? And we are managing them. And they are also included in this outlook of Q2 that we have. So I think the high level that I would  it's split would be like we have this commodity, a situation that we're seeing today. We have this additional cost. And on the other side, we have a better productivity from our lines, from our plants being brought by the higher volume that we have.
Kevin Lehmann: Very helpful. Thank you.
Paulo Basilio: You are welcome.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call back over to Chris Jakubik for any closing remarks.
Chris Jakubik: Thanks very much, and thanks, everybody, for joining us this morning. For the analysts that have follow-up questions, myself and Andy Larkin will be available for you. And for anyone in the media, Michael Mullen will be available to take your calls. Thanks very much, and have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-02-13 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day. My name is Katherine, and I'll be your operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to The Kraft Heinz Company's Fourth Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. I will now turn the call over to Chris Jakubik, Head of Global Investor Relations. Mr. Jakubik, you may begin.
Chris Jakubik: Hello, everyone, and thank you for joining our business update. We'll begin today's call with an overview of our fourth quarter and full year 2019 results as well as an update on our path forward from Miguel Patricio, our CEO; and Paulo Basilio, our CFO. And then we'll open the lines for your questions. Please note that during our remarks today, we will make some forward-looking statements that are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ due to risks and uncertainties, and these are discussed in our press release and our filings with the SEC. We will also discuss some non-GAAP financial measures during the call today. These non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered a replacement for and should be read together with GAAP results. And you can find the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our earnings release. Now let's turn to Slide 3, and I'll hand it over to Miguel.
Miguel Patricio: Thank you, Chris, and good morning, everyone. I think it's appropriate to start today's update by recognizing that 2019 was a very difficult year for Kraft Heinz, for our employees, our Board and our stakeholders. Yet, it has also been a period of new understanding and new change, and we are confident that our journey to a stronger, more agile Kraft Heinz has already begun. We are seeing the beginning of stabilization in our second half trend bend on EBITDA performance. We believe the essential ingredients for our turnaround are now in place: people with deep experience in key roles to drive functional excellence; perspective on where consumers are going and how we can win; productivity initiatives with detailed jobs to be done; and a financial profile with strong free cash flow going forward. Today's dividend declaration is confirmation of our Board's confidence in our turnaround plan and our ability to reposition Kraft Heinz for sustainable long-term growth and returns. We are clear on what we need to achieve in 2020 and have greater visibility on delivering a stronger foundation and rebuilding business momentum as we exit the year. We have also developed a better understanding of future consumers, a long-term vision for the company and the strategic plan that we are excited about, and we look forward to sharing with you in more detail in early May in New York. I know many of you were expecting a March date versus a May date for the unveiling of our strategy, but with Carlos Abrams-Rivera coming in as our new Head of the U.S. zone, I wanted to make sure we have his full input as we detail our multiyear plans for the bottom up before we present it to you. For today, I would like to use our time to talk about the progress we made in the fourth quarter, what's working and what's not as well as the critical actions we've taken and the decisions we have made to reestablish visibility, control and long-term direction for the company. I will do that in the context of the three work streams we talked about on our previous call: first, stabilizing the business as we executed the 2019 plan; second, setting our nearer-term transformation in motion; finally, establishing a true north through our enterprise strategy work. In our first work stream, delivering the 2019 plan, we closed the year with a much firmer handle on the business. Numbers-wise, while organic net sales were down slightly more on a sequential basis, the key drivers were as we anticipated, with consumption, share trends and shipments in the United States, Canada and EMEA in line with our expectations. This also reflected strong necessary pricing mainly to offset recent commodity inflation. We were more disciplined by executing promotional programs with better returns than last year and shifting investments to flag shipments and emerging channels. And perhaps most important of all, we began to show greater control over our costs. Specifically, Q4 net inflation in our U.S. supply chain was favorable, the first time the U.S. has achieved net cost reduction in two years. And these better-than-anticipated performance in the U.S. offset the worse-than-anticipated results in the rest of the world. As a result, we delivered a significant first half to second half trend bend in year-over-year EBITDA performance on a global basis, going from down 16% in first half to down only 3.6% in the second half, excluding divestitures. And in the U.S., back to flat in the second half after being down 14.9% in the first half. But more important than the trend bending EBITDA was the improved visibility we now have over the main drivers of our business. As I said when I started, I will be transparent with you about what's going well and what needs improvement. Slide 7 is that candid self-assessment on one page. Knowing you have problems is the first step. Moving the items on the right to the left will be our work in 2020. In a nutshell, we maintained momentum in the areas we expected. We had fewer surprises in the areas we need to improve. But across all those shortfalls, we understand root causes and are clear on what needs to change. For instance, on sales, we are confident we are working from a solid base. Retail takeaway on categories we play in both the U.S. and Canada remains solid. Our U.S. pricing activities during the second half came through as expected. Philadelphia refrigerated beverages and e-commerce posted strong growth and beat their plans. International Foodservice continued to grow middle single-digits. And our condiments and sauces in Latin America, the UK and Asia remained strong. At the same time, cold cuts, natural cheese and coffee lost share in the U.S. for reasons we expected. We also continue to see retailer inventory reductions and some distribution losses in the second half of the year, but our planning and forecasting was more accurate. And while we know we need to improve customer satisfaction and resolve service issues in our U.S. nuts and Foodservice business, we understand what needs to be done and are taking action to improve in areas, like customer planning and in-store execution. In terms of operations and costs, as I mentioned, supply chain costs in the U.S. stabilized in the second half, while we continue to operate at the industry-leading quality and safety levels. At the same time, we have much work still to do, but a clear path forward to improve total company gross profit, EBITDA in Canada and our rest of the world markets, starting with better management of supply chain costs in those markets. Finally, and most importantly, on the people side, our turnover remained higher than we would have liked in 2019. But now we have the leadership and plans in place to build and retain top talent going forward. I also wanted to say that I'm grateful for the hard work and dedication from our people in 2019. Since the outset, my number one focus has been on our people and developing the team. On our last call, I highlighted how we were redeploying some of our top talent to improve our effectiveness and restructuring the team to accelerate our progress through the establishment of a Chief Growth Officer role and the new consolidated international zone. My team is now filled out, and it's the experienced, diverse team I was hoping to build. We have a great mix of well-qualified incumbents in key function roles, top internal talent in positions where they can make the greatest contribution for our company, and new but experienced professionals in areas where we need fresh perspectives the most. I'm also encouraged by significant progress in building our bench strength and the number of experienced professionals that we have  that have joined Kraft Heinz to be a part of our turnaround. This includes industry veterans and former Kraft Foods executives, like Carlos Abrams-Rivera as our new Head of the U.S. business. But it also includes experienced leaders in supply chain and finance that I have personally known and worked with during my career as well as leaders in areas such strategy, R&D and revenue management with deep consumer-related experience at leading companies in our industry. These professionals are bringing with them, on average, more than 20 years of experience collectively. I have no doubt that we can truly transform Kraft Heinz in the coming years. In fact, we have already been making rapid progress on the transformation front that will both benefit 2020 and strengthen our momentum as we head into 2021. Slide 10 shows the list of projects we outlined on a previous call. In critical areas like sales execution, we have completed deep dives in each function and defined step-by-step jobs to be done to improve customer planning and satisfaction as well as drive competitive differentiation for our brands. In operations, we have multiple best practice manufacturing and procurement initiatives underway led by deeply experienced subject matter experts in critical areas that we are confident we'll close on productivity gaps versus benchmarks and deliver net savings over a multiyear period. And we look forward to sharing those details with you as we unveil our new strategy. For today, I would like to focus on three projects because of their relevance to the outlook for the 2020 that Paulo will discuss later. It's our people, innovation and marketing. On our people initiatives, we've taken the time to reflect and reassess the root causes of performance shortfalls, employee satisfaction and, ultimately, turnover with causes ranging from lack of strategic direction, to training, to roles and accountabilities. And these informed changes we are now implementing on several fronts, such as making improvements in employee engagement and turnover, a KPI for every member of our leadership team, making total company KPIs more weighted to profitable growth and setting targets that are better aligned cross functionally, so we can work as one company pushing in the same direction and have a better chance of achieving our objectives and our people realizing their full potential compensation. So we are going in 2020 with full incentive compensation payouts baked into our outlook that Paulo will discuss in a moment. Around our innovation efforts, I mentioned on our previous call our intention to shift support and emphasis to fewer, bigger, bolder initiatives. Our 2020 plans now call for 50% fewer projects, a significant shift from land extensions to expansionary launches, mainly behind existing brands and just as much sales generated from more concentrated efforts. There are two reasons I'm highlighting this. First, because this is an important first step as we better align our post-2020 pipeline with our enterprise strategy. And second, because it's a key driver of our marketing efficiencies we expect this year. In marketing, we have defined optimal media spend by portfolio role. And in 2020, we will be redirecting dollars disproportionately towards support of our flagship brands. We are also finding efficiencies in nonworking marketing, such as fewer research dollars necessary for the more concentrated innovation pipeline I just mentioned as well as cutting the number of agencies we employ in half. As a result, we plan to increase working media, what consumers actually see, by 30% in 2020 with even greater increases behind the brands that are the biggest drivers of our profitability. Finally, regarding the longer term, a quick update on the development of our enterprise strategy and our promise to share it in detail with you early this year. Progress on this front has been both excellent and exciting, especially for our marketers. We are reimagining a new Kraft Heinz that is closer to consumers and the child in our response to market dynamics. We've assessed the changing food landscape, developed a proprietary view of the future consumers and build top-down priorities and plans. With our full team in place, we are now detailing our bottoms-up initiatives by category, by brand to finalize what we believe will return Kraft Heinz to growth and best-in-class performance with discipline in knowing where to invest, how to win and how to prioritize investments across the portfolio. While Paulo will provide the detailed drivers in a moment, my team and I have done the work for 2020, a plan that we own, a plan that we are confident we can deliver that is driven by initiatives already identified and fully resourced. 2020 will be the first full year of what we expect will be a three-stage turnaround, a turnaround characterized by laying the foundation for the future growth, fueling our flagship brands and accelerating growth platforms and then hitting our stride on both the top and bottom lines. And during our May investor meeting, our Kraft Heinz team will describe what we are doing to strengthen our foundation and drive a new chapter for our company. With that, I will turn over to Paulo to discuss where we are and where we expect to go from here on the financial front.
Paulo Basilio: Thank you, Miguel, and good morning, everyone. Beginning with the fourth quarter, our performance showed several promising early signs of stabilization. Q4 organic net sales were down 2.2% with strong positive pricing of two percentage points, more than offset by lower volume and mix versus the prior year. Pricing was positive in all reporting segments, except Canada, but the U.S. was the main contributor with a 3.1% gain versus the prior year. This was driven by several factors, including higher lease pricing announcing early this year, key commodity pass-through pricing in cheese and meats, favorable trade timing and lower promotional intensity versus the fourth quarter of 2018. Total company volume/mix declined 4.2 percentage points primarily driven by the higher U.S. pricing and to a lesser extent, lower shipments in the rest of the world markets. And these impacts more than offset volume growth in Canada and EMEA. With respect to profitability, Q4 constant currency adjusted EBITDA was down 5.3% versus last year, with divestitures accounting for 150 basis points of the decline. Excluding divestitures and currency, we saw growth in the U.S. and EMEA, as both zones benefited from improved cost visibility and supply chain cost controls. However, these gains were more than offset by a significant decline in our rest of the world segment as well as higher general corporate expenses and lower pricing in Canada. I would note here, however, that roughly three quarters of the constant currency EBITDA decline in the rest of the world segment was due to roughly $35 million of costs that we do not expect to repeat. This was from a combination of higher labor-related expenses from the impact of the Holidays Act in New Zealand as well as asset and inventory related write-offs in Australia, New Zealand and Latin America. The remainder of the rest of the world EBITDA was driven by ongoing supply chain cost inflation and lower volume/mix. In fact, our supply chain costs on a global basis still held us back year-on-year in Q4. This was driven by supply chain inflation in rest of the world markets and a combination of lower pricing and higher input costs that led to a weak performance versus the prior year in Canada. Both of these need to be fixed in 2020, and we have specific plans in place to improve performance. However, we do expect that each will remain negative in our first quarter. At adjusted EPS, the decline we saw versus prior year reflected lower adjusted EBITDA, a higher effective tax rate and a higher stock-based compensation versus the prior year period that we highlighted on our previous call. Finally, I would like to mention our strong cash flow and cash generation in 2019. With just over $6 billion in adjusted EBITDA and considering cash interest expense, taxes, patient contributions, working capital and capital expenditures, we generated roughly $2.8 billion of cash in 2019 that was available for dividend and debt reduction. This was closer to $3 billion, excluding tax repaid on divestitures. As a result, and together with divestiture proceeds, we reduced net debt by $3 billion in 2019, closing the year with nearly $2.3 billion of cash on balance sheet. These are critical variables to consider as we think about our ability to meet our commitments as we undertake our turnaround and business transformation, which brings me to our financial outlook. To begin, I think it's important to recognize that 2020 will be the first full year of what we expect will be a multiyear turnaround. For our first phase in 2020, specifically, we have set three priorities: one, establish a strong base of sales and earnings; two, rebuild the underlying business momentum; and three, continue to reduce debt, while maintaining our current dividend. To start, establishing a strong base of sales and earnings in 2020 will involve a combination of realizing several carryover impact from 2018, normalization of certain costs in our P&L and stabilizing our underlying profitability as investments and efficiencies take hold. For instance, the divestitures and business exits we have previously disclosed will result in $110 million reduction in EBITDA versus 2019. Also as Miguel mentioned earlier, we expect a normal level of incentive compensation in 2020, and this will represent approximately $140 million in additional costs versus 2019 levels. We expect roughly $150 million negative impact to EBITDA from a combination of supply chain cost inflation in Canada and rest of the world markets as well as carryover distribution losses and commodity inflation in certain U.S. categories where we've seen aggressive price-based competition. Finally, unfavorable currency is likely to negatively impact our 2020 EBITDA by approximately $60 million versus 2019. This totals approximately $160 million relative to 2019 EBITDA. Of that total, approximately $310 million of impact should be realized in the first half of the year and results in a roughly 49% first half, 51% second half split to EBITDA for the year. Beyond these factors, we expect to stabilize and align profitability and maintain industry-leading margins as we find efficiencies to reinvest behind our brands, improve capabilities and rebuild business momentum. And finally, below EBITDA, we should hit run rate levels in noncash stock-based compensation, representing $110 million negative impact to EBIT versus 2019, a roughly $270 million reduction in other income due to $180 million run-off of noncash prior service credit amortization from patients and post-retirement benefits we have previously disclosed as well as lower interest income and patient asset returns. And I would note here that versus the time of the merger, our P&L will move from net neutral to net expense between prior service credit amortization and costs from the amortization of definite live intangibles. And finally, our effective tax rate reverted to a high end of the 20%, 22% run rate we have discussed in the past. While this below-the-line impact amount to about $0.38 of EPS pressure, note that they are primarily noncash in nature. In addition, we do not expect our turnaround efforts will involve large cash for restructuring. And 2020 CapEx is expected to be around $750 million. Therefore, our free cash generation as a percentage of net income should go up, and we continue to expect to generate healthy levels of cash flow, at least $500 million in excess of our normal dividend payout in 2020. Our second priority for 2020, rebuilding our underlying business momentum involves several decisive actions already underway. For instance, I mentioned our focus on gross profit improvement on our last call. And in 2020, we foresee better product mix through focused investments and rationalizing underperforming SKUs to remove complexity from our supply chain. In fact, 2018 was the first year our U.S. zone reduced its total SKU count since the Kraft Heinz merger. In 2020, we will accelerate the rate of reduction to bring us back to below 2016 levels. We will also strengthen brand support with more total marketing dollars, a 30% boost in working media and by better prioritizing our spending according to portfolio roles. Our supply chain efficiency initiatives are well underway, targeting positive net productivity. And all the investments and capabilities are being made to drive functional excellence, realize our long-term strategy and improve fixed cost efficiency. Our goal across all this activity is not only to meet our 2020 plan, but to strengthen our momentum as the year progresses. Finally, earlier today, we, together with our Board of Directors, announced that we are maintaining our current dividend. We believe our cash generation will remain at healthy levels, fully fund our plans and initiatives and allow us to continue meeting all our obligations as we transform the business and return Kraft Heinz to sustainable growth. For instance, we will meet all of our 2020 debt maturities from cash already on hand. At the same time, we will not sacrifice necessary investments in the business because we are even more confident in our long-term prospects behind our new enterprise strategy, portfolio prioritization and the growth initiatives we will unveil in May. After meeting our obligations and invest in the business, maintaining a strong dividend to shareholders is a priority of the company, especially during this important period of transformation. Investment-grade status also remains important to us, but we understand that the decline of our leverage may not come as rapidly as desired. We will utilize excess cash generation as well as potential divestiture proceeds to reduce leverage below 4x as soon as practical. And regarding the prospect of divestitures, we will continue to evaluate opportunities that are consistent with our strategy, in no rush and with price discipline as always. With that, I will turn it back to Miguel for his closing comments.
Miguel Patricio: Thank you, Paulo. While we will provide more details on our plans in May, I would like to close our prepared comments by describing how we want to see Kraft Heinz in 2020 and beyond and the type of organization we are now confident we can create. First and foremost, we want our people obsessed about the consumer, understanding and predicting the future, passionate for our brands, building a culture of creativity, being more external focused and digitally transformed. We want them obsessed with customer satisfaction and service levels, accomplishing this with excitement for perfect sales execution, continuous improvement in our factories and being disciplined against our strategy. To fund our growth, we want our people to embrace efficiency through a continuous improvement mindset and being proud, low-cost producers. We want to attract people that truly value and define ownership in terms of accountability, agility, loyalty and a focus on the collective good. And we want a team that understands that a talent pool with pride, high engagement, low turnover can serve as a school for leadership to truly be the key to winning. There is a lot of work ahead of each one of us. We know that we are interested by all of our stakeholders to turn this business around, and that is exactly what we are going to do. Now we would like to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Your line is open.
Andrew Lazar: Good morning, everybody.
Miguel Patricio: Good morning.
Paulo Basilio: Good morning.
Andrew Lazar: I guess, Miguel, first off, I know you're likely to expand on a lot of this at the Analyst Day later this year. But perhaps, you can give us a sense if you anticipate being able to ramp up in 2020, specifically the continuous productivity work that you've previously highlighted rather than the deal-driven cost savings actions in the past really to help fund some of the acquired brand investment that you're talking about, and I guess, perhaps, or even maybe more importantly, if you have the people to execute on that continuous savings work even several levels down from sort of the top level. And then I just got a quick follow-up.
Miguel Patricio: Hi, Andrew, good morning. Well, I share your enthusiasm about the productivity. I think, in the last two years, supply costs were the main reason why we increased our cost base in the company. And I'm very excited with what we have ahead of us and what we can accomplish together. We have a new Head of Global Ops, Flavio, that joined us after being six months as a consultant, and he has an amazing experience on continuous improvement capabilities. And that is really the base of everything that we're going to do, really thinking on how we can be better every day, how can we increase our productivity, how can we develop a team of specialists in each one of the critical areas. We know where we stand in terms of overall efficiency ratings by manufacturing line, and we are implementing continuous improvement tools and process across the world as we speak. The goal here is to work towards positive net productivity. We expect to give you more color of that in May. But the fact that we were, this last quarter in U.S., for the first time in two years, with the cost that was this year to previous year gives me a lot of confidence that we are in the right direction. I think that we are seeing  Im seeing better engagement, much more enthusiasm in the supply area. And so we have great expectations from this area. On people, well, as I said before, talent is one of my biggest concerns and was my biggest concern when I arrived at the company. But I have to say that, today, Im far less concerned than when I arrived, and Ill give you a couple of reasons. The first one, we were able to attract top, top, top talent to my management team. We have three new members, and they are going to make a big contribution to us for the future. But you asked me specifically not to talk only about my management team, but the levels below, so let me tell you. One of the things we did was to identify what were the critical roles in the company globally, and we identified or we defined 60 roles  or 60 critical roles. These 60 people, I have to know them by heart and by soul, and, of course, be sure that they have the right incentives to continue in the company. But in this team of 60 people, we have a total of 21 years of experience. So its  on average, of course. This is very good, and its very important. And the people that we brought from outside also come with an average of 20 years of experience. So Im less  much less concerned about experience to that. The positions we had opened, we were able to bring people with great experience. And finally, if we go even further on the pyramid, I will say that this year, we had the best results ever on attracting MBAs and trainees with pretty impressive results. This year, we attracted 50% more MBAs or candidates for the job with us. And with trainees, 33% more people applied for a training program. And this came as a surprise. And the main reason was that we were very transparent on what the company is today and what we needed. So we are attracting people with the transformation mindset that like that, that like and enjoy a turnaround. And these are  this is the type of people that we are bringing out to the company, then I think that its absolutely critical. Now with all that in mind that I said, that is less of a concern. I also said that turnaround  the turnover is still a big problem for us, especially on the lower levels of the pyramid, and we have to stop that. And I have a KPI, a target specifically on that this year, and I cascaded or shared these targets with all my management team. We are all responsible for a lower turnover rate. So in a nutshell, Andrew, this is what I would have to say about productivity and people.
Andrew Lazar: Okay. Appreciate that. One very quick one. Just you talked about losing some distribution in the frozen category at select retailers. I was hoping you could just provide some context around this. Was this just retailers making moves on  to better prepare for things like click and collect? Is it just competitive innovation or something else? Thank you so much.
Miguel Patricio: No. Specifically on frozen food was some of our customers increasing the amount of different brands on the shelf and reducing the shelf. It was not only for us, but for the entire category, reducing the amount of shelf for the players that were already there. This is a specific thing for frozen food. I think that the trend in other categories is the opposite. Its reducing the number of brands and SKUs. But in frozen food, we saw that happening, yes.
Andrew Lazar: Thank you. Thank you very much.
Miguel Patricio: Thank you. Thank you, Andrew.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Chris Growe with Stifel. Your line is open.
Chris Growe: Hi, good morning.
Miguel Patricio: Good morning.
Paulo Basilio: Good morning.
Chris Growe: Good morning. I just had a question for you, if I could. And just to get a sense of kind of where the company is today in terms of the stabilization and turnaround in 2020. As I think about areas of new investment, is it about offense or defense? Are you  is the company in a state where youre working on new innovation that can start to lead the sales growth in 2020? Or is it more about stabilizing what you have and then pushing towards growth in future years? I hope you can help with that.
Miguel Patricio: Okay. So I  let me give you an idea what we have seen for 2020. 2020 is a year of stabilization, yes, so its not a year of playing of, using your words, offense. Its a year that we want to continue stabilizing the bottom line of the company. But the good news is that we were  we found resources in our own budget. We sweat the budget to allocate more money behind brands and categories that have higher profitability and have momentum. Overall, we are increasing media, as Paulo said, by 30%. And in top brands, we are investing even more. So concentrating on what makes the difference. In 2020  going further on 2020, yes, we still predict a decline in EBITDA, but 70% of this EBITDA decline, as Paulo mentioned, is  comes from normalizing our cost base on things like divestitures, the bonus compensation, ForEx, et cetera. But yes, we are excited and confident that as the year progresses, our level of capabilities, our level of visibility will increase as well, and thats the feeling that we already have right now. And its our expectation to finish the year in a very different way that we start.
Chris Growe: Okay. Thank you for that. I had just one quick question  second question, which will be in relation to the U.S. division, there were some more exaggerated volume declines there in pricing versus what I expected. Id just be curious how much of that would be sort of inventory changes that might occur in the quarter and if you expect that also to occur in 2020 as we go through the year.
Miguel Patricio: Okay. Yes, we  no  we had, yes, share losses. So the decline in volumes reflect share losses. However, these share losses were predicted. We knew that we would lose this share in the last quarter. And the reasons are that we increased prices and  especially in commodities that were growing disproportionately, like the cheese category and meat category. We decreased the amount of promo. So in 2018 last quarter, there was a substantial amount of promo activity, and some of this promo activity with very low ROIs or even negative ROIs, and we stopped that. And also we started a program on SKU rationalization that on short term may reduce a little bit the volume, but long term comes with a lot of benefits of less complexity for us and for our customers and less complexity in our factories, lower levels of supply chain losses, et cetera. We have never done an SKU reduction in the company in five years. We increased the amount of SKUs big time during these five years. So it was time now to start it. We havent finished. Well continue to  through 2020. Being more precise on your question about the share  the  or the volume loss, Im expecting to continue in the first quarter, yes, because this  the growth of the commodities will affect the first quarter. And the price, at least in the first quarter, will continue high. Specifically on inventories, we are not looking at this as either incremental or as a negative point for 2020. So last year was very negative. This year, our view is that its not going to be incremental or the other way around. Its going to be neutral.
Chris Growe: Okay. Thank you for that. Thats very helpful. Thank you.
Miguel Patricio: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Bryan Spillane: Hey, good morning, everyone.
Miguel Patricio: Good morning.
Bryan Spillane: Two questions for me. First, I guess, Miguel, looking at the EBITDA bridge for  from 2019 to 2020, were taking a step back of $460 million. And I know part of that is divestitures, but its not clear that theres a significant increase in brand or marketing support. So I guess two questions. One, is the aggregate amount of spend actually go up? And two, behind that, just what gives you the confidence that you have enough resources to kind of fully resource all your plans to drive better revenue growth?
Miguel Patricio: So Bryan, answering your question, we have a slightly  a slight decrease in marketing for 2020, but we have a big increase in media for 2020. And whats the  how will we do that? We are reducing the amount of new products in  or the amount of innovation in 2020 by 50% and concentrating on innovation that really makes the difference. We are not expecting a decrease in net sales of the innovation next year, but we are going to cut everything that is not accretive, that is cannibalistic, a lot of line extensions that we did in the past. That thing by itself helps a lot complexity, helps with our customer relationship, helps with us focusing on what really matters and putting our energy and our budget behind innovation that moves the needle. But also the other consequence is that we put more money on product development. We put more money behind agency or agency fees because we have less development and even marketing research. And putting all these savings on these lines together, we have put it back in media, which allow us literally to sweat the budget and increase media by 30% overall. I would also say that on top of the 30%, we  because we have less innovation, we are concentrating more in the bigger brands that have more momentum, better margin and that we have to grow. So that is a lot that the  a rationale behind your question.
Bryan Spillane: Thanks for that. Okay. And Paulo, just one for you on the list of  on the to-do list is an improvement in gross profits over time. I guess this is more over the multiyear plan. Can you just give us a little bit more insight on like where the opportunities are to recapture some of the gross profit dollars that have kind of leaked out over the last couple of years? Is it going to be productivity? Is it restructuring? Just give us a little bit more color in terms of what leaked and how you recapture it.
Paulo Basilio: Yes. So historically, in the last call, I did a walk-through to this bridge. Weve lost a lot of  the main driver, two-thirds of our decline came from gross margin  right, gross profit. And it was historically a combination of, pretty much, supply chain inflation with low  or not enough solid initiatives in supply chain to offset this inflation, a proliferation of SKU, right, and dilutive innovation, as Miguel said. So at the end of the day, a combination of supply chain inflation with low projects, proliferation of SKU with innovation with low  not very accretive to the margin. Our plans to recover that is pretty much based in the same pillar. It is  we see that there is an opportunity for us to recover and to do a much better job going forward of  and now with our supply chain projects that Miguel was mentioning here. To get  to have a better efficiency in our cost, we also expect to be more disciplined with the SKUs, with our innovations and concentrate better. So mix and supply chain costs, I think, would be the main two drivers of this improvement in gross profit.
Bryan Spillane: Okay. Thank you for that.
Paulo Basilio: Youre welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jason English with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Jason English: Hey, good morning, folks.
Miguel Patricio: Good morning.
Paulo Basilio: Good morning.
Jason English: I think like a lot of people were just trying to triangulate everything youre saying and pin you down to kind of what the implicit guidance is on a lot of these things. One area that were getting questions on right now is on the free cash flow side. Paulo, I think you said that youre looking to generate free cash flow at least $500 million in excess of dividend. That implies roughly $2.5 billion. Is that sort of the right number to anchor to in fiscal 2020?
Paulo Basilio: Thats correct.
Jason English: Okay. And then coming back to the EBITDA bridges, I appreciate the disclosure on some of the headwinds and some of the moving pieces there. As Mr. Spillane mentioned, not in there explicitly as sort of the reinvestment, but I appreciate you talking through that. Also what we dont see in that bridge is any sort of headwind from the organic sales erosion and maybe some of the SKU rationalization, some of the other factors youre talking about that can weigh on venue. So you gave us some disclosure on how you expect to effectively self-fund the reinvestment. What are the offsets that are going to prevent the sales loss from also flowing there into an EBITDA headwind into next year?
Paulo Basilio: Yes. No, Jason. Thanks for the question. I think  yes, but we listed here the main impact that were seeing. And we also mentioned that beyond both impacts, we believe were going to hold profitability. So there will be a list of pluses and minus that we expect, some headwinds from sales, some offset from pricing and mix and some other initiatives that we are doing. So beyond those impacts here, just to get clarity about the number here and the outlook, we expect to hold profitability beyond those  this $460 million. And thats a combination, as Miguel, we are investing more in media, investing more in marketing. We are redeploying some investments that we did in specific areas of the company, commercial investments. We have pricing initiatives, revenue management initiatives in the mix that we expect will kind of offset the headwinds that we have in some categories and some sales that are coming.
Jason English: And does the elasticity effect that youre seeing, or at least were seeing, in market to your pricing, does that give you pause on  in terms of how far you can push those pricing initiatives and some of those RGM initiatives?
Miguel Patricio: Again, we  just repeating, Jason, what I said before. We had share losses, but we didnt have surprises. We expected exactly in the fourth quarter and in the first quarter of this year these share losses. We thought that we had to increase prices specifically on  or especially on products that are commodities because there was a huge increase in the commodities. And as leading  as leaders in these categories, we should put the price. I also mentioned that we lost share because we reduced the amount of promotion compared with the fourth quarter of 2018. And we reduced promotion because we believe that we were doing  we had promotions in the press that were not adding really to the company with negative ROIs that we should be more careful and more disciplined about promotions. And finally, the SKU rationalization, we see this in the last quarter of 2019 and in the first quarter of 2020.
Jason English: Understood. Thank you very much.
Miguel Patricio: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Palmer with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
David Palmer: Good morning.
Miguel Patricio: Good morning.
David Palmer: You talked about customer satisfaction being core. Could you talk about the specific reasons for that, that we would assume supply chain execution, but also on the list would be promotion and innovation effectiveness? Could you just talk also about where that  those satisfaction scores, so to speak, would be right now? And how are they progressing? And will they take incremental dollars to fix it? And I have a quick follow-up.
Miguel Patricio: So it is a very important question and has to be an obsession. I finished my speech at the beginning saying that I see the company in the future not only obsessed with the consumer, but also obsessed with service level and because our customers are absolutely critical in the results of our company. And in the past, we had big problems on service level. We had big improvement this year, but we still have problems in service levels. I suggested to the Board to have a specific target  individual target on service level for 2020. I put this target on salespeople, on supply people and procurement people. So we revised, and we are very close to understand service levels. I have my team in supply now literally running around the country and understanding the KPIs of each one of the customers, how they measure service level because we have to be a mirror of what they are. So this is, I think, the first thing that is very important for customer satisfaction, but its not the only one. Its the most important, but not the only one. I also think that we have big gaps in trade, marketing and category management that are big opportunities, these three areas to increase customer satisfaction. In U.S., you asked about ranking. We are not in the last quartile, but we are in the third quartile in terms of companies and customer satisfaction. We  and its our intention to move it up, of course.
David Palmer: And I guess, if I  just a follow-up would be, how did you  how did this happen? Because on the supply chain side, there are stories out there about how there was a removal of muscle memory that lasted  that goes back  way back in  onto the plant level and that removal removed a lot of continuous improvement ability in terms of your productivity. But also since its in a highly complex business, it became critical to have those people. And as you cut costs, all of a sudden, things started going off the rails in terms of productivity. Could you talk about the people side and how fast you can get that muscle memory back? And in terms of revenue management, promotion management seems to be a big problem. What went wrong there? Some thoughts  color on those two things. Thanks.
Miguel Patricio: Let me  those are important questions. I think that the first two years after the acquisition of Kraft Heinz  of Kraft, there were a lot of synergies that were on the table as possibilities, right? You had two CEOs. You had two headquarters. You have to cut. So theres the possibility of synergies by cutting. But after two years, cutting becomes dangerous. We cannot have a culture of cutting because its  these are not long-term. But we have to change that culture to a continuous improvement mentality. You can always improve. And actually, the consequence of continuous improvement is productivity. We can always increase productivity. We decreased productivity in the last two years. And I think that moving forward, its a combination of things, new leadership in place, better planning, a different mindset regarding continuous improvement, less innovation that generated a lot of complexity and investing innovation and less SKUs and increased a lot supply chain losses. And so these are absolute drivers of what we have to do for the future, for the success of the future.
David Palmer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Rob Dickerson with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Rob Dickerson: Great. Thank you so much. So just a quick question, I guess, just regarding overall portfolio mix and then kind of perspective on divestments for even potentially 2020. As youve discussed last call and on this call, productivity, gross margin recovery is key focus. But then at the same time, were seeing some increased volume elasticity on some of the commodity-driven brand and categories that you play in. So kind of as you think about divestment potential going forward, vis--vis kind of productivity and gross margin recovery potential, and then youve also mentioned some of your flagship brands, like, as of now, and I realize well hear more about this in May, but kind of as of now, like, what are some examples that you consider your flagship brands? And then also, like, why not consider divesting some of the potentially lower-margin, more commodity-driven categories that you now play in? Thanks.
Miguel Patricio: So I will  thanks for the question. Its a good question, but its a long answer, so Im going to divide the answer in two. I will cover the first part on portfolio and brands, and I will ask Paulo to give you more color on the rest of the question. Portfolio, you are mentioning magic words. I think portfolio is absolutely critical for us to define the strategy for the future. Portfolio is all about choices. And when I think about our portfolio, we have to see the portfolio in two ways: first, about countries; and second, about brands and categories. Let me talk first about the countries. We have operations in 40 different countries. And the way weve been operating has been literally, country by country, defining what each country has to do. And we need to have a higher-level view. Not all the countries have potential to grow. Not all the countries, we have momentum and we know how to win. Not all countries, we have a great talent and plans and brands to grow. So when I think about portfolio of countries, we need to define what are the countries that have more potential and put more resources behind these countries and define the role of the other countries. We are going to have countries with different roles to help grow in the other countries, and some that will have a role of growing. When I think about categories and brands, I think its the same way of thinking. We have to define where we can win and how we can win in categories. I also would like to say that in the business, especially in U.S., its a pretty big business. We have a 97% penetration in household. We play in 56 different categories. However, there are a lot of similarities among these categories. And one of the things that were going to talk about in May is how we are finding similarities among these categories through consumer needs. And better understanding the consumer needs give us a better sense of direction for the future. I dont want to anticipate that. Maybe I confused you a little bit, but Im already going to the strategy that we are going to talk to you in more detail in May. Yes  and regarding brands and before passing to Paulo, we have, I think, three types of brands, brands that are doing very well and with growth and high margin. We have the second group of brands that are brands that are not doing so well, but have amazing equity and have a huge potential to be repositioned, renovated and bring them to growth. And we have a third group of brands that are less exciting because theyre in categories that are not growing and have less potential for growth. The roles of these brands will be different, right? And that is part of the portfolio conversation that we owe you.
Paulo Basilio: Now on the divestiture of this year that you asked, I think, aligned with our strategy, we will opportunistically explore divestitures, but we are going to be very disciplined on price and, more importantly, with no hurry. So we want to explore potentially the parts of the business that makes sense, aligned with our strategy, with no hurry to execute that and only at the right price. So no time commitment around that.
Rob Dickerson: Okay, super. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. And thats all the questions we have  all the time we have for questions. Id like to turn the call back to Chris Jakubik for any closing remarks.
Chris Jakubik: Thank you, and thanks, everyone, for joining us this morning. For any analysts that have follow-up questions, myself and Andy Larkin will be available. And for anybody in the media, Michael Mullen will be available to answer your calls. Thanks very much, and have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes todays conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-31 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day. My name is Joelle, and I will be your operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Kraft Heinz Company's Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. I will now turn the call over to Chris Jakubik, Head of Global Investor Relations. Mr. Jakubik, you may begin.
Christopher Jakubik: Hello, everyone, and thank you for joining our business update. We'll begin today's call with an overview of our third quarter and 9-month results as well as an update on our path forward from Miguel Patricio, our CEO; and Paulo Basilio, our CFO, and then we'll open the lines for your questions. Please note that during our remarks today, we will make some forward-looking statements that are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ due to risks and uncertainties, and these are discussed in our press release and our filings with the SEC. We will also discuss some non-GAAP financial measures during the call today. These non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered a replacement for and should be read together with GAAP results. And you can find the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our earnings release.  Now let's turn to Slide 3, and I'll hand it over to Miguel.
Miguel Patricio: Thank you, Chris, and hello, everyone. On our previous call, I promised to be candid with you from the start and to update you on our progress along the way. I also highlighted some potential risks to the second half performance. 3 months on, and we are getting to deeply understand our business. That business is on a better footing because we are increasing visibility and control of our costs. The team is making excellent progress and we are gaining confidence in our path forward. We are not where we believe we can be, but we are excited with the evolution we had in the third quarter and what we have ahead of us. This comes from directing our efforts to 3 work streams: stabilizing the business as we execute to the 2019 plan; setting our near-term transformation in motion; and establishing a true north through our enterprise strategy work. As we committed to you earlier, we will give you a detailed plan coming out of the enterprise strategy work early next year. But we do want to share the progress we have made and set early high-level observations with you today.  In terms of delivering our 2019 plan and how we are running the business day-to-day our performance improved from the first half of the year, and we are seeing signs of continuous improvement taking hold. As I said on our last call, my #1 focus is our people and developing the team because it's our people that will deliver continuous improvement and the turnaround of Kraft Heinz. Since our last call, we have made a number of moves to enhance our leadership team, both at the global level and within business units. For instance, I named Nina Barton to a new role, Chief Growth Officer, where in addition to leading the development of our enterprise strategy, Nina has responsibility for overall channel growth, global e-commerce and digital, innovation, marketing services and R&D. In Finance, our need is to move with speed and have in place proven well-respected leaders that know the business from the start. With that, I'm delighted to have Paulo Basilio back to the position of Global CFO and also Andre Maciel to be our Head of the U.S. Finance, a job he held for the first few years following the merger. To build morale and ensure a high level of engagement, I have held 9 town halls and put out roughly 20 internal videos to shine a spotlight of activities that employees across the world, across Heinz, are doing to address the company. In this past month, we held a global Kraft Heinz Meal Packathon where employees from 15 locations across 9 countries got together with Rise Against Hunger to pack 1 million meals for children in need. Not only we reached the target, but we overdelivered by packing more than 1.2 million meals. And although we have still a lot to do to build our bench strength, in terms of recruiting, I'm very encouraged by the number of people we've seen that want to be part of our turnaround.  Results-wise, organic net sales growth was up slightly on a sequential basis. And year-on-year, adjusted EBITDA was down roughly 4.5% in Q3 on a constant currency basis versus 16% in the first half. Pricing is coming through and inflecting from negative to positive in both United States and EMEA, with overall elasticity in line with our expectations. Net inflation in our supply chain costs falling from 3.3% in the first half of the year to below 1% in the third quarter, marking the first quarter since 2017 that we have been seeing stability on the cost side. And we began to lap stepped-up marketing and e-commerce spending and investments in sales and customer service from the previous year. In addition, we are seeing significant positive momentum where we have something to say, and this includes mid-single-digit retail takeaway in our U.S. condiments and sauces, cream cheese, snacks, desserts and seasonal franchise. In ketchup, specifically, we are getting great traction around the world behind our Heinz 150th anniversary, including our first-ever global Heinz campaign featuring pop music star, Ed Sheeran. And our total U.S. sauces business, which includes ketchup, mustard, mayo, Miracle Whip, salad dressings and pasta sauce, has continued to build momentum since 2017. Brazil is growing double digits in both retail and foodservice channels, and we are seeing solid growth of 14% in our China soy sauce business.  At the same time, we are still far from where we should be. While overall performance is improving, our numbers are still negative versus the prior year, and our performance remains uneven across categories and across geographies. This includes ongoing share and distribution losses within our natural cheese, cold cuts and coffee business in the United States, lower-than-anticipated promotional lifts in Canada, ongoing infant nutrition declines in both EMEA and China as well as increasing supply chain costs in our Rest of the World segment.  To change our trajectory, we must improve our execution around the category, brand and sales initiatives by making critical fixes and closing any capability gaps; and drive greater efficiency in our supply chain across procurement, manufacturing and distribution. So while we have been working hard to finish the year in a much better place than we started, we have also been investing a lot of energy in our future. We are developing 9 transformational projects that touch the core areas of our company to improve our capabilities and make us a more efficient company. Our teams are making rapid progress understanding root causes, defining what needs to be done and already taking some actions that will benefit 2020.  The nine projects currently underway includes 5 projects focused on top line, 2 projects focused on operational efficiencies and 2 projects focused on organizational effectiveness. Slide 10 shows our list of projects and the scope of each, but let me provide some examples to illustrate. In marketing, we are defining the framework and optimal marketing spend, both by brand and by working/nonworking allocations. And so far, we identified the opportunity to reallocate a substantial amount of dollars to work in [indiscernible] 2020 as well as redirect dollars disproportionately towards support of our flagship brands. Based on this alone, we will see a significant percentage increase in media spend and an even greater increase for the brands that are the biggest drivers of our profitability. Around our innovation efforts, we are revamping our product development process so we can be faster and more consumer-centric with our new products. And we are evaluating shifting innovation support to fewer, bigger, better initiatives, launches that promise to be more incremental to our base. As a result, in 2020, we will reduce the number of projects being launched by half and better align our post-2020 pipeline with our enterprise strategy.  In sales, the work is concentrated in 3 areas. First, strengthening day-to-day execution through ways of working and timing of our planning process to tighten the connectivity between sales, our category teams, and more importantly, with our retail partners. Second is developing a road map for price, mix, promotion and trade improvements. And third is developing a channel strategy, to better define roles and priorities for each part of the portfolio, by channel and by customer. In supply chain, we have several projects underway that collectively can deliver significant efficiencies to help offset inflation with the goal of funding our long-term strategy. A key driver of this will be examining every SKU, cutting anything with a negative margin, and in the process, removing complexity from the system to boost productivity and improve mix. Based on our work to date, we see scope to rationalize a significant portion of the SKUs in our U.S. business and with minimal impact on profits. There is also more work being done elsewhere, including the transformation of our financial planning and forecasting that Paulo is heading up.  Taking a step back, I think it's important to recognize here that even though we are putting things in motion now, the purpose of all these projects is to lay a foundation that will support us for the long run.  Finally, regarding the long term, in the third quarter, we initiated and we are on track with the development of our enterprise strategy. We are developing a much better understanding of the consumer with a view to the future. We are setting our strategic direction, where we believe we can drive the greatest growth and returns by brand, by category, by geography and by channel with the full support and participation of our Board. And we are assessing how best to organize ourselves against our biggest opportunities. There is still much work ahead of us, but we remain confident in our ability to launch our enterprise strategy and share it in detail with you early next year. Personally, I'm encouraged and excited at how our people are embracing change, their desire to get better through new ways of doing things and to move with speed. After all, these are the key ingredients to building a continuous improvement mindset. And as I said on the last call, one of our key principles and goals for the company going forward is not only to identify the new investments needed to grow both the top line and the bottom line, but keeping expenses under control and using that capital to support those investments. With that, I will turn over to Paulo to discuss where we are and where we expect to go from here on the financial front.
Paulo Basilio: Thank you, Miguel, and good morning, everyone. I will start with a quick overview of our third quarter performance, which showed both sequential improvement versus the first half as well as the beginning of business stabilization. Our top line improved versus the first half, with organic net sales down 1.1%. Pricing turned from negative in the first half to positive in the quarter. This was driven by realization of the pricing actions we announced in the first part of the year in the United States and EMEA as well as ongoing pricing to offset inflation in Latin America. Vol/mix was lower versus the prior year as we are lapping the strong gains in the prior year and continue to see unfavorable changes in retail inventory levels versus the prior year. In Q3, retail inventory change resulted in a negative 110 basis point impact to U.S. vol/mix. That translated into a roughly 80 basis point decline versus the prior year for total Kraft Heinz results. And for the fourth quarter, I will note here that we currently expect a roughly 50 basis point headwind from lower retail inventory levels for our U.S. business.  With respect to profitability, EBITDA is beginning to stabilize. Constant currency adjusted EBITDA in Q3 was down 4.6% versus the prior year. And this includes a roughly 1.5 percentage point negative impact from divestitures. Excluding these factors, the reduction in EBITDA was driven by a mix of negatives and positives. On the positive side, we are getting supply chain costs under control in the U.S. EMEA returned to EBITDA growth on a constant currency basis. And we had favorable timing of marketing and selling expenses in the U.S. versus the prior year. At the same time, supply chain costs were still negative year-on-year on a global basis in Q3, driven by higher supply chain losses in the Rest of the World markets. A combination of lower pricing and higher input costs led to another weak performance versus the prior year in Canada, and both of these need to be fixed going forward.  Finally, at adjusted EPS, Q3 results were better than we anticipated 3 months ago. This is mainly due to a combination of a better-than-expected outcome in other income and expenses due to favorable FX gains, favorable order income that we do not expect to repeat, lower-than-expected interest expense as a result of successful refinancing as well as more favorable discrete items in the tax line. With respect to our effective tax rate, we are now expecting a rate in between 19% and 20% for the full year versus the 21% expected previously, which brings me to our financial outlook and near-term expectations.  On a personal note, it was an honor when Miguel and the Board asked me to step back into the CFO role here at Kraft Heinz. Much has changed since I last held it. As Miguel has been saying, this period calls for new thinking and new ways of doing business. One area that I believe must be of greater focus is the company trajectory in gross profit. As mentioned, we are revisiting the efficiency in many areas of our supply chain, the effectiveness of our programming, our profitability at an SKU level, as well as product mix to create a better port sales. In the process, the elimination of ink to volume made paper organic net sales in the near term. In addition, key commodity inflation and price volatility in both cheese and meats is likely to remain a challenge in both Q4 and into next year. While we are implementing pricing in both these areas, reaction in the market remains unclear at this point. So as always, we will need to balance market share, distribution and profitability.  And finally, please note that the divestitures we closed earlier this year will and unfavorable currency may continue to temper our reported results in the near term. At EBITDA, we are focused on continuous improvement with the goal of stabilizing constant currency adjusted EBITDA, excluding divestitures on a year-on-year basis. As mentioned, our visibility on net inflation within our supply chain is improving. We also have significant scope to drive the business forward through greater investments in media that we are determined to make happen. So far, we have been encouraged by our ability to find and fund efficiencies to help offset inflation and to help fund those investments in [indiscernible]. That said, we are still defining our interest price strategy and finalizing our broader ambition to see if more will be needed.  So far as guidance goes, we continue to think it would not be productive for the organization to provide specific point-estimate financial guidance. I will tell you, however, in recognizing that we are still at early stages, it would be prudent to expect year-on-year top and bottom line performance in Q4 to be generally similar to what we saw in Q3. And from an earnings per share perspective, while we have delivered better-than-expected income and expenses below adjusted EBITDA, we still expect these items to be unfavorable on a year-on-year basis in the fourth quarter. Collectively, we expect these below-the-line items to negatively impact EPS by up to $0.10 versus the prior year in Q4.  Now before we move to Q&A, there is another area I think is important to address in terms of progress to date, where we currently stand and where we go from here, and that is our capital structure. Here, we have been making significant progress against our balance sheet priorities, and we believe they have strong credit momentum to build on. From the merger to the end of 2018, we diligently reduced gross debt by $2.4 billion. In Q3, we announced an additional $2.3 billion of cash-funded debt take-out that was enabled by a combination of divestiture proceeds and solid cash generation. And along the way, we have taken a number of actions to put our patience in an overfunded stock and have prefunded most of our post-retirement benefit obligations. As a result, we have minimum future contribution requirements going forward. Also in Q3, we undertook a successful leverage near to $3 billion refinance that further strengths our liquidity. We have a strong investor participation in our offering that we think reinforced investor confidence. And this refinance gives us significant flexibility through 2025, especially given the fact that we currently have no commercial paper outstanding and a $4 billion revolving credit facility that has never been drawn. Refinancing our debt as well as establishing our long-term strategy are critical steps to defining how we will continue to deleverage our company and maintain our investment-grade status. Now we would be happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Alexia Howard with Bernstein Research.
Alexia Howard: So obviously, this was a pretty encouraging quarter relative to the first half of the year. Investors that I speak to are very keen to know about what the path forward is to stabilization. We don't need to worry about 2020 at this point. But as you look out to the fourth quarter, I think Paulo alluded to this, are you expecting to see a similar pattern to what we saw this quarter in terms of broadly stable or maybe slightly down top line and something broadly in line with the fairly modest declines in EBITDA that you saw this time around?
Paulo Basilio: Alexa, thanks for the question. This is Paulo. So as we're sitting here, as well, when we see our Q4 results, we expect very similar year-over-year performance versus -- as we saw in Q3 versus prior year, both in sales and EBITDA. And this is pretty much driven by, we have divestitures, FX, higher commodity costs that we expect in Q4, and we'll be lapping a strong vol/mix comp, mainly in U.S. And in the positive side, we're going to have all the results from the price actions that we're taking. And the best -- better visibility in cost and net inflation. So we are expecting pretty much in sales and EBITDA similar year-over-year performance as we saw in Q3. And below the line, we are expecting roughly $0.10 -- up to $0.10 headwind versus prior year. So pretty much that's how we're seeing Q4 performing in this year.
Alexia Howard: Fantastic. And given the comments on the uses of cash and the leverage and the investment-grade rating that you made at the end of the prepared remarks, should we assume that, at least for the time being, there are no plans to cut the dividend? Or is that something that we'll have to wait for the Investor Day early in 2020 to get confirmed?
Paulo Basilio: So Alexa, first of all, I think investment-grade status for us is -- continues to be very important. We've just declared the dividend, as you saw. And again, we are in a very solid position in terms of liquidity after the recent refi we did and also in the cash flow generation that would allow us to reduce our leverage over time. But now we are going to a very deep strategic review of the business, understanding how we're going to see the future performance of the company. And in this analysis, in this review, a capital structure is going to be a very important chapter. So we expect to come back to the market with our full view and full picture of how we're expecting the company's performance, the company's strategy for the future, including capital structure at the beginning of next year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Lazar with Barclays.
Andrew Lazar: Miguel, you discussed a little bit about your desire or the plan to move the organization more in the direction of a continuous improvement, productivity sort of mindset from what I think you described as more integration-led cost-savings programs that we all kind of know proves less sustainable. I realize you're probably not in a position yet to fully size this sort of opportunity. But I guess, do you see any structural reason that would preclude KHC from driving similar levels of sort of ongoing productivity as peers, let's say, as a percent of cost of goods. And the reason I ask is because I presume this is where it can be quite helpful in terms of funding the media spend investment that you mentioned today on the call, other things, inflation and such that come up all in the context of managing EBITDA to be more stable within the confines, I guess, of a constrained balance sheet. So perhaps, any color on that you can provide would be helpful.
Miguel Patricio: Andrew, thank you very much for your question and I think we think alike. From day 1, when I looked at the past and I saw that there was a pretty big deterioration of gross profit because of decrease of COGS, we made -- we defined supply as a big area for improvement for 2 reasons. First, because we had pretty big disruptions in the past with our customers for -- because of low service levels. But second, because COGS has been increasing in our company. And I do not see a reason for that. I think that if we changed the mentality to the company for a mentality of continuous improvement, if we invest on that, on people, in our factories, in our way of thinking on believing if we change the mentality from basically cost-cutting into continuous improvement, I think we can do it and we should do it. And as you said, I see it as a great source of -- for investment in the business. I was very glad to see that in this quarter we could stabilize cost of goods sold. And this is big for us. We are all relieved with that. It's just the first step. Everything to be proved, but the first step was good and gives us a lot of faith, a lot of hope that we are in the right direction.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jon Feeney with Consumer Edge.
Jonathan Feeney: You mentioned -- Miguel, you mentioned in your remarks, capability gaps. And I thought that was an interesting way of putting it. Could you be more specific about the kind of capabilities where you see gaps that need to be funded? Like is it something different than we all think about media spend, we think about product quality, as things that pay off right now? Are there big structural investments as far as generating insights where you feel like there are gaps that require investment? If so, like, where specifically? And maybe related to that, the SKU reduction, is there anything related to like new insights, new capabilities that, that would now would be the time to look at reducing SKUs in North America? It seems to me like -- I don't know, that seems to be something where I think Kraft Heinz has been great at taking a look at where SKUs don't make sense and focusing. So what -- maybe what insights related to that drove that decision?
Miguel Patricio: Thank you, Jonathan. Specifically, let me start specifically with the SKUs that you are mentioning, and then I go -- I'll tell you overall my point of view about that. I think we -- the company has been on a frenzy of innovation in the last 2 to 3 years and trying through launching new products to compensate the decline in net sales. We have not been successful on that. We really have not been successful on that. Yes, we brought a lot of complexity to the system but this innovation was not translated into additional sales. It was very cannibalistic and brought much more complexity. And as a consequence, a lot of supply chain losses and lower margins. Many of this innovation was done through third-party manufacturers. So of course, that's, for me, when I arrived and with fresh eyes, I asked the obvious questions and one of them is, let me understand profitability by SKU, let me understand volume by SKU, and there's a big tail of SKUs that, yes, actually, with a negative margin or are not important at all, very, very small or both. And that can just generate a lot of complexity in the system. And so yes, we are going to reduce this, we are going to reduce.  We have to have the discipline that, at the same time that we innovate and we put new products in the market we have to have the discipline to clean the tail of low margin, negative margin or a low volume, very low volume, that are really not [indiscernible] just creating more complexity in the system. And this is a capability. So going back to your point about capabilities. I think that innovation is an area that we have to increase, we'll have to improve dramatically. There are other areas that I think that we have to improve our capabilities. And -- but I think that innovation is one that I'm very focused on. It is a big driver for growth for the future, has to be especially in the food industry, but we have to do bigger innovation. We have to do fewer innovation. We have to do bolder innovation. We have to do profitable innovation and has to be incremental instead of doing everything and old products innovating and vouching and throwing new products in the market that will not really generate extra profitability to our company.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Moskow with Crdit Suisse.
Robert Moskow: A couple of questions. One is, Miguel, on the slides, you focused a lot on giving us a plan for 2020 but I kind of thought that investors were looking for like a 3-year plan or something of a longer-term nature. Are you going to give us kind of a ramp of what those next 3 years might look like when you give us the review? And then secondly, a more detailed question. In your conversations with customers, have you found that customers are giving you any kind of insight on their perception of Kraft versus your peers? My perception is that Kraft has had some pretty rigid structures in terms of pay-for-performance with customers, and maybe that led to some of the disputes that you've had in the past. Is there any insight you can give us in that regard?
Miguel Patricio: Yes. So two very different questions. Let me answer first the first one, Robert. I'm working at the same time in the -- well, in delivering the results for 2019 on building the budget for '20 and on the future, right? For 2020, I need the strategy, but this -- 2020 is going to be more about continued stabilization. And then this is what I aim, is that 2020 is a year that we stabilize the business and that we build the foundation for growth in 2021. So the answer to you is yes, when we present the strategy that we are working on, that is going to be a long term with a long-term view. So we -- our 3-year plan will be addressed. Regarding customers, yes, I've been talking to customers and learning a lot from them. And I can tell you that their biggest concern is what you call the disputes and then that translates into service levels. So we had problems in the past, several problems in different types of products with our service level. And that although we haven't had any big problem this year, so we are in a much better year in terms of service level, there are still scars from the past.  And then when they remind us of all the problems that we had in the previous years in terms of service level, they questioned that if this is sustainable or not. They also -- so this, I would say, that is -- their number one concern, really, service level. But they're also concerned about planning and strategy. So we need to be better on our planning with them and adapt our planning cycle to their planning cycle. I think there's a big opportunity to do that, and we are going to address that. At this moment, because of the way we are planned -- that we plan on our budget cycle that doesn't tie with their budget cycle, the feeling I have is that we are always late and the feeling that they have is the same. The other part is related to strategy that they want to see us communicating to them and teaching them and is training them in a more strategic way on a long term. And then I would put a fourth point that the -- that is about execution, that we can have better execution in their stores. So I would say that these are the four items that we -- that I'm -- when I think about customers that I'm focused on, really, service level, planning, strategy and execution.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane: So I think about the follow-up on Andrew's question about -- so, I guess, supply chain opportunities or opportunities within COGS and maybe, Paulo, if you could help us sort of get a little bit of a bridge. If we go back to EBITDA for fiscal '17 and then compare it to where we are the last 12 months, there's an EBITDA decline of about $1.6 billion or so. And can you give us a little -- a bridge of kind of what the drivers were that got us from there to here? And I guess what's really underneath the question is just trying to understand how much of it was items that were outside of the company's control and then items that are sort of within the control and are potentially addressable?
Paulo Basilio: Sure. So thanks for the question. When you go back from our peak 2017 margins. And again, when you bridge these two, let's say, our last 12, as I said, pretty much we have two big drivers, two big areas of decline, right? 60% of the decline roughly is coming from gross margin. And this -- you could split this in mainly the inflation we have in our supply chain with not enough initiatives to offset that; investments that we had in service level for the customers; an unfavorable product mix that we saw in the launch of the business, and this is part of the type of incrementality, the innovation that we had that Miguel was talking about. And also, the fact that with all of this inflation and not enough savings or efficiency initiatives to offset that, we were slow in moving our prices. So I think this is pretty much 60% of the gap. The other 30% of the gap is driven by SG&A. So 60-plus around gross margin, 25% to 30% around SG&A. 70% of that was pretty much commercial investments we made. We had international go-to-market initiatives, new areas inside the company like digital and also additional market investments that we put that is -- because of our fragmentation of innovation, ended up going too much to nonworking piece to support the innovation pipeline. And the remaining, also we have like of 30% of the 25% from the SG&A is pretty much lapping bonds accrual that we didn't have in 2017. So a 6% gross margin, 30% SG&A, with 70% of this 30% coming from these commercial investments that we made that we are assessing now. The other 30% of the 25% decline, driven by bonds that we didn't have in 2017. I think it's -- on that, I think it's -- and we, internally here, and myself specifically, we reflect a lot about this, the performance and the root cause of this performance. And we had big leaks of key learnings here and things that we're going to go after and things that came from the outside. That's pretty much at the base of all these initiatives, near-term projects that we have. But at the end of the day, pretty much we were not kind of fast enough to move from that first initial integration stage to build this organic growth plan for the company. In a moment that the industry had a lot of big transformations, right, both from the customers' lens, from the retailers' lens.  So I think that was the combination of the things that I think drove our past three years' performance down. But now I think the offense is that we built these work streams with Miguel to address those things through -- again, we had a lot of costs inside the business. And now we are reassessing each of them the ability for us to get back them to be able to help to fund all the investments that we are identifying as opportunities in the business. And what we can share also here is that so far, we found a lot of opportunities to invest, as Miguel was saying, behind media, behind higher support from a more concentrated set of innovation. And so far, we were able to find the sources inside the company to fund those investments. Again, of course, we are still working on the strategy and later price, that we expect to find more areas of opportunity and also more areas of savings to support potentially those investments.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Baumgartner with Wells Fargo.
John Baumgartner: Miguel, I'd like to come back to the innovation approach. Because when you speak to the fewer, bigger, better ideas, I'm curious as to how you think about the capabilities there. Because those are, as you say, bets which may or may not work out. So can you speak to where the company stands right now and its ability to identify the idea that could become successful, big bets, because the company has pursued this for the last couple of years of very limited success. And I guess my follow-up would be, what's changing or what still needs to change in terms of the capacity there?
Miguel Patricio: Okay. So a very good question. And I'll tell you, I think that there's a fundamental change that -- or we need to do a fundamental change in the company, from a company that was much more focused on today and probably pursuing a strategy that was more focused on inorganic growth to a company that needs to pursue organic growth and needs to understand the future better than anybody else. That's a big change. You need to change, you need to put first the mindset in a direction. Second, really a strategy, where do we think that the growth is going to happen? So we need to transform this company into a much more consumer-driven company in a much more looking-forward type of company rather than just operating the present. It's not either one or the other. We need to do both. And I think that we can and we should do both. So as a consequence, I think that the innovation was we did a lot of plan extensions. We were relying too much on things that were not really incremental and we need to do more things in areas that we believe are going to grow. The last call, I gave the example of Boca, and I think is a good example. We were the first company introducing veggie burgers 15 years ago. But because we didn't have a good vision about how the world would progress, Boca has not been a focused brand. And as a consequence, we never really took advantage of everything that is happening in this area.  So understanding the future, understanding the consumer, I think, is the way to go. Of course that -- for that, we will need much more better insight, much better creativity. We'll need a more united R&D. So we didn't have a Head of R&D. R&D was in all departments of the company. We are now unifying R&D in the company, having one head of R&D. We are defining our strategy. We also appointed a Chief Growth Officer. Pull things into this direction, right. Hopefully, I was -- I gave you the answer you were expecting, John. I don't know if you want to ask anything else related to that.
John Baumgartner: No, No. I guess, maybe just as a follow-up in terms of rebuilding the R&D pipeline. How long does it take to really kind of get the ideas going, kind of getting the pipeline full again? Is this like a five year plan? Is it a three year plan, how do you think about that?
Miguel Patricio: So on that, we also have to work on process to speed up innovation. In my previous world, in my previous role and previous company, we reduced the development of products from a 2-year to 6 months by changing process methodologies, basically introducing the agile type of building innovation. We're going to do the same here. So we need to be much faster. And that is also what I previously said, John, that in 2020, needs to be a year of stabilization to give us the time to be working on the pipeline for the future, for the years to come. What we have in the pipeline for 2020, it's still, of course, not under the strategy that we are going to present to you at the beginning of the year. During 2020, we will have to define and develop the pipeline for the future.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Strycula with UBS.
Steven Strycula: Miguel, I have a quick follow-up to Alexia's question, and I appreciate you haven't fully ironed out the Board plan at this point in time. But can you help investors at least think through the obvious and, more importantly, the less obvious implications of the dividend policy as you think forward? That would be helpful. And then I have a quick follow-up.
Miguel Patricio: Can you help me giving you exactly what you have in mind, Steve? I want to address your question in the right way.
Steven Strycula: Sure. Yes. So when I have conversations with investors, we receive the puts and takes of whether the company has excess capital to really pay out at the levels that they do today. And how do you think about some of the considerations of, if you have fewer brands in the portfolio moving forward, or the priority is to paying down debt? So to sum up, the question would really be, what are the very obvious considerations of keeping it versus not keeping it? And then what would be some of the unintended consequences that maybe most investors might not see from our vantage point?
Paulo Basilio: This is Paulo. Let me try to address how we're thinking about that. So in the cash flow information, and I know that we're going to see these later in our Q. In -- for example, in Q3, we generated a free cash flow to equity after CapEx of $860 million. So sufficient to pay the dividend at roughly below $500 million. But the important thing here is that now, what we are doing that, as Miguel mentioned, we are discussing the future of the company, the strategy of the company, how we're going to, where are we going to invest to grow the business for the next 3 to 5 years. And developing this plan, for sure, as you can imagine, like capital structure is a key chapter of this as I said. And for us, being an investment-grade company is -- remains very, very important. So our time line here is that we are going to develop our strategic plan, we are going to set our future expectations for our performance, addressing our portfolio, our categories, our brands, our regions and also our capital structure to support that and share with the market early next year.
Miguel Patricio: Steven, just repeating what Paulo said. I think that when we define our strategy, we'll define what are the areas that we think that we can have substantial growth. What are the areas that we don't think we can have substantial growth but can generate very good cash to support the growth? And what are the areas that our products or categories that actually could have a better fit with somebody else. And I think that with this in mind, we can identify categories that we can have divested in the future.
Steven Strycula: And then a quick follow-up related to innovation, Miguel. What's your personal philosophy or strategy as you think about the patience to seed and build growth and, call it, longer-term categories? They might not be very large today, but might be the future of, call it, the portfolio or areas that could be a few hundred million dollar brands. So I guess to sum up, the question would really be, how does a company that's so ZBB focused think about immediate return on investment versus necessarily seeding and needing to grow for the longer term?
Miguel Patricio: And now I think that your question is very important, but let me tell you that, yes, I love ZBB. I really do. In my previous company, I worked for 22 years and I learned to love ZBB. But for one reason, because ZBB was a big lever or made it possible to grow the business throughout the year. So when I look at ZBB, I look at it as a discipline to make things every day better, so we can free up resources to invest in other products. I don't look at ZBB as a way to basically cut costs and cut costs. I see it as a way to do things better every day and have -- the consequence of that is to be more efficient and to free up resources to invest in the business. But addressing your second point about how are you going to invest in things that today are small, and tomorrow can be big, are you going to have that discipline? I think that question is very, very important. I think companies tend to invest on what's big and not what it will grow, and I think we need to do both. And then we really need to understand what will grow and bet on it. It may be smaller today, but you need to have the patience to nurture these categories, these products, these brands to be big one day. I'm looking at this right now, not only brands but also channels that today may not be so representative, but have a great potential for the future. So I tend to agree with you, and I don't think that, that has to do with ZBB. It's just the opposite. I think that ZBB will free up resources to invest in these categories.
Operator: Our final question comes from Laurent Grandet with Guggenheim.
Laurent Grandet: Yes. Thanks, Miguel, for sharing in details your progress. Very insightful, thank you. Actually, I do have two quick ones. I mean, first is other income. Could you please explain what is in the other income line this quarter? As you'd explained, about half of the beat in the quarter are about $0.08 in our math. And then more on the Plasmon business in Italy. Could you please explain why you changed your position in regards to the divestiture? And it will be interesting for us, I mean, in understanding the rationale here, I mean, as we further assess, I mean, other possible, I mean, the right opportunities for you?
Paulo Basilio: Thanks for the question. This is Paulo. So let me -- again, I'm going to -- I'm not going to comment on the consensus expectations for other income. But at the level of our other income, it was very similar to the levels that we had in prior year, pretty much the same type of level. Versus our expectations, it was a little bit better and pretty much driven by three factors. It's the first one, we had better return to the capital markets from our investments. We had some gains in hedging positions and also favorable FX in the balance. So this is pretty much how we -- how this other income line performed versus our internal expectations. So for Q4, to give a little bit more color here, we're expecting the other income to go down by around $20 million. It's part of the -- versus -- go down $10 million versus prior year. That's part of the headwind that we disclosed below the EBITDA lines. About divestitures, Miguel, would you want to comment?
Miguel Patricio: Yes, sure. No, I wanted to tell you about baby food, that I think it's -- we have a business that if you look at -- in baby food, if you look it individually at the countries where we have baby food, it's not very meaningful. We have baby food in a lot of countries, in Russia, in China, in Australia, in Italy, in U.K., in New Zealand, in Canada, in Colombia, in Mexico, all tiny business. Maybe the biggest one is in Italy. But all very tiny business. But when you put them together, it's $0.5 billion business, it's sizable. We are declining in the majority of these countries. And I tell you, I think that is basically because it's not very important in each one of the countries and also because we really do not have expertise, really expertise, big expertise on baby food.  And if you look at the countries individually, we don't even have the scale, I think, to have this expertise. Now with the changes that we made in structure, with the appointment of Rafael as our Zone President International when we put Latin America, Asia Pacific and Europe together, then he will have all this business or basically all this business together and becomes meaningful in his portfolio. He will put a team working on baby food. Understanding what moves baby food, understanding these sites, understanding the trends, understanding the needs of the moms and the babies that, because of scale, we didn't have today in each one of these countries. So it's a good example of capabilities that we have to build that by changing structure, we can get there. So that would be my comment about baby food.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call back over to Chris Jakubik for any further remarks.
Christopher Jakubik: Well, thanks, everyone, for joining us this morning. For the analysts that have follow-up questions, both myself and Andy Larkin will be available. And for members of the media that have follow-up questions, Michael Mullen will be available to take your calls as well. Thanks very much, and have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-08-08 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day. My name is Sherry, and I will be your operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to The Kraft Heinz Company's First Half 2019 Earnings Conference Call.  I would now turn the call over to Chris Jakubik, Head of Global Investor Relations. Mr. Jakubik, you may begin.
Chris Jakubik: Hello, everyone, and thanks for joining our business update. With me today are Miguel Patricio, our new Chief Executive Officer; and David Knopf, our Chief Financial Officer. We'll begin today's call with opening comments from both Miguel and David, and then we'll open up the lines for your questions.  Please note that during our remarks today, we will make some forward-looking statements that are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties, and these are discussed in our press release and our filings with the SEC. We will also discuss some non-GAAP financial measures during the call today. These non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered a replacement for and should be read together with GAAP results. And you can find the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our earnings release. Now it's my pleasure to introduce our Chief Executive Officer, Miguel Patricio. 
Miguel Patricio: Thank you Chris and hello everyone. Well first of all I'm honored to be with you today as the new CEO of Kraft Heinz. As someone who has worked on some of the biggest brands in the world I know intimately their power in the marketplace and with consumers. Kraft Heinz has some of the globes best roughly 200 brands in nearly 200 countries with nearly 20 of them maintaining their relevance for 100 years or more. We are in 97% of American households today holding the number one or two spots in 50 categories.  And Im humbled to follow the great CEOs that have successfully adapted our brands and businesses through periods of tremendous change over more than 100 years. These are great assets for any business. But at Kraft Heinz we have far bigger aspirations. Thats why I want to be candid with you from the start of my tenure here. The valuation of our stock is now among the slowest in the industry and you deserve straight talk from me about how this business is run. I plan to do that to you today and for as long as Im here.  The entire Board has mandated a new approach to Kraft Heinz. As such its my job to tell you what we got wrong and why we got it wrong. Over the coming months I will share more with you about how well fix it but it starts right now with me and our entire senior management team.  Our brands are icons, its our job to ensure they are leading icons. To do that we must understand the future so we can lead, not follow. We must understand the consumer better than any other company.  We have a good start on being data and process driven but we must put more attention on the consumer [indiscernible]. For instance we have sophisticated tools to tell quality-[made impressions] [ph] versus those that dont reach the consumer. But we're also the company that had the first plant-based burger, the Boca burger, but find ourselves far behind the plant-based market today.  Many of you believe our story as one of cost control and zero-based budgeting. This has been strength to our company because they have enhanced our margins since the time of our merger. Without this discipline we would be in a worse place today. But we have to do more than that. We need to change so we can apply strong consistent investments in our brands. There is no doubt our industry is in such a big moment of transformation, in retail, non-traditional channels, private label, premiumization, consumer values, health and wellbeing. Big transformation represents big opportunity and we as an organization need to be at the forefront of this change. My first 40 days at Kraft Heinz have been rich in learning with honest and candid conversations with our global leaders, employees as well as our customers. I have held numerous townhalls, had one-on-one with more than 300 employees and had the chance to visit all of our major offices around the world. Those conversations have left me with an enormous appreciation for the team that we have here at Kraft Heinz.  Our team is hard working and motivated to drive the next chapter of the business and the consistent message I hear from them is that while they've been through a lot, they still have a strong desire to win. Their commitment to the company is why I am privileged to be their leader. But before we get into my first impressions and thoughts on our path forward, I'm going to ask David to review our first half results. 
David Knopf: Thank you, Miguel, and good morning, everyone. First off, with the filing of Forms 10-Q for both the first and second quarters, we expect to regain our current filer status with the SEC. The accounting review and audit process for our 10-K was a thorough and time intensive effort, and we restated past periods for misstatements that have occurred over the past four fiscal years.  Overall, the magnitude of adjustments to our historical numbers was a cumulative impact from 2015 to 2018 of less than 1% of net income. We are now taking extensive actions to improve internal policies and procedures, and to strengthen internal controls, including over financial reporting.  To date, we have already implemented a comprehensive disciplinary plan for all employees found to have engaged in misconduct; enhanced our organization, augmenting our procurement finance teams with additional experienced professionals in the area of supplier contracts and related arrangements, as well as realigned reporting lines, so procurement finance now reports directly to the finance organization, and have enhanced the level of precision at which our internal controls for financial reporting for goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment tests are performed.  We're also in the process of reassessing employees KPIs, and will be implementing checkpoints to evaluate the impacts from significant changes in the environment, as well as evaluating potential solutions to upgrade our procurement management software, and deploying a comprehensive global procurement training program.  Taking these steps to improve internal controls is of the utmost importance for our Board, Miguel and myself. It will continue to be a high priority for the organization going forward. And I would like to thank all parties for their support and dedication, especially our finance and legal teams, our Board of Directors, our financial partners, among others.  Regarding our first half performance, overall, while our consumption and share trends continued to improve, our first half results were held back by actions at a number of our retail partners in both the U.S. and Canada to reduce the amount of inventory they carry. We continued to suffer from higher supply chain costs. And frankly, the absolute level of year-on-year declines in EBITDA and EPS are simply unacceptable.  If you recall, in February, we set our priorities around improving our growth and returns by driving consumption and market share, and leveraging in-store sales and e-commerce investments to build our brands and grow our categories. So far this year, our retail takeaway in both United States and Canada have continued to grow and improve since the second half of 2018 and into the first half of 2019. In the United States, first half consumption in measured channels was up 1.1% versus the prior year with market share gains in more than half of our business. In Canada retail sales consumption grew nearly 4% in the first half, although this was aided by return to a more normal promotional calendar versus the prior year. And weve continued our strong push on condiments and sauces around the world with significant advertising and merchandising activity behind the Heinz 150 year anniversary.  But on the whole, we are dissatisfied with our financial performance year-to-date, as well as the fact that retailer inventory reductions dampened our potential for the first half and the full year. In terms of sales for the first half, we outlined in February the sources of our organic net sales decline. These included unfavorable promotional timing in both the United States and Canada as well as difficult comparisons versus an exceptionally strong prior year in UK soups. In addition to that we also saw a negative impact from lower inventory levels at retail in North America that we did not anticipate, as well as lost sales due to trade negotiations in parts of Continental Europe as we implemented good, better, best pricing in ketchup between our Heinz and newly repatriated Kraft brands.  From a total company perspective, organic net sales were down 1.5% in the first half, including an adverse impact of approximately 1.2 percentage points from retail inventory reductions primarily in the U.S. and Canada.  Volume mix was relatively flat in the first half as the reduction in retail inventory levels more than offset consumption growth in the United States, Canada and Latin America. Pricing was negative, down 1.3 percentage points, driven by three factors. The first factor driving lower pricing was unfavorable timing of promotional expense, representing roughly 80 basis point decrease in price on a global basis, including approximately 90 basis points in the U.S.  In the U.S., while we expected promotional timing to be a source of year-over-year decline in the first half, it should turn favorable in the second half of the year and therefore relatively neutral for the full year. By contrast, the step-up in Canada reflects greater activity versus last year, including the natural cheese business that we just sold and its not likely to reverse in the second half.  The second factor was key commodity driven pricing in North America, representing roughly 30 basis point drag on global pricing in the first half. And third, the remainder primarily reflects continued promotional support behind selects for select U.S. categories, mainly in our Launchables and frozen categories.  With respect to profitability, we spoke about our first quarter and indeed our first half being up against our toughest EBITDA comparisons for the year. This reflected our expected net inflation curve, stepped up fixed cost investments and retail channel growth, marketing and our people, as well as pricing not beginning to take effect until the second quarter. In the end, the cost inflation picture while improving remained unfavorable versus the prior year across packaging, manufacturing and logistics in the United States. And this together would stepped up fixed cost investments drove roughly half of the constant currency production in first half EBITDA we saw versus the prior year.  Regarding adjusted EPS, the decline we saw in the first half reflected lower adjusted EBITDA, as well as higher depreciation and amortization expenses versus the prior year period.  Other income and our effective tax rate versus the first half of 2018 were more favorable than we expected, such that in total below the line items were a $0.02 benefit to adjusted EPS versus the first six months of 2018.  From a forward-looking perspective, we have now completed the two divestitures we previously announced: India nutritional beverages and Canada natural cheese. These divestitures resulted in a combined after-tax proceeds of more than $1.5 billion. And we remain committed to using those proceeds to further deleverage and strengthen our balance sheet.  However, I will highlight here that with regards to our effective tax rate, we continue to expect roughly 21% for the full year. The first half was only 18.4% due to the timing of discrete items, but this benefit is not expected to repeat, resulting in a higher rate in the second half, especially in Q3. And for the second half of 2019, specifically, we continue to expect to see an improvement in year-over-year top and bottom-line growth rate versus what we saw in the first half. This should be driven by continued momentum in consumer offtake and more innovation coming to market, improved pricing trends, particularly as our price increases in the U.S. take hold and lapping some of the stepped up fixed costs and cost inflation that we saw in the back half of last year. Although I would note that we are seeing risk from further reductions in retailer inventory levels, as well as accelerating key commodity costs in the U.S. that we had not anticipated at the start of the year. Now I'll turn it back to Miguel.
Miguel Patricio: Thank you, David. I'll start by saying that the level of decline versus previous year is nothing we are proud of, and nothing that any of us should find acceptable moving forward. And while I have officially been the CEO for roughly 40 days at this point, I think it's important to make a candid assessment of where I think we are today.  At the outset, I shared many of the concerns that a good number of you have expressed over things like brand support, supply chain execution, the sustainability of our profits, and just how long it would take to be in the position to start growing both the top-line and the bottom-lines.  And our Board of Directors made it clear that they wanted to bring change in light of the company's recent missteps and have given me their full support to contemplate any tasks that will create long-term sustainable value for our shareholders. So far, I have found as you might expect, things are rarely as bad or as good, as what you read from the outside.  What is clear is that we win when we strongly and consistently invest in our brands. For instance, thanks to innovations and investments to extend a 150-year old brand into new segments, Heinz achieved an all time high market share in U.S. ketchup reaching 70% in the second quarter. And Philadelphia has consistently grown share and grown the category year-over-year since 2014 with 68% share year-to-date by setting the standard for superior quality and taste.  We have also built a world class quality organization that has had the fewest recalls in the food industry over the past four years. Since 2015 we invested more than $1 billion of CapEx in North America alone including significant investments on the end of the line for detection, risk avoidance and consumer complaint mitigation. These are just some examples of great things I have seen at the company in my early days. But its also important to face the cold hard facts and assess where we have had shortfalls.  First and foremost the company had a significant decline in adjusted EBITDA margins from a peak of 29.4% in the fiscal 2017 to roughly 24.5% for the trailing 12 months through the end of June this year. This was driven by a combination of inflation in our supply chain, including packaging, freight, overtime, and maintenance costs, as well as significant step up in fixed costs to support sales growth with price increases lagging higher costs.  Regarding our supply chain problems in 2018, its clear we lost forecast accuracy and our ability to execute productivity initiatives to offset market inflation. I believe we persisted with integration-minded cost cutting and did not pivot to a continuous improvement productivity driven mindset soon enough.  Before I arrived the company started to take actions to make sure this doesnt happen again. But I see opportunity to go further by bringing in more technical expertise in critical areas, by improving collaboration and process between our category and supply chain teams, by doing a better job of understanding root causes of supply chain losses and this needs to be supported by our finance team leading across functional efforts to improve visibility. So one of my main priorities now and going forward is to make sure we have a much better visibility in our supply chain as well as more robust ongoing productivity initiatives. I believe this critical part of the company should and can generate significant productivity. If we have the proper visibility we can build a solid pipeline of efficiencies-oriented initiatives across our value chain.  Moving to our fixed costs or SG&A, since 2015 we have taken out significant costs from the business. We also reinvested roughly $300 million last year in areas like people, go-to-market capabilities, marketing and innovation. To be honest it's too early for me to tell which investments will generate the returns we expect. But my experience tells me that whenever there are a lot of big investments in such a short period of time its difficult to see all of them working at once.  Its therefore critical that we prioritize the ones that are working and that fit the strategic agenda that we're currently developing. And for the investments that are not working, we move those dollars to areas that may need more investment. As examples, I believe our investments in media remain low despite fixed costs and overall marketing spend increasing over the past two years.  On the brand and innovation side, we need to become more consumer obsessed so we can better predict their behavior even before they know it. There are practices that need to change in the product development process, so we can be faster and more consumer-centric with our new products. And we need to better balance spending and marketing, innovations versus core brand support.  And in terms of retail channel development, Kraft Heinz has grown rapidly and has had strong share performance in e-commerce but we really need to take a step back and develop a longer term outlook of the channel growth, and how Kraft Heinz can win and assess the incrementality of each customer.  So it's not just about cutting costs. Its becoming more about efficiency, and making dollars already in [outer base] [ph] work harder elsewhere.  Let me turn now to my priorities and the opportunities I see ahead of us. When I became CEO last month, I established three immediate goals with the Board. The first, which should be obvious, is to get to know our business, our consumers, our customers and my colleagues. The second is to execute our existing 2019 business plan. The third and most important is to lead a comprehensive review to develop a new strategic agenda for the next three to five years. It is critical that we get the organization to concentrate on setting our strategic directions, and laying the foundation for our future, now. We need to ask ourselves the hard questions about our business, not thinking about the short-term or next quarter. And we need to take the time to seek out external and internal inspiration and build on best practices, both within Kraft Heinz and from other world class brands.  From a financial perspective, we do expect many of the top and bottom-line factors that held back the first half to [indiscernible] in the second half. But Ive asked David that we not provide or update specific point estimate financial guidance. Setting short-term targets publicly won't be productive as we set and work to deliver against our strategic directions and priorities.  In addition, as I'm learning the business and develop our strategic agenda, I want us to spend more time evaluating the questions of the investors. We absolutely remain committed to our investment grade credit rating., But our more urgent priority is to get the organization fixated on our consumers and customers. And in this process ensure we don't rush to give away potential value to others.  We have already started the work and taking some early actions to put in place the right team and the right structure to help achieve my three immediate priorities. As you may have seen my first act as CEO was to make some changes in our structure to help accelerate our progress. First, I have taken on the U.S. President role on an interim basis. U.S. represents 70% of our company and this will help me understand our business, consumers and the customers faster. For me this big dive is an essential step to developing the right plan that drives sustainable growth and shareholder value for Kraft Heinz. I also established a new role International zone President for Kraft Heinz combining our EMEA, Asia Pacific and Latin American zones representing 20% of our global business. We did this to create streamlined, more robust international structure, to find commonalities, refine their strategy and drive the business with greater speeds.  We will continue to share more of our approach to the strategic agenda over the coming quarters. We expect to complete our work by the year end. And anticipate sharing our conclusions with you early next year. As we build this plan my experience has shown that to truly change the momentum of a business we must understand the future identifying where the consumer, their needs and the marketplace are headed. And then invest quickly and consistently to make sure our core brands will serve those needs better than the competition.  Further, I believe we can and must find internal efficiencies whether in our supply chain or fixed cost base that had both increased substantially in our last two years that can help to fund this strategy. Intense discipline is a virtue but its not an end in itself. I believe great companies are the ones that keep expenses under control so they can use the capital for new investments that grow both the top-line and the bottom-line. Its not one or the other.  As I look ahead Im very excited about the opportunities at Kraft Heinz. Similar to my attention to consumer, customers and colleagues, I also look forward to engaging with the investment community over the coming months and quarters.  Now, we would be happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator instructions]. Our next question comes from Andrew Lazar of Barclays.
Andrew Lazar : So first from me a little more broadly. As you mentioned there's been so much written and said about Kraft Heinz really just into even 4Q results in February, which immediately feels like a lifetime Miguel. Its a little hard to know from the outside I guess what range true or not. So first off, perhaps if you could just go through a little bit of specifics on what you see as some of maybe the biggest misperceptions among investors at this stage, both positive and negative? And then I just got a follow up. 
Miguel Patricio: Sorry, Im not going to comment on rumors or on speculation about what people think about Kraft Heinz. But Im glad to tell you why Im optimistic and why Im here at Kraft Heinz. I really believe on the power of brand its got. And I think that we have an amazing portfolio of brands, some are shiny, some are not. But I think the heritage that we have in the brands, the household proliferation that we have, the awareness that we have makes me feel very positive about the possibility of turning around some of the trends that we have in the brands that are not doing as well. I also think that we have a great scale. And that is a very competitive advantage in America. And I am also very, very excited about the possibility of turning the business around. I have done it before in my life and I think that it is possible. Now to take a business around, I think its critical that we define comprehensive strategy. And this strategy has to be based on understanding the future, understanding the consumer. I believe that if we have -- the industry is in huge transformation today. And transformation is also a moment of opportunity. And the ones that are going to take this opportunity are the ones that will understand the future better than the others. So they will lead. The ones that will not understand will follow. And the followers will not win. So we need again to set a comprehensive simple strategy for the future and be very disciplined on making and executing them.  So, I'm very excited, I am much more excited today after 40 days than I was on day one about our future. 
Andrew Lazar : Thanks for that. And I know you're not ready to address, obviously, what you see is sort of a more sustainable margin structure for the business yet, going forward. But as you mentioned, EBITDA margins have sort of come in some 500 basis points or so in the past three years. Some of that's been reinvestment, whether in marketing or capabilities, and some has been related to other items, but margins are still well above the Group average. So I guess my question is, do you think Kraft Heinz with its sort of geographic portfolio and relative market share makeup, should be able to sustain a margin structure still well above the Group or not? Because in your prepared remarks, I think you talked about more efficiently using the spending that's already in the base. Thanks so much. 
Miguel Patricio: Yes. Thank you Andrew. Well, let me start saying again that I truly believe that we need to invest much more, especially in our people, and our brands. I think that as I said before that our media investments are below where they should be. But before going after new investments, I would really look at the possibility of inefficiencies in the system so I can reorganize and redeploy these investments. I am still -- of course, its early to talk about it but I'm seeing a lot of inefficiencies and this could bring us big opportunities. I'll give you just two examples so I'm not so theoretical.  In marketing, we increased investment in the last two years. But in media, we've been declining. We grew investments or we put money behind many other things, agency fees, production, research, product development. But the thing that the consumer really sees, we declined to pay the other expense. This was in our inefficiencies that we can redeploy.  I will give you another example, maybe because of all the complexity that we put in the system, our supply chain losses have been increasing actually double-digits in the last years, thats not acceptable. We need to understand very well the root causes of the supplier chain losses and that to reduce them. We got losses that can be converted in investments. So just two examples of inefficiencies that I have seen very early here in my job. And this has to be my focus before talking about new investments and reducing the margin. Id be going after inefficiencies, that can put best in the system to feed the growth and seeing them. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Chris Growe with Stifel.
Chris Growe : I just want to ask a question. You spoke about -- and I had a benefit of listening to your comments there about needing visibility, improving processes, bringing new technical expertise. From a high level that sounds like thats a lot more blocking and tackling, basic improvements would be made to Kraft Heinz in order to get the business to where you would like it. Im just trying to get a sense of, for the timing or expense or something to understand. Those factors, those items that have kind of missing at Kraft Heinz today that -- how long youre talking, how much do you think it will cost to get the company to the point where you think you a visibility you need and the processes in place to better grow the business? 
Miguel Patricio: So Chris let me go back a little bit in time, Kraft Heinz. I think when you put two companies together, the first cycle or first phase or first cycle has to be really about bringing new culture and extracting inefficiencies. I think the company did a good job on that. We extracted a lot of efficiencies. We passed a lot of costs. But then after two years, its hard to continue to cutting costs. You need to change the strategy or you need to change the path. In the first year you have two CEOs, you cut one CEO, so thats cost cutting but the following year dont have another CEO to cut. Cost cutting is a one-off activity and it is necessary when you have the opportunities. But then you have to move and you have to think about how do you reduce costs but in a different way and that way is really -- you have to change the way of operating the business, its about efficiencies, its about making better everyday forever. You need to change the mindset. And if you reduce cutting costs trouble, you can get in trouble. I think that this second phase starts now with me. Yes, it could have started before and I think the company would have benefit from that, but it didnt. And so it starts now with me and Im going to put a big emphasis on that, not on cost cutting but on efficiencies in the system, extracting efficiencies from the system, making better every day, making our factories much more efficient, making our execution in sales much better, making our marketing investments, as I mentioned before, much better as well. So we invest on things that consumer see, not on the consumer doesn't see et cetera, et cetera. Hopefully I was able to answer your question, Chris.
Chris Growe : Yes, that makes good sense. And thank you for that color there. I had a quick question for David. Just do you expect -- you're not giving guidance for the year, but if you could provide us some context around FX and variable compensation and non-key commodity? Are those figures you can update today David or you would wait to get more information on those?
David Knopf: Yes, Chris, thanks for the question. So, like Miguel said, we're not providing at this point guidance. But I can give some additional color on some of the items below the line. So we continue to expect up to $0.25 of unfavorability below adjusted EBITDA line for the full year relative to 2018. And this negative impact will be greater in the second half relative to what we saw in the first half for a couple different reasons.  First off, the largest driver is tax. We have some discrete benefits in the first half, whereas we expect some discrete costs within the back half of the year. Second, we did see some FX favorability in the first half in other income that may flip in the second half. Third, related to incentive based comp, will have a significant expense in the second half of the year. And this is due to the timing of the delayed filings of our 10-K and our 10-Qs whereas we typically expect that to happen in the first half of the full year.  And then finally, we may see some higher interest expense in the second half as well.
Miguel Patricio: Maybe let me add on this point, Chris, because I believe this was a big disappointment for you that we're not giving you guidance. And I'll go further a little bit and tell you why? First, because I believe that for Kraft Heinz -- and now we need -- what we don't need is to be focused on internal -- on profit targets on the short-term. We have a big agenda to build. We have a second half to deliver. But I think that working on short-term targets will not help.  But second, since I've been here just for 40 days, I wouldn't feel comfortable about giving a guidance, that I still do not have the necessary confidence about this number. I'm not sure if I'm going to overachieve my second half if I'm going to underachieve or I will achieve. When -- in this situation, when managers look at the leaders always with empty pockets, right, like they don't know me yet, but what I know is that in the second half some of the pressures that we had in the first half will face pressures like supply costs, or even commercial costs and that is positive.  However, there's also risks, and risks such as further retailer inventory reductions, commodity inflation in categories where private label has had a lot of success, like natural cheese, meat, and coffee. But one observation that I made early on is that from a seasonality standpoint, historically, Kraft Heinz usually earned 60% of the 50% -- at least the 50% of the EBITDA in the first half of the year, but thats just an observation. So we will see how we do.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Bryan Spillane of Bank of America. 
Bryan Spillane : So first question from me I guess, weve gotten this a few times this morning on just how we should be thinking about confidence in the dividend going forward, particularly in the context of at least I guess not having the EBITDA guidance we had before. So if you could just talk about how you are thinking about the dividend and what factors may or may not affect it? 
David Knopf: Sure, Bryan, this is David. Thanks for the question. So, as we said before we are committed to our investment grade rating and we firmly believe that our business today generates sufficient free cash flow to support both delevering organically over time as weve committed as well as to support the current dividend payout that we have. On top of that we have taken actions as you know earlier this year to accelerate the delevering producing our dividend and successfully divesting India beverages and Canada cheese businesses a couple of digits multiple. So again we feel that the business currently generates sufficient cash flow to cover the dividend and also to delever organically. 
Bryan Spillane : And then Miguel, just youre going to the process of reviewing the business. There has been some commentary in the past about potentially just evaluating the portfolio, and gets implied additional asset sale. So could you just provide your perspective not so much on what you might be thinking about doing but just probably more from a higher level just how you think about asset sales in terms of how they create value, don't create value? Just what parameters you're thinking about in terms of what would tend you to do something along those lines.
Miguel Patricio: Bryan, nice talking to you, I dont want to be evasive on your question. But actually I dont want to talk about divestitures or non-divestitures until we make our strategic decisions. I think that has to get consequence after what portfolio youre going to carry for the future and only after refining and having these approved with our Board and discussed and approved, I think we should be talking about divestitures. For that reason at this moment, that question is not undertaken.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. 
Ken Goldman : Just a clarification and not to beat the dead horse, but you do already have guidance of the year, right, youve talked about positive organic sales growth and adjusted EBITDA of $6.3 billion to $6.5 billion. I just want to make sure I understand, are you officially pulling this guidance or youre just opting not to address it today? 
David Knopf: Hi, Ken, this is David. So thats right that we're not providing guidance for the full year so we're pulling guidance. But I can provide a little bit of color on our expectations for the full year without giving an updated point estimate for sales or EBITDA. So like I said before we do expect to see better year-over-year performance on top and bottom-line in the second half versus the first half and some of the drivers are whats consistent with what we said in February and there is some new potential risk to that as well. So what hasnt changed versus our expectations in February are continued retail takeaways that weve seen in the market with U.S. consumption of 1%, Canada consumption of 4%, and that we expect we continue to be supported by accelerated innovation in the back half. And we've also seen some promising growth globally in our food service business as well.  On top of that, we expect to see improved pricing trends in the back half of the year versus what we saw in the first half. And this will happen with some of the trade timing overlapping, as long as the price increases in the U.S. that we implemented later in the first half that will fully lap in the second half as well.  And then finally, on the positive side, as Miguel mentioned earlier, we do expect to see improving cost inflation as we start to lap some of the higher costs that we had in second half of 2018.  We has changed versus our expectations in February as we progressed through Q2 is we see risks for further retailer inventory reductions in the second half. Although we cant say what that may look like, we do see additional risk. And on top of that, we also see risk from accelerating key commodity inflation, particularly in the U.S. in meats and dairy but we will definitely try to manage via price, but could be a risk to us in the second half.  And then finally, we also have some potential adverse currency translation versus our expectations in February. 
Ken Goldman : Okay, thank you for that. I appreciate it. And then my follow up. Miguel I know you're not ready to really talk about this in detail, and I understand it. But there's been a lot of talk today about supply chain, shifting the mindset of going from a merger savings model to ongoing productivity. But is there anything you can give us specifically in terms of what's really going wrong on the top-line? I know you mentioned media spending having gone down and so forth. But just your initial take, because to me that's the most important thing that Kraft can to do to turn the story around is to reverse the top-line trend. So if there's any specifics you can share with us right now that'd be great? 
Miguel Patricio: I think that we need to have a big focus on both bottom-line and the top-line. Maybe in the past, we were too focused on the bottom-line. We need a strategy, first of all for growth, which is critical. We need to find opportunities, find white spaces, what brands to invest, what channels today that do have lower share, what channels should I invest more, and structure for growth, what countries where we should attack and grow and bet on. And these will all be part of our strategy for growth.  So examples, just I was talking here with my colleagues that, a country that I know very well, China. In China we have a very good business on soy sauce. We are leaders in two of the provinces, Guangdong and Fujian, that's two of the most -- the richest provinces. But we are only three. It's a business or it's a industry, soy sauce is an industry $12 billion, it grows 8% per year. And we have great activity there. But we are just in two province, big opportunity to grow outside of this province. There is the big opportunity to have other sauces not only soy sauce. Why haven't we done it? I don't know exactly. But I see this as big opportunity for white space but we have to organize ourselves for growth. It's also good policies, mindsets that we have to do it. And to fund -- and we have to work on the other side, to fund these growth initiatives. We have to be very efficient. We need to be more efficient than everybody else. And to tell you the truth when I came and when I arrived here I was absolutely sure that I would find these opportunities for growth, I was not sure if we had to opportunity for efficiencies because I didnt know the business. And today I know that we have. There are many other white spaces like in the West, talking about ethnicity, 20% of the population in America is Hispanic and represents 40% of the growth of the population. We dont have absolutely anything in our portfolio today to attend this population. We dont even communicate to the Hispanic community. That gives an opportunity. So Im looking at these opportunities everywhere from a brand standpoint, from a channel standpoint, from ethnicity standpoint, from a country standpoint. And this will be only tools that we will put in our plan that we will present to our Board at the end of the year and to you at the beginning of next year. Hopefully, I was able to answer your question. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Palmer with Evercore ISI. 
David Palmer : Welcome Miguel. Supply chain savings or like it rather was cited as a big reason for the last 2018 shortfall. Where do you believe your supply chain costs not, just the competencies, are relative to where they should be? And I asked because I think there is a lot that wouldnt be surprised to hear some of the investments needed given the stories we heard out there, not just that the savings are not there as the company stated last year? And I had a quick follow-up.
Miguel Patricio: Look the good news is that the service level that we had in the first half I think were the best I dont know if ever or in the last year but were very, very high and very, very good. So that is a good news. And I whole credit give to the changes that were made not by me that was way before on the leadership of supply area. So this is one part and we are putting things in place, at present were working on simple things which is basically the execution. We are in a much better place. For the future what we did was to open a front both with inside and outside or external people or talent to help us define what is good match for efficiencies for the future. We opened eight fronts that go from supply chain losses to service level that go to people, that go to cost, its productivity on the line and these are not projects, this will be a way of living. Weve been too focused on the present and literally on fire fighting, there is a fire there, lets extinguish the fire. We need to work on our competencies for the future with the mentality of make it better every day. Again, this is a mentality shift that I lived before in my life, in my professional life that I know what it means and will come forever. This will feed our future in supply, in service level, but also on cost through doing things better, through efficiencies.
David Palmer : And just a quick follow up, there was some reinvestment that was made last year I think was it $300 million in some levels of brand support. You said that there's some inefficiencies there. But as far as the return on that investment, and return on any investment you're making in marketing your brands in the categories that you're in, do you feel like there are enough microcosms or individual success stories that you can build upon here? And what would those be? Because I think there's a lot of questions about return on any marketing investment in some of the categories that you're in. And thank you.
Miguel Patricio: Look let me start with progresses. Consumption is that -- we haven't seen consumption up for a long time, share are flat. And I would say the same here in terms of -- and I have here reports from Neilson with 21 categories, 13 of them have positive shares in the first half of the year. So I could argue with you that some of -- there are a lot of investments that are working. I would mentioned, Heinz Ketchup, with the innovation that we had, and the communication is a very good example. Innovation to premiumize the brand, launching organic versions, no added sugar, that we can charge more that have higher margins. And that helps us well, the image of the brand. And that is a very good example of what to do. We put more money behind the brand and we achieve all kinds of shares, 60% to 70% share. That's a good example.  So, but on the other hand again as I said, I think we can do a much better job on focus on investments on core brands, not dilute at among a lot of brands and small brands, do more innovation on big brands instead of launching too many new brands, having innovation is more incremental and not dilutive. I think we did a lot of brand extensions but not enough of accretive innovation. So there is a big homework to be done in marketing. I don't think everything is wrong at all and there a lot of good examples but we could -- we can do better and consistently invest in our brands. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Jason English: Hey, good morning, folks. And welcome Miguel. Two questions from me as well. And you probably just kind of touched on it by referencing consumption and market share trends, but appreciate the commentary on the reinvestment into people, in media and maybe in some white space opportunities. A lot of investors we speak with have also questioned whether or not investment may be necessary in price whether it be to narrow price gaps with private label, or change the economics of retailers to incent and to focus more on your brands. I would love it if you could just maybe comment on that on where you where you see these price gaps and the retailer economics today and whether or not you think you're properly aligned?
Miguel Patricio: Look, I think that the pricing is an area of opportunity. And I would even say that both pricing, revenue management overall. But specifically on pricing I think that on categorires that we lead we need to meet the pricing and maybe in the past it took us too much time to pass inflation and we suffered with that. I also think that pricing -- averages on pricing are dangerous because we have brands like Heinz Ketchup or like Philadelphia that industry innovation -- or not innovation, we have been able to track price and we continue growing and we're achieving all time highs in that market share. But of course we have more pressure on categories where we have more competition from private label and where kind of more driven by commodities like cheese. So David mentioned before that yes, one of the risk we have in the second half is because cheese -- the commodity of cheese is increasing dramatically, the price of cheese and were tracking price and we are expecting private label to follow, but we dont know if thats a risk. So that would be my comment on pricing, but I would like to go beyond, I think opportunities in revenue management exist as well. I think we can do a better job to maximize the discount. Discount is a big investment and I think we can be much better on allocating discount by count, by product throughout the year, understand better what works in what way and when and how. And I also think that innovation can play a big role on revenue management and as a consequence on pricing. So I think there are good opportunities in this area to explore moving forward.
Jason English: Thank you, that's helpful. And my last question, I appreciate that you guys don't want to box yourself in with specific guidance for this year, but you did have another impairment charge fairly sizable one related to a new five-year operating forecast or revised expectations and priorities. I was hoping you could put a little more context around what is changing as you look out over the next five years versus maybe where your expectations were at the end of last year? 
David Knopf: Jason, this is David, thanks for the question. So on the impairment side, first off our impairment testing as you know occurs in 2Q every year. And so we performed our testing procedure this year after we file the 10-K current concurrent with preparing our Q1 and Q2 financial statements. And then to reiterate these are preliminary numbers that we disclose in 8-K. So the preliminary impairment charge in the first half were driven by two main factors. So first off, as you said we did have revised expectations in response to current market factors in some of our international businesses that were evaluated during the first quarter of 2019 as we developed these five-year plans. And as a reminder these are EMEA East reporting unit, LTA Exports reporting unit and Brazil where we had an impairment.  Secondly, we also had the application of a higher discount rate to reflect the sustained decline in our stock price since the start of the year. And also you should keep in mind that we did start the year at nearly $60 billion of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangibles with less than 20% attrition relative to carrying value. So what that means is there's going to be risk of future impairments, given any change in forecasts or modeling assumption can particularly trigger that.  And to answer your question specifically, as we kind of updated develop these operating forecasts, we did have lower revenue and margin expectations, specifically for the three reporting units that I mentioned, EMEA East, Brazil and LTA Exports. The six brands that were impaired within Q2 were driven by the increase in the discount rate, which again, was reflecting the sustained reduction in our stock price since the start of the year.  Operator Thank you. And our final question today will come from Steve Strycula with UBS.
Steve Strycula: Hi. Good morning and welcome Miguel. A very short opening question then a little bit more of a strategic one. So the short question would be, as you think about the strategic review, when should the investment community as a whole kind of expect to receive the output of the notification? And then from a strategic standpoint, wanted to understand, given your experience at ABI, a different industry, what are some of the similarities and dissimilarities relative to Krafts portfolio that you observed? And how that ultimately impact call it the earnings power of the company? I recognize your private label is low in that industry, but how does that kind of shape your view with the current portfolio they're working with? Thank you.
Miguel Patricio: Okay, Steve, look, we'll update you through the rest of the year on how strategic work is going. But it's our intention to share with our Board at the end of the year, and then sharing with you at the beginning of next year.  Now talking a little bit about my experience with food -- well with beer and how this has -- can be adapted to food, I think there are a lot of similarities, but there a lot of differences as well. And I think this has been actually pretty good, arriving here with fresh eyes and asking questions that some were obvious, but people were not asking themselves for a long time. Some were not obvious and they have not been asked about it before. And so this has been positive. I think that my experience in the past both from leading global brands at ABI and using premiumization are the ways to grow top-line was very interesting. When I was Head of Marketing, ABI had been growing substantially because of mix, because of premium brands. And I think actually this is an opportunity for the industry. That is a bit of premiumization going on. But the premiumization actually is coming much more from the small players not from the big players. But let me share with you another experience from my past that I think we can adapt here at Kraft Heinz. I ran our business in Asia, and China has been the best story of organic growth for ABI. And the reason why we succeeded was because we understood the future of business in China better than anybody else. And we understood that economic growth would bring huge premiumization, wealth, the channels will change -- channel would grow immensely. And so we made all the best in the future. We made all the best in what would grow, not what was big necessarily. And that happened. And making that parallel with Kraft Heinz, I think it is critical for us. Yes, we need to navigate through the present but we need to build a strategy for the future. We need to find where this business is going to grow, where food is going to grow and be ahead of everybody else.  In terms of China we understood that much even than the local brewers. We understood China better than them. And I think that -- again this is why I was talking about the future before. If we understand the future and we believe the future we're going to win and the ones that will not understand will just follow. And I really want to be in the first group not in the second group.  So as I said before, there is big transformation in food, negative people would be afraid of that. Im an optimistic by nature and I believe that this transformation is an area of big opportunity, it is the one that will understand the future, are the ones that are going to win and will be those.  Well this was the last question. I just would like to finish just by saying a couple of words maybe summarizing of little bit of what we talked during this call. I wanted to tell you or to report how excited and how delighted I am with the opportunity to take Kraft Heinz to the next level. Im, the way that you are, disappointed with the first half results. But Im determined to rebuild our business momentum. I have our Board support and not only support and expectation to have a new direction and move forward. And for me there are no sacred cows, no preconceived ideas, just fresh eyes and just thinking about what is best for our great company. I know theres a lot of headwinds but I see also encouraging solid consumption trends that are very positive. But we must continue to work our portfolio, our strategy and in fact strategically to put ourselves in a position for top-line and bottom-line growth. We need to improve our speed. We need to become absolutely obsessed with the consumer and understand the future better than anybody else.  We need to pivot from a cost cutting mentality to a continuous improvement, efficiency focused. And we need to strengthen the balance sheet. That remains a priority.  So thank you very much for your time. Im delighted to be here with you today. I am really looking forward to knowing you personally and to be sharing our -- my views and to learning from you as well. Thank you very much. 
Chris Jakubik: Thanks, everyone for joining. For analysts who have follow up questions, Andy Larkin and myself will be available and for those in the media Michael Mullen will be available for you as well. So thank you very much and have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes the program. You may all disconnect and have a wonderful day.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-02-22 17:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day. My name is Chelsea, and I will be your operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to The Kraft Heinz Company's Fourth Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. I will now turn the call over to Chris Jakubik, Head of Global Investor Relations. Mr. Jakubik, you may begin.
Christopher Jakubik: Hello, everyone, and thanks for joining our business update. We'll start today's call with an overview of our fourth quarter and full year results as well as our view on the path forward from Bernardo Hees, our CEO; and David Knopf, our CFO. After that, Paulo Basilio, President of our U.S. zone, will join us for the Q&A session. Please note that during our remarks today, we will make some forward-looking statements that are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties, and these are discussed in our press release and our filings with the SEC. We will also discuss some non-GAAP financial measures during the call today. These non-GAAP measures should not be considered a replacement for and should be read together with GAAP results. You can find the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our earnings release and at the end of the slide presentation available on our website. Lastly, as you may have seen in today's press release, we conducted an internal investigation into our procurement area with the assistance of external legal and accounting advisers and found we should have recorded $25 million in prior periods, which we booked in Q4 2018. To be clear, we do not expect this to be material to our current period or any prior period financial statements. Now let's turn to Slide 2 and I will hand it over to Bernardo.
Bernardo Hees: Thank you, Chris, and good afternoon, everyone. With the closing of one year and the start of a new one, I think it's best to begin our update today similar to how we do things internally, with a scorecard, to better understand where we delivered, where we did not and why.  At this time last year, we set plans to drive profitable sales and consumption growth by investing in deployment of new capabilities and a strong pipeline of innovation and white space initiatives. And while we expected this to translate into near-term margin pressure in United States and Rest of the World segments, we anticipated stronger net savings to deliver constant currency EBITDA growth for the year. Overall, we successfully drove profitable sales and consumption growth accelerated, but we fell short in delivering the net savings we expect. From a commercial perspective, we firmly restarted organic growth. In United States, our second half performance came back to offset the self-inflicted losses from the first half of the year. We became one of the few within our industry posting real volume-driven growth, growing volume/mix nearly 4%. In Canada, similar to United States, we ended the year with positive consumption growth from improvements in coffee and cheese. Our EMEA business build momentum on the back of white space gains in condiments and encouraging share trends across our U.K. base. In Rest of the World, we are gaining traction in driving real growth with the startup of our new sauces plant in Brazil, and our Cerebos acquisition in Australia and New Zealand. In our Foodservice business, on a global basis, is approaching $4 billion in sales and gaining momentum from white space initiatives in all markets. And this leads to the second aspect of our scorecard, the significant progress we made developing and deploying strategically advanced capabilities. We had strong returns on investment in marketing, category management and e-store sales. We continue to expand in e-commerce and reach, driving 79% channel growth in United States alone, and a 1/10 market share index versus traditional retail. In this setup, springboard and Evolv Ventures as platforms to accelerate our innovation to consumers, to customers and find new ways to disrupt ourselves. So when you think about the sustainability of our growth, breakthrough innovation, strong in-store activity, distribution gain and white space expansion are all coming together. In fact, our consumption turnaround in United States has been driven by brand-building initiatives across the portfolio, not just a few categories. We are sustaining momentum in brands where we have been successful like Heinz, Philadelphia, Oscar Mayer bacon, Classico, Kraft and our frozen and snack categories at large, all growing mid-single digits in 2018. Turning around other key brands like Kraft Mac & Cheese, Oscar Mayer hotdogs to name one to low single-digit growth after several years of decline. Stabilizing historically challenged brands like Kraft salad dressing, mayo and our kids single-serve beverage business after years of mid-single-digit declines. And building new brands into meaningful platforms for growth, like P3, which now $120 million platform; Devour, a $7 million brand in less than 3 years; and Just Crack an Egg at $50 million after only 12 months. While some of this was supported by incremental promotion and price investments to improve consumption and distribution trends, we saw strong LOIs and created a solid base of support and commercial momentum for 2019.  Where we fell short in 2018 was operations. Specifically, our entire EBITDA miss was driven by net savings versus expectations within our United States supply chain. To be fair, we must first recognize that our team operate at industry-leading levels globally; in quality, with top-tier performance in the industry; in safety, with our best results ever; and in customer service, achieving industry-leading case through rates and all-time in full delivery rates as we saw volumes ramp up.  The core cause of our shortfall in 2018 was forecasting the pace and magnitude of our savings curve in 2018, not merger-related synergies and not an increase in ZBB costs. In fact, ZBB delivered savings across all fixed-cost package outside of our commercial investments and helped to fund our initiative. To put our performance in context, we started 2018 expecting approximately 3% growth inflation, excluding key commodity costs, with savings programs expected to offset gross inflation. We ended the year with approximately 3% inflation, net of savings, specifically driven by higher supply chain costs and low operational savings in United States. There is no question we are disappointed that profitability did not ramp up with consumption gains as anticipated. We are overly optimistic on delivering savings that did not materialize by year-end. For that, we take full responsibility. And we have taken steps to ensure this does not happen again by touching planning process, procedures and organization structure. In the end, we see three takeaways from 2018: one, we are successfully driving sustainable consumption growth; two, we have the ability to deliver top-tier organic growth at industry-leading margins; and three, we need to better plan and execute our operational net savings initiatives. Before we outline the 2019 plans, David will provide more details on our 2018 financials.
David Knopf: Thank you, Bernardo, and hello, everyone. As we show on Slide 3, while our overall performance fell short of our expectations, the year-on-year drivers are straightforward. Consumption-driven growth, negatively impacted by cost inflation, net of savings in the U.S., with tax savings offsetting lower EBITDA, higher depreciation and interest expense. From a trend perspective, there are a few important details to highlight. On the top line, consumption-driven growth momentum continued to build through Q4. For total Kraft Heinz, Q4 volume/mix growth was 4%, with growth in every reporting segment, driven by innovation, marketing, white space and go-to-market investments and led by improved consumption in a vast majority of U.S. categories.  Total company Q4 pricing was down 160 basis points, including 80 basis points from key commodity pass-through in the U.S. Also note that the sequential decline in pricing versus Q3 was accentuated by a deceleration in contribution from price in our Rest of World segment. And regarding U.S. pricing trends, as Bernardo mentioned, we were happy with the returns and results on this front. To provide more context and adjust for program timing, it's useful to understand the key drivers of U.S. pricing from a second half perspective. U.S. pricing in the second half of 2018 was down 2.4 percentage points, with 1 point from passing through lower key commodity costs. So U.S. pricing, net of key commodity impacts, was down 1.4% in the second half. Out of this, 40 basis points of the decline was primarily related to defending our natural cheese business by closing price gaps to private label. The remaining 1 point was a combination of opportunistic price investments and support of our innovation pipeline to stimulate incremental consumption with good lift and solid returns. Looking forward and excluding the impact of key commodity pass-through, we do not expect pricing to be down in 2019, either in the U.S. or globally. Moving to EBITDA. We said on our last call that we expected our EBITDA growth rate to improve beginning in Q4. While this turned out directionally accurate, Q4 constant currency adjusted EBITDA was significantly below the expectations we previously outlined. As Bernardo mentioned, this was driven by shortfalls in the United States. To be more specific, while the one-off factors we outlined in Q3, by and large, fell away as expected, anticipated savings did not materialize, particularly in our procurement area and, to a lesser extent, we had higher-than-anticipated costs in both manufacturing and logistics. Taken together, top line trends and bottom line results lead us to the key factors we considered over the past few months in finalizing our 2019 plans outlined on Slide 4, and I'll hand it back to Bernardo to start it off.
Bernardo Hees: Now it's time for us to focus on the year ahead, what we see in front of us and how best to grow our business for the long term. Our industry has been and is likely to remain challenged on several front, continued fragmentation of consumer demand, a general lack of affordability to reinvest in brands, retail competition where assortment is likely to grow in importance and, finally, in the short term, ongoing cost inflation.  Given our savings shortfall and the high inflation we're seeing, we could focus on maintaining or expanding margins but risk forfeiting commercial growth and market share. By slowing our pace of innovation and channel development, focusing on marketing efficiency versus incremental marketing presence and compromising talent development at a critical time, we have not and we will not. We are choosing to focus on improving our long-term growth trajectory and returns by: driving consumption and market share; leveraging next-generation capabilities for brand and category advantage; and importantly, securing the right talent in areas critical to growth. In fact, in light of the industry backdrop, we have concluded that there is no better time for Kraft Heinz to improve our growth profile.  And looking forward, we have set 3 objectives for 2019: first, leverage our industry-leading margins to sustain our commercial momentum; second, more actively manage our portfolio; and third, strengthen our balance sheet as we continue to position Kraft Heinz for industry consolidation. I will cover our commercial growth initiatives, and David will outline our portfolio, capital restructure and financial expectations. By far, the biggest and the best thing you can do to build the long-term value of our portfolio is to capture sustainable commercial growth by building on the sales momentum from 2018. And we have the stronger global pipeline we ever had to go after incremental consumer demand. In the United States, we'll be launching a record level of innovation, improving base consumption, velocities and leveraging brands and go-to-market investments.  In Canada, the priority is reignite consumption in peanut butter as well as sauces and condiments. In Europe and Rest of the World markets, whitespace initiatives will focus on driving incremental sauces consumption and opening new geographies. And in Foodservice, all regions have significant opportunities to gain distribution and whitespace. We will support these initiatives with fully funded brand programs, taking advantage of our superior media efficiency or cost per impression, and increasing our media effectiveness, our sales lift per impression by deploying new creative tools in digital marketing. In a nutshell, we plan to go to market in 2019 with a stronger innovation pipeline than we ever had, backed by more marketing dollars while leveraging advantaged, category managed and go-to-market initiatives to win assortment and improve distribution across all channels, including e-commerce. And we plan to do this while we maintain industry-leading margins. Now let me turn back to David as the remaining objectives are a big part of his 2019 goals.
David Knopf: I'll start with our financial expectations going forward on Slide 6. Regarding top line, we are now well positioned to continue organic net sales growth, driven by incremental consumption gains. This will reflect volume/mix growth from innovation, distribution and whitespace initiatives and pricing actions that balance cost inflation and our market share objectives. On pricing, note that we exited 2018 at strong levels of merchandising support and distribution. And price gaps are currently in a better place, so we do not expect pricing to be a drag year-on-year for 2019 as a whole. In fact, our U.S. business recently announced list price increases that are scheduled to take effect late in Q1. From an organic growth perspective, in the very near term, Q1 is likely to decline versus the prior year due to unfavorable trade timing and a shift in Easter-related shipments to Q2 this year from Q1 last year, trade timing in Canada, comparisons with a very strong winter soup season in the U.K. and destocking in Asia Pacific. For the year, we are targeting positive organic net sales growth, with commercial gains partially offset by price elasticity. And on a nominal basis, a combination of currency headwinds and divestitures is likely to result in a 3 to 4-percentage-point headwind to net sales. Regarding profitability, we fully expect to maintain industry-leading margins. At the same time, we think it's prudent to begin the year by properly level-setting expectations. To do so, as a one-off for 2019, we are breaking with our established guidance practices and setting a range for expected adjusted EBITDA of $6.3 billion to $6.5 billion for this year. This includes: commercial gains offset by stepped-up support of marketing, innovation, e-commerce and people; another year of low to mid-single-digit percentage non-key commodity inflation, net of cost savings; as well as foreign exchange rates and the 2 divestitures already announced. In addition, we currently expect to begin 2019 with a first quarter that is likely to see a high-teens decline in adjusted EBITDA in percentage terms. We will be up against our toughest EBITDA comparisons for the year, particularly in light of our expected net inflation curve, stepped-up commercial spending levels and with pricing not taking effect until late Q1. Finally, at the EPS line, while we continue to believe that we can deliver top-tier growth, it will take hold from 2020 onwards. This is because in addition to our EBITDA outlook, 2019 will see approximately $0.25 of nonoperating headwinds versus 2018. This will come from a combination of several factors: $80 million of incremental depreciation expense; a roughly $120 million reduction in the other income line, mainly due to rising interest rates, increasing pension interest costs and less favorable market returns on planned assets assumed versus 2018; approximately $40 million of additional interest expense and a full year effective tax rate between 20% and 22%. Taken together, top line, EBITDA and EPS drivers, while we expect to take a step backwards in 2019, we remain confident in delivering consistent profit growth from 2020 onwards, driven by fully leveraging our advantage brands, cost structures and capabilities. The rest of our plan is focused on how we can take additional steps to improve our portfolio's growth trajectory, strengthen our balance sheet and position ourselves against inorganic opportunities. It starts with the potential for more active portfolio management, specifically through divestitures as a way to further improve our growth and returns as well as accelerate our deleveraging.  The recent transactions we have announced, Indian beverages and Canada Natural Cheese, provide a good template of precedent for additional actions to exit areas with no clear path to competitive advantage and sell assets with strong valuations with some earnings dilution. We have now dedicated more resources, adding experience with Carlos Piani fully focused on our portfolio management efforts. And as we're able to execute such actions, we will look to deleverage with the proceeds, which leads to our next objective, further strengthening our balance sheet. I think it's important to first recognize that we have the capacity to drive industry-leading cash generation along with industry-leading margins and expect to hold existing working capital and CapEx levels even as we drive the growth agenda we've outlined. In addition, given the industry backdrop and opportunities in front of us, we now see even greater strategic advantage in accelerating our deleveraging towards our ongoing 3x leverage target and strengthening the term structure of our debt. To do this, we're undertaking 2 specific actions: first, we intend to dedicate the divestiture proceeds from the sale of our India beverage and Canada Natural Cheese businesses to debt reduction. We also intend to do the same with proceeds from additional divestitures we are currently considering. Second, today, we're announcing a reduction in our quarterly dividend to $0.40 per share or $1.60 per year, down from a rate of $2.50 per year. This will not only provide us greater balance sheet flexibility, it will also establish a base dividend that we can grow consistent with EBITDA growth over time. And we are comfortable that this level of dividend can accommodate the 2 divestitures we have already announced as well as those we are currently considering. These initiatives will accelerate the strengthening of an already solid balance sheet with a fully funded pension plan and continue to position Kraft Heinz for industry consolidation.  Now I'll turn it back to Bernardo to close.
Bernardo Hees: Thank you, David. Before we take your questions, I think it's useful to put our progress to date, our plans and priorities as well as our expectations beyond 2019 into context. When we put Kraft Heinz together in mid-2015, our focus through 2017 was clarity on necessary product renovation and supply chain integration, taking out costs that drops no benefit to our consumers, establishing retool and routines, and testing and learning new tools to adapt to a rapidly changing environment. Beginning in 2018 and into 2019, we'll focus on leveraging our industry-leading margins to establish key growth pillars through innovation and whitespace expansion, accelerate the global deployment of advantage capabilities across all channels and geographies and now more actively managing our portfolio for better growth and returns. From 2020, we expect to see growth on both the top and bottom lines, as the full leverage of our advantage brands, cost structure and investments flows to the P&L. So to summarize, we have continued to invest and focus on building our highly scalable operational model, to position ourselves for sustainable organic growth and returns and doing so at the time when the need for industry to modernize and consolidate is more evident than it was 5 or even 3 years ago. Now we will be happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And our first question will come from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays.
Andrew Lazar: I guess, I'll kick it off with you mentioned, I think, David, that you thought that there was an opportunity for greater strategic advantage, I think, were the words you used for greater divestiture activity today than previously. I was hoping to get a little more clarity on what you mean by that. Is it a matter of just simply strengthening the balance sheet because you see more opportunities for more transformational deals now than you did before? Is it that valuation opportunities on those potential assets for sale are greater than maybe what you would have expected previously? I'm trying to get a better handle on that.
Bernardo Hees: Andrew, it's Bernardo, let me take this part of the question. I think we're seeing a large [indiscernible] in the industry. And we are going through commercially a good momentum, right, with acceleration in consumption, in share gains, in volumes, right? Also true that you're coming out of the integration, we know more about the categories and the competitive advantage of each one of our brands than ever before. So with that in mind, our decision here was to execute the strategy on deleveraging faster so we can better position the company for future consolidation, right? As usual, we reward more things than we're actually doing. But as we did in the second half of last year, we did divestiture of India Beverage and the Canadian Natural Cheese business. I think the good framework for the things we're looking today, and that's exactly the point you are right now.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane with Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane: I guess, two questions, or two points, I guess, related to the, I guess, the build from -- through -- from the end of '18 through getting back to growth in 2020. One is just how much incremental investment is contemplated in your 2019 plan? So how much more are you spending in addition of -- in terms of what you stepped up in 2018? And then, second, the visibility in your business has not been very good. I think we've experienced that here in the second half. So I think it would be really helpful if you could provide a little bit more color in terms of sort of how you see a bridge to actually getting to some growth in 2020.
David Knopf: Bryan, thanks for the question. This is David. So let me step back for a second and I can break down our 2019 outlook a bit more and get a sense for our EBITDA expectations year-over-year. So overall, we expect gains from consumption growth to be in line with the stepped-up spending behind our initiatives. So really, the main drivers for the expected EBITDA decline year-over-year are a few factors: first, the net inflation that we talked about that we expect to see again in 2019; the divestitures I talked about; FX; and to a lesser extent, variable compensation. So to be more specific, if you assume the midpoint of our range or a roughly $700 million decline year-over-year, let me elaborate on the four main drivers behind that. So first off, on the commercial side, again, we should be neutral on the bottom line as we expect the positive contribution from further consumption gains to be in line with the stepped-up investments as we accelerate the pace of our innovation, base business performance and channel development; second, beyond that, roughly half of the total EBITDA decline or roughly $300 million to $400 million is driven by continued inflation, net of cost savings, in the low to mid-single-digit range, consistent with what we saw in 2018. So this will be driven by another year of mid-single-digit growth -- low to mid-single-digit growth inflation, excluding key commodities. And given the recent experience, actions we've taken to replan the savings and pushing out the savings curve. Third, we expect the combination of foreign exchange headwinds and the divestitures we've already announced, that should drive another $250 million headwind to adjusted EBITDA versus 2018. And then, finally, we have an impact from variable compensation, which is another roughly $80 million year-over-year. So taken together, this will put us where we still have the highest margin in the industry, and we believe that is the right base to build from. So to elaborate more on why we're confident even with the miss in expectations that we saw in Q4 and the decline in EBITDA that we're seeing in 2019, let me elaborate a little bit on why we're so confident in 2020. First, on the top line, we should be very well positioned for solid organic growth globally, okay? We're already seeing real consumption-driven growth in the U.S. and globally today that we're able to create in the second half of 2018. And in 2019, we expect to further improve our consumption rate behind the largest innovation pipeline that we've ever had and more support on the core business. And we have a rapidly growing international business with significant exposure to emerging markets and whitespace opportunities to accelerate that growth globally. At EBITDA, in 2019, we are spending ahead to support an even larger innovation pipeline that I mentioned and accelerating channel development, particularly in e-commerce. So the right spending in commercial support levels, capabilities and marketing will have been established this year in 2019. And then, on the cost side, the extraordinary inflation that we're seeing in 2018 and that we're now seeing in 2019 from things like tariffs and transportation should mitigate over time as we're starting to see in the spot markets today. And we're also confident that we will be able to -- we'll be in a much stronger position to manage those costs through pricing and our savings curve going forward in 2020. And finally, at EPS, our nonoperating below-the-line cost that I talked about should be at run rate levels, so that we can leverage the organic growth into both EBITDA and EPS growth 2020 going forward.
Bernardo Hees: Bryan, just to add to what David just said to the numbers, we're seeing a strong consumption-driven growth in our business today that we plan to accelerate. And the base we're assessing for 2019 get us to the right metrics and KPIs in all our key investments, marketing, innovation, supply chain, channels, digital. So with that base, we are very confident as we grow the business in 2019 and '20, that EPS and EBITDA grows together with that perspective.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ken Zaslow with BMO.
Kenneth Zaslow: I have one question. What are the key changes that will take place to change the planning and execution of the savings so we can become more -- so they can become more reliable and kind of put it into a better action? Are they going to be management changes? Is it going to be a change to the methodology? Oversight? Can you talk about that?
David Knopf: Ken, thanks for the question, this is David. So again, let me step back for a second and kind of walk through our Q4 performance versus our original expectations to provide a little more context, and then I'll hand it over to Bernardo to provide a little more color on what we're doing differently to make sure this doesn't happen. On the Q3 call, we did expect Q4 EBITDA growth to improve sequentially, as I talked about, versus the 14% year-over-year decline we saw in Q3, okay? And that assumption was based off of the fact that we expect the transitory headwinds and one-offs in Q3 that would fall away, which would effectively bring our run rate growth to more of a high single-digit decline year-over-year. And then, on top of that, we expected savings to accelerate, leading to a significant sequential improvement from Q3 to Q4. Obviously, in the end, the transitory one-off factors did fall away as expected, but we had 3 negative impacts in the quarter that we didn't expect: first, we had roughly a 3.5 percentage point impact of unanticipated cost headwinds, which I can explain further; second, we didn't have the anticipated savings curve that we expected to materialize in the quarter to partially offset the inflation we're seeing; and then, finally, we did have an incremental FX drag of about 1.5 percentage points in Q4 versus Q3. So given all these factors, the year-on-year decline in Q4 is much closer than Q3, and we didn't see the sequential improvement. With that, I'll hand it over to Bernardo to answer your other question.
Bernardo Hees: Ken, I think it's a very fair point, and even though we're disappointed with the miss, that's pretty much focused, like David said, in the supply chain operations in United States. We did took several actions to not allow this to happen again, right? Actions in the planning process, in organization structure and position ourselves to make sure our savings curve really match, right, the timing and the effectiveness for the year. So even though we understand the reasons of the miss, and we saw in the Q4, higher cost and more volumes coming through the pipe. And we could not offset to timing of our savings curve, we did took actions, process, planning and structure to not repeat that again.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley.
Dara Mohsenian: First, just for clarification, can you provide a bit more detail on the circumstances behind the SEC subpoena on the procurement side? It sounds like it originated externally as opposed to finding something internally. So just curious for the circumstances there. And then, on the pricing front, you mentioned increases in the U.S. by the end of Q1. Can you give us a rough idea of what percentage of your business that represents? And given we've seen the price gap move up versus private label in a lot of your key product categories in the U.S. over the last few years, do you think there might need to be a broader reset of price gaps at some point, particularly with the market share momentum we're seeing at private label?
David Knopf: This is David. Thanks for the question. So I'll answer the first part of your question and then hand it over to Paulo to U.S -- pricing in the U.S. So the company was notified by the SEC regarding an investigation into the company's procurement area. Following this, we conducted a very thorough internal investigation with the support of an independent law firm and accounting firm. And we determined that we should have recorded $25 million in prior periods, which we booked in Q4 2018. And to put into context, that compares to our overall procurement spend of over $11 billion, which excludes big 4 commodities spend. So this misstatement was not material to our current or prior year financial statements. And finally, we did implement several improvements to internal controls and took remedial measures to mitigate the likelihood that this happens again. So with that, I'll hand it over to Paulo to address pricing.
Paulo Basilio: Thanks, Dave. Let me start from the -- answering the private label question and then we move to the 2019 pricing. Why we're seeing the private label expanding and it's doing so at a more -- we are seeing this happening at a more restrained pace, around 0.2 points of share in Q4. It was a material step down from previous quarters that we're seeing. And we are seeing the most pressure in areas where low commodities, excess capacity and retail competition come together, mostly now in some subsegments of our cheese portfolio. In natural cheese, we see also the retailers have used price matching to drive traffic, and being able to invest back, that was part of our price investment we've had in the second half to narrow the price gaps. And after that, we saw branded and private label share starting to stabilize. So again, we're always monitoring the value proposition of the market and continue to innovate and differentiate our brands and products on that matter. When you think about 2019 pricing, we already have announced our pricing. We did an analysis in terms of to define the right part of the portfolio that we are pricing, being very conscious about the balance between sales and cost while still providing the best value equation and helping to drive category growth. And we are seeing, we already announced, this thing is going to take effect in Q1. And we expect overall -- our overall pricing to turn positive over the course of '19.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ken Goldman with JPMorgan.
Kenneth Goldman: Bernardo, as you know, one of the bare thesis over the years on the 3G philosophy has been that, I guess, the intense cost-saving efforts will, over the long run, sort of erode brand equities. And I realize you've had a better top line lately, but one could argue, it took a $300 million spending infusion to get there. And I think, more importantly, you took a $15 billion write-down on 2 of your biggest brands, Kraft and Oscar Mayer. And to me, that literally means the brand equities there aren't what they used to be. So when investors are looking at the consistent financial disappointments at Kraft, maybe even bringing the eye into the discussion. And if they ask why -- if the 3G belt-tightening strategy goes too far and if it damages brands, is there at least some evidence starting to point to yes there? I'm just curious for your thoughts on that.
Bernardo Hees: Ken, let David talk about the impairment here that you just mentioned. Then I come back here to talk about the model that what is implicit in your question here. Thanks for that. David, can you start?
David Knopf: Thanks, Bernardo. So in terms of the impairment, the write-down was primarily reflected -- it reflected revised margin expectations and this was for really 3 businesses of ours: first, the Kraft natural cheese business; second, our Oscar Mayer cold cuts business, where we've talked about issues that we had in the first part of the year; and then, third, our Canada retail business. And really, the fundamental driver behind the reduction in expectations was driven by our second half performance, okay, which was primarily driven by supply chain issues that we had in the cost side as you know. And then, just to provide a little more context, since the merger, we've also seen significant pressure on valuations from a higher discount rate come into play, which has partially offset albeit by factions but that's really the context around the impairment. And I'll hand over to Bernardo to answer the rest of your question.
Bernardo Hees: Ken, look, we still believe strongly that our model is working and has a lot of potential for the future, right? First, let's remember, we continue to be rated with leading industry margins, right? And now, we are growing, right, at the same level as the top-tier companies within similar portfolio, right? So that's very important to put in perspective. Second, the miss we had, and we're acknowledging here properly, has been focused on operations, supply chain, United States. The commercial momentum -- consumption growth continue to accelerate rightly so. With the investments that we're doing since 2018, now 2019. We can say we have the right base to be growing, through consumption, volumes and share, at the same time, maintaining high leading margins to the industry. Into 2020, like David highlights to their alternate numbers, right, we do believe to that base, we are going to be in a very solid position to be growing top line and bottom line. Not only that, we are working more actively the portfolio. And now, with the reduction of the dividend, allows us to have more flexibility in our balance sheet to really deleverage faster and position ourselves to more consolidation in the future that we believe is necessary and will happen with that model. And so we are confident in the things we're doing, even though we acknowledge, we did have the miss in the fourth quarter, like highlighted by David.
Kenneth Goldman: Can I ask you a very quick follow-up? David and Bernardo, thank you for that, that's helpful. David, I think you mentioned that it was more of a short-term, like the last couple of quarter issue with the 2 brand and maybe discount rates have risen. The companies generally don't take write-downs because recent performance was bad and because discount rates have risen. Isn't there something broader and longer term that usually leads to these kind of impairments?
David Knopf: Yes, that's a great question and thanks for that. Just to be clear, by far and away, the majority of the impairment, which was really concentrated in these 3 businesses that I mentioned, it was, by far and away, driven by the second half performance and the new level of margin and profitability that we're talking about versus what it was before. So the margin profile and what we established in the second half was really the key driver behind the impairment.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of David Driscoll with Citi.
David Driscoll: I just had a couple of questions, but I think they're reasonably short. Can you give us some sense of the size of the assets that you wish to sell that haven't been announced? And would it be something like on the magnitude of 5% of the revenue base? And then, I had a question about the savings programs. I think you made a statement, David, in your script that in the forecast, the savings programs had been "pushed out." So I'm a little confused as to kind of why that's happening and why can't you achieve the internal savings at the same time that you're generating the revenue performance? And then, related to that, if you didn't hit the savings that you expected in the fourth quarter, don't those savings programs show up in like the first quarter of '19 or second quarter of '19? I mean, I don't think there's -- they shouldn't disappear but it feels like, within the guidance, that they did, and I just maybe don't understand what's happened right there.
Bernardo Hees: David, it's Bernardo. Let me drive the first part of the question. We're not discussing here size or our soul. What you're saying is that we will work our portfolio to strengthen our balance sheet as we're doing the dividend to have more flexibility for future consolidation as we see it. As David said, our objective is to deleverage, right, to 3x in the middle term at a faster pace than we're doing today. With that, and the knowledge you have of the portfolio today, with our competitive advantage by brands and category, allows us to be in a very good position to understand the magnitude that what we can do or we cannot do. I don't want to elaborate more than we are doing right now. With that, David, can you open again the '18 and '19 to clarify here to David?
David Knopf: David, this is David. Thanks for the question. So on the savings side, we were overly optimistic on our ability to offset significant inflation in the quarter. And again, that drove a significant part of the miss. So this savings miss was really a combination of 2 things, under-delivery from supplier negotiations and delayed manufacturing projects. And to give you a little bit of color on what some of those projects were like, they included line optimizations, yield improvements and assumed even better performance on some of our footprint plans that we discussed previously. So because of this miss, as Bernardo said, we took significant action to address our processes, planning and structure internally and simultaneously have spent a lot of time and focus really revisiting our savings projects and we replanned. As a function of that, our savings curve is being pushed out as we implement those changes, as we revisit our savings programs going forward. So that's really what's driving the delay in the savings curve, and that's embedded in my 2019 expectations.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Jason English: Your guidance for next year suggests that the majority of the synergies you realized on consolidating Heinz and Kraft will have effectively been wiped out. In that context, I'd love to hear your thought process or rationale on continuing to pursue a strategy of consolidation. Where do you see the value creation coming from? This would certainly suggest that maybe there's not as much opportunity as some of us maybe once envisioned.
David Knopf: Thanks for the question. This is David. So since the merger, EBITDA has been held back by more than $1 billion versus what we had really kind of set out for. And within that, we had nearly $0.5 billion of costs that we put back into the business, okay? These are costs that are different and independent from the cost that we took out in the integration, right? So most of the synergies and the integration savings that we captured were nonconsumer, noncommercial-related cost savings, okay? So the synergies that we realized are very much intact. The costs that we put in are squarely within different areas, and we're putting costs in that are consumer-facing and drive commercial growth, okay? So these are things like expanding our innovation pipeline, our go-to-market infrastructure in the U.S. and international, our digital and e-commerce capabilities. And while there's a significant amount of investment we put behind us, we are starting to see the returns, which is why we're growing in the second half. On top of that, we also had significant amount of FX headwinds that also affected our sales and EBITDA trajectory. And then, finally, the inflation and the inability to executing it to the saving curves as we talked about that. With that, I'll hand it over to Bernardo to address it as well.
Bernardo Hees: Jason, I actually was -- as Dave said, the investments we're doing and the things we're doing are not correlated to the savings we got to the merger. That is still here, and we are guiding more as the year goes. I actually would say the opposite. I think we are more prepared in the capabilities and we're more ready for industry consolidation to better performance in the future than we were 2, 3 or 5 years ago. To that sense, I think we're having more firepower with a better balance sheet profile is important.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Lavery with Piper Jaffray.
Michael Lavery: Just wanted to understand, you mentioned your -- that you should be measured on organic growth, and that hasn't come through the way I think people might have expected. But I think there's been forgiveness around that because you are deal guys and [Technical Difficulty] about the outlook.
Christopher Jakubik: Michael, I'm sorry, you faded a bit there. We didn't quite hear the...
Michael Lavery: Deal-driven but...
Christopher Jakubik: Michael, could you repeat the question? You kind of faded there a little bit.
Michael Lavery: Yes. Sorry. No problem. You've said a couple of years ago that you should be measured on organic growth for your business, and that obviously has had some struggles. You're also known as deal guys but we haven't seen a deal yet either. Can you just help us understand why somebody should be excited about the prospects from here? Is it a deal that you know you can get done? Is it organic growth or is it a combination?
Bernardo Hees: Lavery, it's Bernardo again. Look, I think, if you see the second half performance of our commercial initiatives and returns of our investment, it's going to see a very positive scenario in that sense, right? We're having volumes, consumption and market share gains in the vast majority of our categories. Even categories that have been declining for quite some time are seeing a momentum, right? And we do know there is more to come. Not only that, even with the miss of the fourth quarter, we continue to operate at industry-leading margins, and we think the 2019 base that David just highlight is a base we can grow sales and EBITDA going forward. With the actions we're taking on dividend and the work we're doing in portfolio, it remains to be successful and we are confident we can be. We will have a balance sheet that's more flexible and more prepared for future consolidation. So in that sense, I think the commercial momentum is happening. In that sense, I think even with the miss in U.S. operations, we still have the base of the margin here that allows us from this base to build 2020 and beyond and the balance sheet flexibility for future consolidation for us to be a consolidator if the industry goes our way.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rob Moskow with Crdit Suisse.
Robert Moskow: Bernardo, I had a question about the supply chain. It was a -- you had very poor order fill rates. I think, a year or 2 ago, you had issues in frozen potatoes, you had issues with sliced lunchmeat. And now, this year, we're having more supply chain issues. And the commentary that there's some cost savings going on in the supply chain, I'm still, I guess, uncomfortable with it because it indicates that maybe you need to try to make it more efficient. It sounds like you need a bigger investment in the supply chain. Maybe you need to expand the footprint, increase flexibility and increase capabilities. Is there going to be a big dollar investment in people and in the footprint that's necessary as part of this rebase?
Bernardo Hees: Thanks, Rob, for the question. No, actually, I think it's important to understand what did not happen in the fourth quarter was this ramp-up of the savings, right? We are in the same level as the third quarter. And actually, let me put perspective a little bit to what you said. We came into 2018 as one of the best service provider in the industry. Our own time in food tends to raise. Like we said in the original highlight is really now at top quartile worldwide. So in that sense, the whole investment in footprint, right, capacity and service is already behind us. Do we have more -- we always have things to do and improve, but to the day that you're asking, it's actually the opposite. We did believe there was more saved timing on the savings curve, and that for that, we're taking full responsibility, did not materialize, and they will come to life in 2019, '20 and beyond. But there is no bigger investment in supply chain, to your point because I'm operating better or in the same level of the third quarter, with one of the best service in United States today. With that said, let me pass over to Paulo to detail the supply chain cost here in United States.
Paulo Basilio: Rob, this is Paulo. So no, I just want to reaffirm here what Bernardo is saying that 2018 was a great year for our supply chain in terms of service. Think about the 4 pillars of supply chain: quality; safety; service; and cost. It's completely fair to say that our supply chain delivered very well 3 of the 4 pillars: quality; safety; and a great service to support the strong volume that we had in the year. In cost, we all -- throughout the year, we're not able to deliver the additional savings we're expecting, and we are not having more inflation also -- we're also expecting at the end of the year.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Chris Growe with Stifel.
Christopher Growe: I have two questions for you. A real quick one would be just to be clear on the $250 million of EBITDA pressure from divestitures. Does that include -- incorporate what's already happened or would also could happen going forward? And if I could just ask a second question in relation to a comment you make in the release about your return on investment being strong in the fourth quarter and the year. Obviously, if you measure that based on market share or even top line growth, that's a fair comment. But the degree of profit that it took to achieve that growth is quite significant and I think would really weigh on that overall calculation of that return on investment. So I just want to get a better sense of how you're measuring your return on investment as you call it and how do we think about that going forward, given the extreme cost in this quarter?
David Knopf: Chris, this is David. Thanks for the question. So I'll answer the first part and then hand it over to Paulo to address your second. So the $250 million you mentioned, approximately $70 million of that is related to the divestitures that we've made to date, okay? And then, the remaining amount is really the FX headwinds that we're seeing in some of our international markets. So this does not include any future divestitures that we're considering. It only includes the divestitures that we've executed to date, the two deals that Bernardo mentioned earlier.
Paulo Basilio: So I'm going to talk a little bit about the pricing and the return on the pricing investment that we had here. If you consider -- you think about our second half as a whole, okay, and you consider that, actually we invested 1% in price when you exclude the impact from commodity, and the 0.4% that we invested specifically to close the gaps in the natural cheese, and you see the performance in volume that we had growing almost 4%, I think it's clear to see that even though this was only -- was not the only lever of the volume improvement, you can see that we have a very strong return on this particular investment. But also it is important to say that our volume improvement was also supported with a much better service level, as we're talking, strong innovation launches, renovation and additional brand and channel support besides the high level of in-store activity and promotions that we're discussing here.
Operator: And this concludes today's question-and-answer session. I'd now like to turn the call back to Mr. Chris Jakubik for closing remarks.
Christopher Jakubik: Thank you, everybody, for joining us this evening. For analysts that have follow-up questions, myself and Andy Larkin will be available for follow-ups all evening and until tomorrow. And for those in the media with follow-ups, Michael Mullen will be available to take your calls. Thanks very much, and have a great evening.
Bernardo Hees: Thank you, all.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes the program. You may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-11-02 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Christopher M. Jakubik - The Kraft Heinz Co. Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co. David H. Knopf - The Kraft Heinz Co. Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - The Kraft Heinz Co.
Analysts: Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Steven Strycula - UBS Securities LLC Dara W. Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc. David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Akshay Jagdale - Jefferies LLC Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.
Operator: Good day. My name is Latif, and I will be your operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to The Kraft Heinz Company's Third Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. I will now turn the call over to Chris Jakubik, Head of Global Investor Relations. Mr. Jakubik, you may begin.
Christopher M. Jakubik - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hello, everyone, and thanks for joining our business update. We'll start today's call with an overview of our third quarter and nine months results as well as our view on the path forward from Bernardo Hees, our CEO; and David Knopf, our Chief Financial Officer. Then, Paulo Basilio, President of our U.S. Zone, will join the rest of us for the Q&A session. Please note that during our remarks today, we will make some forward-looking statements that are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties, and these are discussed in our press release and our filings with the SEC. We'll also discuss some non-GAAP financial measures during the call today. These non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered a replacement for and should be read together with GAAP results. And you can find the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our earnings release and at the end of the slide presentation available on our website. Now let's turn to slide 2, and I'll hand it over to Bernardo.
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Thank you, Chris, and good afternoon, everyone. Three months ago, we said that we expected organic growth from Q3 onwards, driven by a stronger more incremental marketing and innovation pipeline, leveraging investments in category management and go-to-market capabilities and supported by incremental merchandising spend and best-in-class customer service. Today, we believe and are confident our Q3 results show that the turnaround of our top line performance is firmly underway, not just in terms of headline organic growth, but also real volume growth. The transitory factors that negatively impacted first half sales are fading as expected and we saw further improvement in consumption trends in most countries, in most key categories. In fact on a global basis, more than half of our categories saw consumption growth in Q3. In our categories in United States, are going to a trend bend, with aggregate consumption across our categories, improving nearly 2 percentage points in Q3 versus Q2. Excluding planters club entity, they are flipping from negative to positive. Our market shares are also improving. Across the total company, Kraft Heinz is holding or growing share in more than half of our categories, including very strong market share gains in our Rest of World markets. And finally, we continue to see solid performance in non-measured channels, including e-commerce and global foodservice. Breakthrough innovation and strong in-store activity, distribution gains and whitespace expansion are coming together. Overall, while we did provide solid end market support for these activities and pricing in Q3 was down versus the prior year, it's important to note that our commercial growth is positive. Commercial profitability or the profit contribution from price, volume and mix is positive and growing. Execution is improving, and our pipeline is getting stronger, both in terms of innovation and go-to-market initiatives. At the same time, third quarter profitability was held back by several one-off factors, including commercial investments, the unfavorable impacts of bonus accrual versus 2017 and supply chain inflation as we expected, but also, by our decision to prioritize customer service as you saw volumes ramp-up and for goals, some degree of profitability in the short term. In the end, we are confident pushing commercial growth higher, given the greater visibility we have on both retailer support and consumer interest in our programming as well as below-the-line for favorability from both tax and lower-than-expected interest expenses that we see coming through. And as David will discuss, we are equally confident that profitability will improve going forward, as one-off negative factors from Q3 fall away. But before I hand it over to David, I think it's important to recognize that the commercial growth you're now seeing, and I believe that are in the path to sustainable, profitable growth, and driven by the fact that we are adapting the company with speed. And doing these two investments in both, our people and in-house capabilities. On the slide 3, we show this fixed goals from the post integration framework, we introduced early this year. During the third quarter, we continued to make good progress in each one of those areas. More important, the different investments and in-house capability we have built are now coming together for measurable, sustainable gains and making our brands more relevant than ever. For instance, look at our efforts in data driven marketing and brand building and innovation, we can see in United States that our ratio of quality impression to total impression is at 75%, significantly outpacing the industry average, (6:52) impression, I expect it to be up 9% in 2018 versus the prior year. And year-to-date, we have had $14.5 billion PR impressions versus $13.5 billion of all of 2017, all good numbers, but more powerful when you consider how these two areas come together to drive incremental gains. For instance, again in the United States, our PR campaigns to generate awareness for the launch of Heinz Mayo, not only lead to strong share gains in Mayo, but gave birth to a new product, Heinz Mayochup, which just landed of the shelves of American retailers and we will be going to the UK next. This summer, Country Time rally people to save lemonade stands contributing to the strong gains we're seeing in our beverage mix business. And now our renovate all natural Capri Sun line up is taking ongoing in-school cafeterias through the #SitTogether pledge. The data driven insights and in-house capability that drive these results are scalable and sharable across all categories and geographies. I mentioned on last call that you felt, that you had the strongest pipeline of activities in place. In our short history at Kraft Heinz and the numbers are starting to prove it. In a similar fashion, our efforts to reinvent category management by deploying tools like revenue management, assortment management and planograms are supporting and informing everything we do, as we expand go-to-market capabilities around the world. For instance, we have more than doubled our in-store head count in United States, now fully trained Kraft Heinz employees armed with insights from our category management tools are helping to drive faster product velocity. In areas, where we have greater in-store coverage we are seeing better performance in our key power windows, lower rates of out-of-stock merchandising and brand activation to display and shelving initiatives. This will help us push our total dollar velocities ahead of category average. And in both meals and sauces, our combination of powerhouse brands and optimize category management activities is driving dollar velocities 40% and 28% above their respective category average. And we have been able to push strong incremental gains with innovation like Just Crack an Egg, which in the third quarter had velocities that outperformed its entire category. The old (10:07) United States retail in foodservice, you are seeing the benefits from assortment management, as we look to expand distribution and drive incremental gains in each region of the world, while reducing complexity in our supply chain. And in the digital space, our year-to-date e-commerce sales in United States are up roughly 80%. We are capturing our fair share. And in many focused categories like snacks, nuts and condiments, we're significantly ahead of our fair share. That being said, we still see a long runway for global growth. The ability to further leverage our data-driven insight and category management knowledge and we're investing aggressively in the next generation of capabilities. These initiatives include deploying the next-generation of our Kraft recipes website, a cornerstone of our relationship marketing effort; building easy-to-use mobile technologies that learns about you and your family; recommends meal plans; and seamlessly connects you to grocers; and establishing a venture capital fund that can invest up to $100 million in emerging tech companies to further strengthen our business model. From a capability building perspective, these initiatives can improve our ability to engage consumers in an environment characterized by expanding retail channels and fast-changing shopping patterns. Finally, what make all of this come together is our effort to build best-in-class operations, as well as recruit, develop and align our people. In operations, we continue to deliver against industry-leading targets, we set for ourselves in quality, safety and customer service in all geographies where we operate. Cost is one area we are falling short this year. This is due to a combination of greater than expected cost inflation in United States, our desire to invest and protect customer service as we ramp-up volumes as well as (12:43) to delay some savings projects to avoid operational disruption. That said, we believe we have the right people, the right training and the right level of engagement to execute with excellency in all areas going forward. Specifically, our employees' recruiting remain strong with more than 85 candidates for each spot in our United States trainee and MBA program, and more than 400 candidates per spot internationally. And our vertical promotion ratios are up versus prior year showing meritocracy in action. To summarize, we feel good about our commercial performance, sales and profitability and our ability to sustain this positive momentum. We continue to build and deploy new capabilities and adapt with speed. And while we have seen and accepted more volatility in EBITDA in the near-term, we believe our investments will allow our brand to be there in a bigger way tomorrow. I will now hand it over to David to provide more color in our results and our path forward.
David H. Knopf - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Thank you, Bernardo and hello everyone. Turning to our results on slide 4. Total company organic net sales were up 2.6% in Q3, bringing year-to-date organic growth into positive territory. This was driven by 3.5 percentage points of volume/mix growth in Q3 and bringing volume/mix to essentially flat through the first nine months. Encouragingly, this performance was driven by volume/mix growth in every reporting segment and led by consumption growth in a majority of U.S. categories. Pricing was down 90 basis points in Q3, driven by increased promotional activity and key commodity-related pricing in the United States that more than offset higher pricing, mainly to offset local inflation and Rest of World markets. By segment, the U.S. had a strong volume/mix led quarter, characterized by consumption-led growth across the majority of categories. As expected, the change from positive first half pricing in the U.S. to lower pricing in Q3 was primarily driven by combination of three factors. One, lacking carryover pricing from last year; two, increase in-store activity to support our commercial pipeline, including higher year-over-year support in natural cheese and ready-to-drink beverages; and three, passing-through recent declines in some key commodities during the quarter, mainly bacon. In Canada, while we saw solid growth in Coffee and Mac & Cheese, sales were down as anticipated from a combination of select product discontinuations, higher promotional expenses in the current year as well as comparisons with prior year limited time condiments offers and activities that were not repeated. As we mentioned on our last call, however, we do expect a solid pipeline of activities to return Canada to growth in Q4. EMEA stayed in positive growth territory in Q3 as strong growth in Southern Europe and Germany, where we continue to grow the Kraft brands more than offset some one-off headwinds in Middle East. And in Russia, where we ran into destocking activity related to World Cup-related promotional products. That said, we expect EMEA to improve sequentially in Q4 as the headwinds in Middle East and Russia fall away. And in Rest of World, in addition to the strong contribution from pricing, we've seen all year, Latin America drove strong organic volume/mix gains from a combination of pasta sauce and condiments growth in Brazil as well as whitespace expansion across the region. And this more than offset lower shipments of canned seafood and cordials in Indonesia. Moving to EBITDA. Q3 adjusted EBITDA was in fact lower than expectations we had outlined in our previous earnings call, resulting in year-to-date adjusted EBITDA now being down 7.2% on a constant currency basis. We certainly benefited from organic net sales growth. And in fact, our commercial profitability with the profit contribution from volume/mix and pricing combined, was positive. Despite all the stepped up merchandising activity we carried out during the quarter. However, several factors that we do not expect to repeat negatively impacted both EBITDA growth and our absolute level of profitability in Q3. As expected and as we outlined in our previous call, year-on-year EBITDA growth was negatively impacted by a combination of the commercial investment programs we've talked about all year, the swing from overhead favorability last year to a more normal bonus incentive compensation accrual this year, and the non-key commodity inflation we've previously noted. In addition to that, our absolute level of profitability in Q3, was negatively impacted by three factors. The first was higher than expected one-off operating costs in the U.S. from our decision to prioritize customer service, delays some saving projects to avoid disruption and buy more spot market freight during the quarter than we otherwise would, in a normal course of business. Second, was the disproportionate impact from commercial investments, particularly marketing, as we stepped up our investment levels in the second half of the year. And third, were some unanticipated one-off supply chain costs mainly in the Middle East. Looking forward, we expect both EBITDA growth and our absolute level of EBITDA margin to improve beginning in Q4. Specifically, we expect to sustain our organic top line momentum, the one-off factors that drag Q3 EBITDA down should fall away. And on top of that, we expect to see a better year-on-year balance between cost inflation and savings. Finally, at adjusted EPS, we were down $0.05 versus Q3 last year as lower taxes on adjusted earnings in the current period mitigated part of the adjusted EBITDA decline. I would also add here that for the full-year in 2018, we now expect an effective tax rate of approximately 20% versus 21% previously. And incremental interest expense in 2018 should be roughly $70 million versus the $80 million, we previously outlined. Which leads to our outlook on slide 5. I'll start by reiterating what we said before that we believe the pipeline and capabilities are now in place for us to push a more aggressive growth agenda from innovation that drives incremental consumption, to distribution gains across channels and expanding our brands into geographic and category whitespace. We continue to believe we're in a strong position to deliver organic growth for the full-year and sustain that momentum into 2019. We also expect a much better balance of top and bottom line growth going forward. 2018 has clearly been a year where results have been more or less dominated by a number of transitory issues, on both the sales and cost sides of the equation, that we do not expect to repeat. At the same time, we've essentially accelerated what would have been three years of commercial investments into 2018, push commercial grow even harder than originally planned, given greater visibility over the likely success of our pipeline. And this was largely offset by tax savings. Going forward, we feel good about our ability to continue driving commercial growth and our ability to drive EBITDA dollar growth and industry-leading margins as one-off factors fall away and the contribution from our savings initiatives accelerate. To-close, I think it's worth repeating the thoughts that we've expressed all year, that we're developing capabilities to create brand and category advantage and achieve profitable growth that we're investing aggressively now in order to see benefits sooner, and that these are the key factors shaping our near-term results into 2018 and we believe will drive sustainable profitable growth into 2019 and beyond. We think our focus on EBITDA dollars and our returned based discipline in sales, marketing and innovation will lead us well positioned to deliver top-tier organic growth at industry-leading margins. We have good visibility on considerably better post-integration cash flow. We have and will continue to strengthen our balance sheet and credit standing through both de-risking and other activities such as divestitures of non-core assets when consistent with our strategic framework as we recently announced. And our ability to continue building brand and category advantage through differentiated capabilities will not only be a key enabler, but will make two plus two equal more than four in the event of a transformational deal. Now we'd be happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Ken Goldman of JPMorgan. Your question please.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Thank you so much. Wondering if you can help us quantify the magnitude of what you would consider one-time or non-recurring cost in the P&L. There is a lot different costs, there is a lot of different things that drag down your EBITDA this quarter. I think some of them like marketing probably don't go away, some of them like maybe the customer service issues maybe do go away. I'm just trying to get a sense of that, because it's difficult to maybe model ahead unless we have a better understanding of sort of what just happened.
David H. Knopf - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hi, Ken, this is David. Thanks for the question. So, as I break this down for you, I think the first thing to reiterate here is commercial profitability for Q3 or the profit contribution from vol/mix and pricing combined was positive, okay? Which is good considering all the growth initiatives and stepped up merchandising activity that we had in the quarter. So, we're very happy with that. Beyond that, there are really four main drivers of the year-over-year decline, many of which were one-off in nature. So first, we have the stepped up commercial investments that we previously outlined, with Q3, seeing the heaviest quarterly impact within the year. Second, you have the swing from overhead favorability we mentioned last year to more normal incentive compensation accrual this year, so that is one-off in nature. Third, we had additional cost inflation that we previously noted, however the impact was worse in Q3 from our decision to prioritize customer service, as our volumes ramped up through the quarter, which in turn led us to delay certain supply chain savings projects and also by more spot markets freight than we otherwise would have. So, a lot of those factors were in fact kind of one-off in nature for the quarter. On top of that, we had some unanticipated one-off supply chain costs that were mainly related to the transition of the Middle East business to our European business. All that to say, we're not going to provide precise numbers around it but we expect both EBITDA growth and our absolute level of profitability to improve significantly beginning in Q4 and into next year versus what we saw this year and in the first half.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And then can you  as a follow-up, just the prioritizing of customer service is a headwind, can you just walk us through what that means in practical terms? I'm not quite sure I understand in this case.
David H. Knopf - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Yeah, sure, Ken. This is David, again. So I'd say some of the savings projects that we anticipated for this year were very much variable cost in nature, so things like yield and variable labor. So  and this is versus fixed cost that we've captured over the last three or so years. So we decided to delay some of those productivity initiatives that we're executing across our factories. And this is really to ensure that there is no disruption as volumes ramped up in the quarter and ramped up more than, frankly, we had expected. On top of that, the additional volume that we didn't anticipate above and beyond what we planned for came at an additional cost and a lot of those costs are logistics or freight related.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane of Bank of America. Your question, please.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi. Good afternoon, everybody. Two questions from me. One is just a follow-up to Ken's question. I think on the last earnings call, the expectation was the EBITDA split for the year would be roughly 50-50, first half, second half. So given that we missed by, I don't know, about $100 million or so in the quarter. I guess the question is, is the split for the year now more like 49-51? Or is the split different? Just trying to get a sense for kind of where things stood relative to maybe where you're fourth quarter expectations were. And then I have a follow-up.
David H. Knopf - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hi, Bryan, thanks for the question. This is David, again. So as we said in the last call, as you pointed out, and as we said today, we do expect both EBITDA growth and our absolute level of EBITDA margin to improve in the back half and further improve in Q4. And this is based on the sustained organic top-line momentum that we're seeing, the one-off factors that I talked about that drag EBITDA this quarter which will fall away next quarter, and a better year-on-year balance between cost inflation and savings. Relative to your specific question that we talked for the last quarter, I think given the unexpected one-off factors in Q3 that we experienced, it may be difficult to get all the way back to the 50-50, first half, second half, (28:32) EBITDA that we targeted. But we should see a very good sequential improvement into Q4.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. So order of magnitude, it's around that $100 million sort of miss in the quarter is sort of the one-off piece that you may or may not be able to close the gap on?
David H. Knopf - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Yeah, I think around that range would be appropriate.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then just one other question in terms of asset sales. I guess the asset sale in India. is that sort of indicative of the larger sort of strategy of maybe potentially selling more assets down the road? Just some color or some context around that as well. Thanks.
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hi, Bryan. Hees (29:17) Bernardo. Look, we  like we always said, we like our portfolio. I think each brand has its role in its specific country and region. But we do evaluate every business and brand on its own and see the returns and what we can do with that, right? In the India case, I think it was very clear for us that we didn't have really the competitive advantage in the new market and the beverage portfolio we have in the country. It could not scale, right, for the level you wanted to. (29:55) And the value we're receiving from the proceeds are really higher than we could have been doing with the business. Like you said, I think there are other things to be considered within the portfolio in general. And we always evaluate very careful on a case-by-case situation. I think an important side effect of this is really the fact that we  obviously, with the proceeds, we're able to strengthen our balance sheet, right, and give us more firepower, especially in a moment where industry evaluations are more attractive, right? And that I think is a positive in this case.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steve Strycula of UBS. Your line is open.
Steven Strycula - UBS Securities LLC: Yeah. Hi. Thanks for the question. So similar to the previous two, I wanted to dig into the $100 million EBITDA miss that we saw in the quarter. At what point did you realize that things were tracking below plan? How did you react to it? And can you walk us through what of that $100 million actually washes away in the fourth quarter? And then I have a quick follow-up. Thank you.
David H. Knopf - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Sure, Steve. This is David, again. Thanks for the question. So we said that we expected Q3 adjusted EBITDA dollars to be down a greater order of magnitude than what we saw in the first half. So that gets you to more than $140 million at the start. So kind of two big factors in the quarter that took us lower than what we had originally expected. Again, we had a higher than expected one-off operating cost in the U.S. against a prioritized customer service. We delayed some of those savings projects to avoid disruptions. And we bought more on the freight market, which increased our logistics costs than we otherwise would have given the additional volume. And then on top of that, the unanticipated one-off supply chain costs. But again as I said, we expect both EBITDA growth and our absolute level of profitability to improve significantly into next quarter. But unfortunately, we're not going to provide any more specifics around the magnitude of that into Q4.
Steven Strycula - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. And given what you've seen right now, is there any reason to think that EBITDA dollar growth can't expand in calendar 2019? I know it's early to talk about 2019, but given the inconsistency of recent performance, I think, maybe investors deserve a little bit of clarity as to how confident you feel about the sustainability of what the trends you're seeing develop in the fourth quarter. And is the tax rate sustainable at 20%? Thank you.
David H. Knopf - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Sure, Steve. David, again here. Thanks for the question. So for 2019, we do expect a much better balance of top- and bottom-line growth going forward. In 2018, we've had a number of transitory issues that we don't expect to repeat. We really accelerated and pushed commercial growth harder given the greater visibility on the investments that we're driving and putting in the business. And then on top of that, the tax favorability which mitigated a number of these headwinds on the bottom-line. Going forward, we feel good about that balance for several reasons. Our ability to continue driving real volume/mix driven organic growth; our ability to drive EBITDA dollars and at industry-leading margins as one-off factors fall away and the contributions from our savings curve accelerate. And finally, I think our ability to build the brand and category advantages and capabilities that we've been talking about, the same thing will make two plus two greater than four in the event of a transformational deal. And then finally, with respect to your tax rate, I think we started the year a bit higher but based on further clarity on new tax laws, I think, we're really expecting to get to that 20% for the full year.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Dara Mohsenian of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Dara W. Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hey, guys. So I just want to focus on U.S. pricing. I understand that some of the decline was probably pass-through pricing, but I'm assuming you're still down ex that or at least not up substantially, which is surprising just given the level of gross margin pressure and EBITDA pressure we're seeing here at the corporate level. So just wanted to get your thoughts around what sort of drove the sequential deceleration in pricing? Obviously, a lot of your direct and even more so indirect peers in CPG land have been talking about taking more pricing recently given some of the margin pressures in this sector. So do you have plans to increase pricing going forward? And as you look at your price premiums in the categories you compete, given they moved up over the last few years, do you think you need adjustments in those price premiums? Or are you comfortable you can get more pricing going forward? Thanks.
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hi, Dara. This is Paulo. Thanks for the question. So when we think about the price and the profile we have in the quarter, it was really consistent with our expectations. The change from the positive pricing we had in the first half to a lower net pricing in the third quarter was primarily driven by three factors. The first one was we start lapping (35:45) the carryover pricing we had from prior year. Second, we pass through recent commodity declines, mainly in bacon. And given our strong innovation pipeline and portfolio position, we believe that was the right time to expand trial, consumption, and drive strong volume gains which we didn't (36:05). As David noted before, our commercial profitability or our profit contribution from pricing and vol/mix was solid. We believe that we have a very strong portfolio of brands with ability to price as we have been showing over the past several quarters as we've mentioned. And for your last point, and you look forward to the next year, for sure, price will be an important lever we will consider in managing our cost profile.
Dara W. Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. And then the comment on 2019 EBITDA, I just want to be clear. You talked about a better balance. Did you mean year-over-year growth in EBITDA in 2019, just to be clear? Or are we talking about sort of level of improvement relative to 2018? I just want to be precise there. Thank you.
David H. Knopf - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hi, Dara. This is David, again. Thanks for the question. So, when we talk about our ability to drive EBITDA dollars, we do mean year-over-year.
Dara W. Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar of Barclays. Your question, please.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi, good afternoon. Just two things from me. One quick one first. Sometimes when  I think when investors hear sort of the term spending to ensure customer service and things like that, I mean sometimes the notion comes up of, is it slotting or paying more to keep product on the shelf for retailers sort of asking for more dollars or those sorts of things. So, I was hoping you could just address that just to take that off the table if that's not the case. And then I guess more importantly, putting the one-offs and the one-off spending aside, you still did it looks like or sounds like increased sort of commercial spending, spending around capabilities, spending that's ongoing that will be in the base, if you will. And it sounded like after the second quarter that you had a pretty good read on that and obviously it increased in the third. So, really, I guess what gives you that comfort level that this is the right number and that in 2019 there's not, ultimately, the need for another significant step-up? Because we have seen some other food companies already starting to talk to 2019 and saying, hey, one year of reinvestment spending that was tax reform-led actually isn't enough to get the top-line going. It really needs to be a multi-year timeframe. So, any color on that would be really helpful, too. Thank you.
David H. Knopf - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hi, Andrew, this is David. Thanks for the question. So, let me take your first question and then I'll take part of your second question and hand it to Bernardo. So in terms of the costs, additional costs that we incurred, that were one-off in nature to support the volume, these were not any sort of trade or slotting cost. These were twofold. One kind of logistics, freight costs which were higher than what we anticipated given whenever we have more volume than what we planned for, you need to go to the spot market and specifically more expenses. Going forward, as we planned the higher volumes, you wouldn't expect to see those same level of cost. The second piece was actually less about cost inflation and more about our savings projects, which we chose to delay. So, in short, it was not related to anything like freight or slotting fees. In terms of the commercial spending, I think just one important caveat here. We did talk about the incremental investments this year. We did have some kind of one-off costs associated with the fact that as you release this into the P&L, it did come in higher in Q3 than what would be reflected on a run-rate basis. So there is kind of some lumpiness from the quarter-to-quarter perspective that drove EBITDA down that is one-off in nature. But that's on top of the investments that we talked about and anticipated this year. And then, I'll turn it to Bernardo to answer your last question.
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hi, Andrew. In respect of the level and thinking already about 2019, we do believe what's the right call in the beginning of 2018 to take the decision to go to the $300 million commercial investment given the benefit in the strong balance sheet we have with tax reform and so on. And this number is already in our base. So to be honest, looking to 2019, we do believe the investments we're doing now is not only for 2018, but there are significant benefits coming in the quarters to come in 2019 and beyond. I think the commercial results with the volume/mix grow especially in the United States is a good testament (41:01) to that. So as we're seeing today, I think the numbers are already in our base. We are not seeing the reason to increase that into 2019.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Palmer of RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks. Just one question on pricing and promotion effectiveness, you've talked about and we've heard about your sales team making pitches for promotional changes out there with retailer customers using data to do that. It's not always easy to get retailers to change the promotions that they currently do. They feel like they know what they're going to get. And we see in these results it's tough to see the effectiveness really coming through. You talked about cheese and ready-to-drink promotions as drags on margins. So can you just speak to the traction you're getting? Maybe provide some examples or maybe some evidence of how you're getting smarter and convincing retailers to take this journey with you on promotion effectiveness? Thanks.
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hi, David. This is Paulo. I think the main driver here to see this is the comments that we saw the commercial profitability that we saw in the quarter. So, we are really comfortable and happy with the efficiencies we got in the moment that we decided to do the investments we did. So, in the start of the promo discussion, I think we are  yeah, we've been investing in revenue management strategy. We've been getting (42:50), which type of promotion to execute. And an example, I think we were very successful in the beverage promotions that we did in ready-to-drink. And all this ended up appearing in our commercial profitability.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Chris Growe of Stifel. Your line is open.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hi. Thank you. Good evening. Just had two questions for you, if I could. The first would just be, as we think in relation to the gross margin performance, you mentioned before David some comments about positive commercial profits. And but I was surprised with the weakness in the gross margin. So I want to make sure I understand some of those unique factors, how they would've affected gross margin versus, say, SG&A. I felt like some of those were could have gone either way. Do you have any color on that you can provide?
David H. Knopf - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hi, Chris. This is David. Thanks for the question. Yes, so, we did see both gross margin and SG&A increase into that way on EBITDA margin. Again, driven by the same factors that I talked about with the higher-than-expected supply chain cost in the U.S., okay? So more related to operations side. Disproportionate impact from the commercial investments that we made, which is going to be on the SG&A line. And then unanticipated one-off supply chain costs from the Middle East that we moved to Europe. And that will be more of a gross profit, gross margin impact. But again, as many of these one-off factors fall away, we would expect to see the dollars and the profitability improve significantly in Q4 and going into next year. And that's going to be across both gross margin and SG&A.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay, thank you for that. And then just a question in relation to your U.S. sales, you had obviously very strong performance there, volume driven. I don't see that level of growth in the measured channels. But I wonder if you could say is there anything unique that's helping boost the U.S. sales in this quarter, being new products, that kind of thing? Or maybe also how your unmeasured channels performed in the quarter to help kind of round up that performance for the U.S.?
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hi, Chris, this is Paulo. Thanks for the question. We estimate that our underlying consumption growth in Q3 was roughly 1.3% across all retail channel splits and service. This excludes the Planters and club where we lapped shipment loss in July. The strong trends (45:22) we saw in first half was pretty much driven by frozen, snack nuts, beverage, meats and sauces businesses. The other drivers in Q3, if you go for Q3, were a combination of inventory shift and timing of (45:38) prior year. Net-net, these other factors added roughly 50 basis points to authentic growth in Q3.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Thank you very much for that.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Akshay Jagdale of Jefferies. Your line is open.
Akshay Jagdale - Jefferies LLC: Thanks for the question. Wanted to delve into this time you've been using commercial profitability. Can you just talk through like, what is included in that number and why is that a good measure of sort of the ongoing profitability of the business? That would be helpful, and I have a follow-up.
David H. Knopf - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Sure. Akshay, this is David. Thanks for the question here. So, in terms of the commercial profitability, as we look at it, we define is as the contribution from pricing and vol mix, okay? So EBITDA together. And this is before things like investments and inflation on the business. Now, the reason that we're calling it out is because we think it's important to understand that even with the lower negative pricing year-over-year, the significant volume pickup that we had that was significantly positive leading to organic growth, was positive on EBITDA and not negative. That being said, we're still seeing inflation and we need to address the inflation in the business, which in the near term we're managing with our savings curve. And going forward we'll evaluate other levers like price.
Akshay Jagdale - Jefferies LLC: Got it. So in other words, I mean when the market's seeing pricing down and profits down, they're assuming you've got the profit from taking pricing lower, right? And what you're trying to say is that's not what happened basically?
David H. Knopf - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Yes, Akshay. The key point here is that, profitability on a dollar perspective actually increased in despite negative pricing because our volume mix was so strong in the quarter, which we are very happy with.
Akshay Jagdale - Jefferies LLC: Got it. I'll pass it on. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jason English of Goldman Sachs. Your question, please.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hi, sorry about that. Can you guys hear me?
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Yes.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Awesome. A little phone malfunction here on my end. I wanted to come back trying to sort of unpack the drivers of the decline from a slightly different angle. Looking at the EBITDA year-on-year decline in the U.S., it's been accelerating obviously at least another $100 million-plus of year-on-year erosion this quarter. It sounds like that's predominantly driven by these onetime factors, right, as well as maybe a little bit of bonus accrual?
David H. Knopf - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hi, Jason, this is David. Thanks for the question. That is correct. So the same factors that I outlined on a global basis are very much the drivers for the U.S. year-over-year and a big piece of that is going to be the bonus accrual that were lapping from prior year has an impact in our year-over-year growth. And then the other items were more related to our kind of current year margin profile, all of which together is why we feel confident that we'll see that sequential improvement into Q4.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: And maybe you can help me size the bonus piece thing because if I look at $100 million, I hear you on marketing, geez, with the amount of marketing you spend in the U.S. an incremental $10 million will be a really high percent. So it's hard to see that incremental marketing is a material driver. And it's difficult to wrap our head around the logistic side being another $100 million or so that it would kind of had to be the bridge there. So maybe I'm not just fully appreciating the magnitude of this bonus accrual. Can you contextualize that for us with some real numbers?
David H. Knopf - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hi, Jason, this is David. So unfortunately we can't provide specific numbers on the bonus and some of these other drivers. But what I'd say is, the bonus is quite a large driver in the year-over-year delta as you can imagine the magnitude, the variable compensation that we have. On top of that the operational costs are also quite significant in the quarter, both the logistics costs I talked about as well as the savings projects that we didn't anticipate in Q3, but we're ready to execute at the right moment. And then finally there was a supply chain cost that we talked about related to Middle East and Europe. So, I think there are a few different components. The two largest I guess I can go ahead and say are the bonus and the higher operational costs that we talked about.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. I had to try. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow of Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hi, thank you for the question. I thought that your shipments in the U.S. were shipping slightly above the consumption that we were measuring in Nielsen. Presumably, I think it's because you're getting more shelf space. But I tried to find that in Nielsen data and I couldn't really get it. Maybe it's on a lag. Can you speak a bit about the shelf space that you might have gained from all these new product introductions? Are you seeing it in your tracking data? And also are you taking steps to make sure that you're not causing an environment where maybe there could be an inventory de-load in fourth quarter, which has happened before but maybe not with all these new products? Thanks.
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hi, this is Paulo. So, again if you think about the breakdown between the 1.8% growth, 1.3% is coming from what we're seeing is underlying real consumption in Q3. The other 50 bps is the volume effect of that I mentioned about combination of timing of to expand an inventory shift (51:47). So the real consumption we see for the business is 1.3%. And this is pretty much a combination of a management channel's growing around 0.8% and un-corporate channels, including foodservice growing another 50 bps. So that is how we're seeing our consumption happen. So, we are very happy, confident with the consumption improvement. We are seeing this in Q3. We're also seeing this in Q4. So we're seeing our real, as I said, underlying consumption growth in Q3 in the level of 1.3%.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Driscoll of Citi. Your line is open.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Great. Thank you so much and good evening. So just wanted to confirm, Paulo, I think you said that shipments in the quarter were ahead of the consumption including the unmeasured channels. Is that correct? And then will that reverse out in the fourth quarter?
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - The Kraft Heinz Co.: No. No. What I said now is that our underlying consumption overall is around 1.3% growth year-over-year. And this 1.3% is a combination of measured channels 0.8% growth plus 50 bps coming from other unmeasured channels including foodservice.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. A follow-up on the bonus question. So in most companies when we see companies miss profit targets, usually the bonus accruals are  they go the opposite way. There's not more bonuses. There is less bonuses. Why is it working that way here? I just don't understand something. And then I just had a final question on market share. Can you give us some sense on your read on Kraft Heinz's market share movement across its major categories and major geographies? It's a big picture question. A lot of companies have some nice simple metrics to give us an understanding as to whether or not you're gaining or holding share in certain percentages of categories. I don't know if you guys can provide that, but it would be helpful. Thank you.
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hi, Rob. It's Bernardo. In regarding to metrics of compensation, and so as we have been discussing quite some time, we are very performance driven organization, right? In our case here, since the beginning of the year we have a combination of different KPIs between top-line growth that have been accelerating EBITDA and cash flow. And we deem the strength, the variable compensation established by  with this in mind and looking at our balance sheet, our performance this year have been surpassing significant performance last year. Not in all KPIs, but in general. And that relate to our variable compensation. With that I want to ask David to take the KPI overall metric that you're requesting.
David H. Knopf - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Sure. Thanks, Bernardo. I think a couple data points that I think Bernardo said earlier on the call. On a global basis, more than half of our categories are consumption growth in Q3, okay? And the second point to point out, I think a particular relevance in the U.S. Our categories are going through a trend then with aggregate consumption across our categories improving nearly two percentage points in Q3 versus Q2, which obviously excludes the one-off impact of nuts that we've talked about. But we've seen a sequential improvement both in measured channels, and as Paulo pointed, overall consumption. But on a global basis, more than half of our categories saw consumption growth in the quarter. Paulo, I don't know...
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - The Kraft Heinz Co.: I can comment more about the U.S. What we can see is that in the first half we were losing and pretty much the same happened in 2017, we are losing around 0.6% share in our  across the portfolio. In Q3, we reduced this to 0.3%. And if we exclude the nuts business that we are lapping shipments since July, this number would go around 0.1%. So it's a significant improvement in share performance that we see in  moving  when we move through the year.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thank you very much.
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: And Rob, just to complement on that, I think that what makes us actually positive about what's coming because you see consumption and share in most parts of the world really improving behind the commercial initiatives and the investments, right? Where the results representing now and we believe they can be sustainable in the coming months and quarters, we'll continue to see acceleration in share, in volumes and in the commercial performance in general.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thank you.
Christopher M. Jakubik - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Thanks, everyone. I think we'll stop it there. For anybody with follow-up questions, Andy Larkin and myself will be available and anybody in the media with follow-up questions, Michael Mullen will be available. So thanks very much for joining us. And have a great evening.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. And have a wonderful day. You may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-08-03 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Christopher M. Jakubik - The Kraft Heinz Co. Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co. David H. Knopf - The Kraft Heinz Co. Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - The Kraft Heinz Co.
Analysts: Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc. Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Rob Dickerson - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Michael S. Lavery - Piper Jaffray & Co. Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Scott A. Mushkin - Wolfe Research LLC David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC
Operator: Good day. My name is Daniel, and I will be your operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to The Kraft Heinz Company's Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, this conference call may be recorded. I will now turn the call over to Chris Jakubik, Head of Global Investor Relations. Mr. Jakubik, you may begin.
Christopher M. Jakubik - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hello, everyone, and thanks for joining our business update. We'll start today's call with an overview of our second quarter and first-half results as well as an update on our 2018 plan from Bernardo Hees, our CEO; and David Knopf, our Chief Financial Officer. Then, Paulo Baslio, President of our U.S. Zone, will join the rest of us for the Q&A session. Please note that during our remarks today, we will make some forward-looking statements that are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties, and these are discussed in our press release and our filings with the SEC. We'll also discuss some non-GAAP financial measures during the call today. These non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered a replacement for and should be read together with GAAP results. And you can find the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our earnings release and at the end of the slide presentation available on our website. Now let's turn to slide 2, and I'll hand it over to Bernardo.
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Thank you, Chris, and good morning, everyone. Similar to our Q1 results, our second quarter results were better than we expected at the time of our last earnings call. The transitory factors that lead us to be cautious on the near-term sales played out much as expected, including the headwinds in the United States from Planters and Ore-Ida and the impact from retail inventory change in Canada. That said, we delivered slightly better net sales than expected. This was driven by encouraging, ongoing improvement in retail consumption trends in most countries and most categories as well as strong foodservice performance in a number of key countries. At EBITDA, we spoke about near-term pressures in the United States, Canada and Rest of the World from a combination of accelerated commercial investment, significant cost inflation, especially freight, as well as strong comparisons with the prior year in every region. Still, we delivered stronger-than-expected EBITDA from solid productivity gains in EMEA as well as better growth in certain Rest of the World markets. In addition, and perhaps even more important, we continued to make progress in building the capabilities and putting in place the go-to-market plans that we expect will generate top line growth going forward. Many of you have asked why we are so confident in our ability to deliver the top line and what specifically will drive it. So on the slide 3, we have laid out many of the key initiatives we expect will help us build momentum into the second half by region, by brand. In the United States, we saw consumption trends improve as Q2 unfolded, and as Planters' Club comparisons fade and as Ore-Ida and cold cuts activity and distribution improves, we're targeting top line growth in the third quarter. Our focus is on incremental volumes and mix improvements coming from new products like Lunchables, Around the World Flavorings, Oscar Mayer Plates, Just Crack an Egg, Heinz Real Mayonnaise as well as Planters where we brought back consumers' favorites, CHEEZ BALLS and CHEEZ CURLS for a limited time. In addition, we are planning stronger in-store activity as we move forward, including back-to-school, behind main-stays like Oscar Mayer, Kraft cheese, Lunchables and Capri Sun, as well as continuing Philadelphia's growth with strong holiday programs. In Canada, while the impact of tariffs on sales is still largely unknown, we continue to feel good about getting Canada back to growth track by year-end. This should come on building on the good performance we are seeing in coffee products, frozen meals and Natural Cheese Slice innovation as well as stronger merchandising behind Cracker Barrel Cheese. In EMEA, we are looking to sustain the momentum we have seen from the positive consumption tailwinds that have been driving performance to-date, including those coming from newly-repatriated Kraft and Bull's-Eye brands. In the second half, we also see opportunities for improvement for both whitespace and innovation initiatives, including Heinz in Middle East, Africa and Eastern Europe, the recent launch of Bull's-Eye Barbecue in the UK and Plasmon Infant Biscuits in Italy. And in our Rest of the World market, at some of  the short-term headwinds we recently experienced has started to fade. We expect some drivers to show towards a stronger way in the second half. These include: the strong growth and turnaround of Complan in India; the repatriation of the Kraft brands and our Cerebos acquisition in Australia/New Zealand; Heinz condiments in Brazil and Mexico; Kraft Mayo in Brazil; and sauces whitespace expansion in Central America and the Southern Cone. Outside of traditional retail, I also add that we have innovation distribution and assortment initiatives underway in Foodservice to drive substantial incremental gains in each region, as well as in the e-commerce channel where, in the United States alone, we're up more than 75% in both Q2 and through the first half. And our online portfolio is now over index market share, versus traditional retail channels. In total, this is by far the strongest innovation pipeline we have had in place in our short history as Kraft Heinz. At the same time, and something we have been talking about are the commercial investments and capabilities to play more offense. It gives us further confidence in our ability to change trajectory in both distribution and consumption, especially behind innovation. On slide 4, we show again the six goals from the framework we introduced early this year. During the second quarter and into the second half of 2018, we continue to make strides in each area. I just talked about our brand-building initiatives. Pushing into new categories, new segments, new occasions and doing this with a focus on incrementality, not just gross sales from new items. We will strongly support this, for instance, through data-driven marketing, where we are putting our in-house tools to work to drill deeper into the quality impressions. We are concentrating on building even more native impressions or impressions that are created by being part of the conversations of consumers' everyday lives and earned impressions, where you can create the news and share it through media coverage. For those of you in the United States, you have seen this at work with our Heinz Mayochup and Country Time by Legal-Ade campaigns, helping to drive improving consumption trends. Year-to-date, we estimate that native and earnings PR impressions we have generated in the United States alone is greater than all of 2017 and double what we generated in full-year 2016. And we have more coming to support our second-half initiatives. In both category management and go-to-market capabilities, we now have more capacity to drive category and brand growth, as our product pipeline will be fully in place in Q3. In category management, while we have significant potential still ahead, there are key areas of improvement we can leverage right now. At retail in the United States, for instance, our efforts have been targeted at improving SKU adoption, distribution velocities through assortment management and planograms. And in Canada, our in-house tools and disciplined rituals and routines are in place to help set pricing guidelines and guardrails as well as conduct pre-and post-event analysis, all aimed to make more informal decisions and improve returns. In go-to-market capabilities, the next wave of our in-house in-store sales teams is now in place in the United States, on track to more than double by the end of the year. With that, we believe that we now have critical mass to see a measurable impact on feature and display conversion, out-of-stocks and planogram compliance, just as we ramp up our second half sales plan. When our capability and product news (10:31) come together, we see measurable, incremental and sustainable gains. We see Oscar Mayer Hot Dogs increase households' penetration and velocity, grow dollar sales and gain share. This is happening now behind our For the Love of Hot Dogs campaign and a step-up in store activity at Memorial Day and Fourth of July. We see successful breakthrough innovation like our Just Crack an Egg platform. Just over six months in the market launch velocities roughly two times our estimates, top quartile trial and repeat, improving to be a successful bridge between convenient and freshness. And internationally, when our marketing, category management and go-to-market capability come together, we hit the ground running with newly repatriated and acquired brands like Bull's-Eye and Kraft in Europe and Cerebos in Australia and New Zealand, both are performing ahead of plan. Finally, the backbone of everything we do, operations, people and corporate social responsibility are fully aligned and even more capable to execute our plans. In operations, we continue to deliver against aggressive industry-leading targets in quality, safety and customer service in nearly all geographies we operate. Customer service in particular had been an area of significant focus and investment and we have made significant improvements in the United States and Canada. And in people, during Q2, we leveraged our Marketing Playbook and Category Marketing programs to close any gaps in best-in-class skills and capabilities and further deploy our new in-house tools. And on the CSR front, early this week, we expanded our environmental commitments. We aim to deliver a 100% recyclable, reusable or compostable packaging by 2025. And we are doing our part to accelerate the transition to a low-carbon economy by joining the Science Based Targets Initiative and working to set science-based carbon reduction goals. So to summarize, our first half results came in better than expected. Our second half commercial plans are the most robust since the 2015 merger and now it's up to us to execute with excellency. I will now hand it over to David to provide more color on our Q2 results and how our plans for the second half are likely to play out in our financial results going forward.
David H. Knopf - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Thank you, Bernardo, and hello, everyone. Turning to our results on slide 5, total company organic net sales were down 40 basis points in Q2, sequentially better than Q1 and, as Bernardo said, somewhat better than what we expected at the time of our last call. Pricing was positive for the fourth consecutive quarter, up 1.3 percentage points in Q2 and 1.1 percentage points in the first half. In both periods, this was driven by a combination of pricing to offset local input costs in Rest of World markets and carryover pricing in both the U.S. and Canada that more than offset stepped up in-store and new product activity in EMEA. Volume mix was 1.7 percentage points lower in Q2 and two points lower for the first half due to known headwinds in the United States and Canada that overshadowed strong growth in EMEA. By segment, the U.S. was slightly better than our initial expectations. As expected, Planters and Ore-Ida had a negative impact of approximately 1.5%, and the combination of trade spend timing and Easter shift was roughly one point of headwind to Q2 net sales. Excluding these factors, underlying U.S. consumption again exceeded reported results and showed a slight sequential improvement from Q1. And I would add that consumption has continued to improve based on the data we've seen so far for July. In Canada, results reflected the anticipated combination of comparisons with prior year promotional activity that was not repeated primarily in condiments and sauces, as well as trade inventory adjustments and select product discontinuations. EMEA had another strong quarter driven by strong condiments and sauces' growth across the zone, including solid consumption gains for both the Kraft and Bull's-Eye brands. Strong gains in Foodservice in every region are also contributing to EMEA growth. And in Rest of World, while top line growth was supported by pricing, another quarter of strong vol mix gains in condiments and sauces across the majority of regions and strong growth of Complan in India were again held back by one-off factors. In Q2, this included lower sales of canned seafood in Indonesia and the truckers strike in Brazil. That said, we do expect sequential improvement in Rest of World moving forward. At EBITDA, Q2 performance was slightly better than expected, although the drivers were consistent with our expectations. Specifically, we had solid gains from productivity savings and net pricing; gains that were offset by inflationary pressures, primarily elevated freight and resin costs; as well as costs associated with our aggressive commercial investment agenda. And in adjusted EPS, we were up $0.02 versus Q2 last year, driven primarily by a roughly 720-basis-point reduction in the tax rate on adjusted earnings. Overall, our first half financial performance was consistent with the type of start to the year we expected, if not somewhat better than expected at the profit line, and provides a solid base from which to build, which brings us to our outlook on slide 6. As Bernardo outlined, we believe things are in place for us to push a more aggressive growth agenda in the second half from a strong innovation pipeline, distribution gains across channels, as well as expanding our brands into geographic whitespace. Despite the slow start with several transitory headwinds and recent key commodity weakness in the U.S., we believe we're in a strong position to deliver organic growth for the full year, and therefore, we continue to expect that 2018 will be a year where the first half second half balance of net sales will be skewed to the second half. Our organic net sales growth is expected to begin now in Q3 with the U.S. growing and EMEA and Rest of World sustaining momentum. In Canada, with near-term risks at play, it may be Q4 until we see the turn. To support this growth and given our confidence in the pipeline of activities that Bernardo described, we're planning our commercial investments to be at the high-end of the $250 million to $300 million range we previously discussed, mainly in the form of more working media dollars. At the same time, we think it's appropriate to be more conservative in the near-term with expectations around adjusted EBITDA. And instead of the second half skew that we previously talked about, we now expect more of a 50-50 split to the year. This is driven by three factors. One is that we will be at the high-end of our planned commercial investments that I just mentioned. Two is our stronger-than-expected first half delivery. And three is cost inflation, where a number of areas have stayed higher for longer than we anticipated, mainly in freight and transportation; packaging, both resins and cardboard; as well as tariff risk currently impacting foil and aluminum costs in the U.S. and certain products we sell in Canada. Net-net, our savings curve will take more time to overcome the incremental cost inflation we expect during the remainder of 2018. So, as we assess Q3 prospects, the combination of greater-than-expected inflation, a more aggressive investment posture and difficult comparisons on variable compensation versus last year will mean that Q3 adjusted EBITDA dollars are likely to be down a greater order of magnitude than what we saw in the first half of the year. That said, we do expect our constant currency adjusted EBITDA trend to improve by year-end and gain further momentum into 2019 with productivity net of cost inflation accelerating, while the recovery in top line momentum continues. Below the line, we are still targeting adjusted EPS growth and strong cash generation in 2018. This should be aided by tax favorability where we now can expect an effective tax rate of approximately 21% for the full year in 2018. I will also note that based on successful recent refinancing activity, we now expect incremental interest expense in 2018 of roughly $80 million versus the $100 million we previously outlined. And in terms of cash generation, we continue to expect a significant step-up in 2018, despite a near-term headwind to working capital from recent termination of our accounts receivable securitization and factoring program in the U.S. To close, I think it's worth repeating the thoughts that we've expressed all year: that we're developing capabilities to create brand and category advantage to achieve profitable growth; that we're investing aggressively now in order to see benefits sooner; and that these factors will shape our near-term results in 2018, and will drive sustainable profitable growth into 2019 and beyond. Now, we'd be happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Your line is now open.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Good morning, everybody.
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Good morning.
David H. Knopf - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Good morning.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: I guess I'll kick it off with, with all of the investments in capabilities that you've been making recently, and clearly some of the renewed confidence in the organic top line growth starting as of Q3, I guess, do you feel as though this makes Kraft Heinz more willing to perhaps consider assets that may require a bit more heavy lifting rather than ones that already have better growth prospects, but would certainly come at higher multiples?
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hi, Andrew. This is Bernardo. Good morning.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Good morning.
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Well, let me start with the investment part of your question. We're happy that we accelerated the investments we announced at the beginning of the year, creating the capabilities that I really believe are going to stay here. You're going to start seeing the second half of this year, but are going to stay with us in 2019 and beyond, right, behind go-to-market sales teams, channels, activations, innovation, marketing dollars and so on. We always said that was one investment that we would see results in the year to come. So, we're happy with the program. And as we always said as well, we wouldn't hesitate to sacrifice a point of margin to generate accelerated growth on the top line. With that in mind, your question is given the capability we're building, now how this plays on M&A or more organic plans for the company, right? What I can say about that is pretty much what we have been saying and have been consistent for quite some time. Our framework has really not changed, right. The fact that we like big brands, the fact that we like business that can travel and international, the fact that we do like to take synergies from existing business and to reinvest behind brands, behind products and behind people. I don't think that this framework change because of the capabilities we're developing. Why I can say that with the experience we have today after being  since Heinz 2013  five years into the industry, the knowledge on the category, the knowledge of the things that do work and things that you have seen that do not work, and so on, allows us to be much more confident where to put the money, what assets can be turned around, and things that can really be within this framework. And also true to the fact that our ability to integrate and to connect companies for a bigger scale and so on, given that you have been doing that for quite some time. And every time we have been doing better, got faster and we have a better understanding. To your question about assets, slower growth, or higher growth, and so on, I don't think that changed with what we have in mind from a framework standpoint.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Alexia Howard with Bernstein. Your line is now open.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Good morning, everyone.
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Good morning.
David H. Knopf - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Good morning.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Can I ask about the pricing environments in North America? It seems as though it's been pretty challenging for the last 18 months or so. You've obviously got some positive pricing that's running through now. How do you expect that to play out in the second half? And just how do you see the environment and the retailers' relationships playing out from here on out?
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hi, Alexia. This is Paulo. So again, we believe that we have strong brands. We have differentiated products. We have a strong innovation pipeline and so far we've been able to drive our brands and products in line with what we perceive to be the value to the consumer, so. But we always keep in mind it's very important to us to strike the right balance between market share, distribution and profitable volume. So this balance will play very differently in each category that we play. So today, I can say that the relationship we have with customers are going very well and a very clear connection with all of them.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: And so, do you expect the pricing to strengthen as we get into the back half? Or the price mix to improve?
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Alexia, as a matter of practice, we don't forecast pricing for the future. But what we can say there, the growth that we expect to have in the second half is going to be more balanced to volume mix.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Thank you very much. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey. Good morning, everyone.
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Good morning.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Just two questions related to the investment in capabilities, the P&L investment this year. I think if I remember it correctly, you're spending about $300 million, P&L dollars against it. And I guess, two things. One, is this sort of an ongoing expense, meaning will it be an incremental headwind again as we kind of move into the future? Or is it sort of a one-year step-up? And then second, if you could talk a little bit about how those investments specifically would help you. Or do they at all improve your ability to integrate acquisitions? So like the difference between integrating without these capabilities versus what it was before.
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Thanks, Bryan. It's Bernardo. The investments were announced. What really scaled up was a one-off, the $300 million that you want to accelerate the capability to have in the company in go-to-market, channel activation, in innovation launch platforms, and service levels with specific investments directed to specific customers especially in the United States. So that, I would say, is coming really well, creating the capability the company has for the future, not only we expect to see that already has some results in the second half of the year, but 2019 and beyond. That is, like we said before, a step-up as a one-off. Okay? Related to the second part of your question about the capabilities of integrating faster in an M&A environment, how this would happen, those capabilities will help us. I think, like I said, at the first question, the learning and the experience we have today allowed us to have very knowledge on each one of the categories and those capabilities are created when you think about revenue management, assortment management, planogram, go-to-market, breakthrough innovation, channel mix, activation in e-commerce, Foodservice, clubs, drugstores, all these kinds of capabilities, they are scalable in an organic environment.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: If I could just follow up, David, is it still $300 million that you're spending back this year?
David H. Knopf - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hi, Bryan. This is David. That's correct. We talked about at the beginning of the year, commercial investments and investments in service between $250 million to $300 million, so now we expect to be on the high end of that at closer to $300 million.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: All right. So if we're thinking about the EBITDA guide for the year even though you're having to have faced some inflation, you chose to actually spend at a high-end of the investment either way. Because of it, it's going to make sense longer-term?
David H. Knopf - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Yes, that's correct.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Rob Dickerson with Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Rob Dickerson - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you. Good morning. Two quick questions, I guess, the first question just in cadence for the rest of the year, Q3 versus Q4. In terms of what you said about Q3 that Q3 EBITDA would be down slightly more than it was down in the first half of the year, and then we should see a pick back up in Q4, just relative to internal forecast originally from the beginning of the year, is there a change to the full year just to be clear? Or is it  so some came in a little bit better in the first half and really in Q2, but then it will be a little bit worse in Q3? Or how should we think about kind of where you are right now and how you view the full year versus where you viewed the full year at the end of 2017? That's it.
David H. Knopf - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Sure. Hi, Rob. This is David. Thanks for the question. So in terms of the second half cadence, so I'll start with Q3. So, our profitability in the quarter in Q3 versus last year is going to be driven by three factors. So first, we expect that the swing from overhead favorability we mentioned last year to a more normal incentive compensation accrual this year to be roughly $75 million to $100 million in the quarter. Second, as noted, we plan to be at the high-end of our commercial investments for the year. So again, the high end of the range of the $250 million to $300 million I mentioned and this is to support our second half growth initiatives more strongly. And third is the fact that the additional inflation we noted is running ahead of our savings curve in the short-term. So those are really the three factors in Q3 that are going to drive that trend. Going forward in Q4 we expect our comparisons to ease and our savings curve to accelerate, although we think it's best to maintain a conservative set of expectations with regard to cost inflation. So that's why we think the year is going to look a little bit more balanced versus what we talked about earlier in the year.
Rob Dickerson - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Great. And then just quickly on tariffs, I think I heard you call out a few inflationary aspects of tariff effects on specific commodities. Is there some potential risk though in terms of volumes do you foresee? And just very general, it's just a very general question.
David H. Knopf - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Yes. So in terms of tariffs, I think the point that I want to get across is given what we're seeing we want to be conservative and that drives our kind of outlook for the year. But these types of things, we're not exactly sure what will stick and for how long. So we're not going to take a stance yet on potential actions that we can take to offset those things, so I'm not going to talk about that now but I think given those factors and some of the cost inflation we're seeing in the market, again, we're going to have this kind of more conservative stance on the year.
Rob Dickerson - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Super. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Chris Growe with Stifel. Your line is now open.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hi. Good morning.
David H. Knopf - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Good morning
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Good morning.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hi. I just had two quick questions for you. I wanted to ask first of all, if you look at this quarter, if you think of like the old PNOC, pricing net of commodity inflation, is that positive or negative in the quarter here such that are you getting pricing through given this accelerated rate of non-commodity inflation? That's my first question.
David H. Knopf - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Sure. Hi, Chris. This is David. So I won't talk specifically on the quarter but I'd say overall for the year we continue to expect pricing relative to our key commodities to be stable. We have recently seen some key commodities come down more recently and expect that for the year. But as a matter of practice, we're not going to discuss potential future pricing actions relative to that. But as Paulo said earlier, we're confident in the strength of our brands and will continue to strike a balance between market share distribution and profitable volume as it relates to commodities.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: And so just to be clear, does non-key commodity inflation come into your thinking as you're approaching pricing? Not that you're going to tell me what you're going to do, but is that a factor you'd consider in terms of your pricing? Or (35:30) offset with cost savings?
David H. Knopf - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Yes. So it's certainly part of the equation there. We're not going to provide color on pricing going forward. But between commodities, non-key commodity inflation, we think in terms of pricing and potential productivity initiatives to offset that.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. And I had just one question as well. You've had some weight on your sales from Planters and Oscar Mayer and Ore-Ida. I think you approached much easier comparisons on that front in the second half of the year. Is that right? You get past a lot of those issues in the second half? And do those shift to growth in the second half of the year as a result of that?
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hi, Chris. This is Paulo. I think that is one of the components, as we said. We are confident that we're expecting sales to grow in U.S. in the second half. I think one component that we are seeing is that you can see that our categories are improving, our categories now are growing. And on top of that, the big headwinds in share that you were seeing, these negative headwinds, we expect them to fade. I can give examples of cold cuts, Ore-Ida, lost distribution that we have, the capacity restrictions we had. Now we have the capacity in place, so we expect to recover the distribution. I can also say that on top of that, we're going to see our  we have a strong innovation pipeline coming to the market that's already distributed  and also a much better and stronger program driving improvement in consumption. So pretty much this is the main pillars to support our expectations for growth in the second half.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Thank you very much.
David H. Knopf - The Kraft Heinz Co.: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Michael Lavery with Piper Jaffray. Your line is now open.
Michael S. Lavery - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Thank you. Good morning.
David H. Knopf - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Good Morning.
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Good morning.
Michael S. Lavery - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Two quick ones. You mentioned food service a couple times and I was wondering if you could just elaborate a little bit on some of your initiatives there and what the opportunities are? And how much is it white space driven that you're filling in gaps? And then just second, following up on Andrew's question a little bit, how do you handicap the ability of a brand to travel? And how do you think about that when you are evaluating inorganic growth?
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hi, Michael. It's Bernardo. With respect to food service, it has been actually a white space opportunity worldwide, not only here in the United States, that you have been growing now for the second year in a row. But worldwide has been double-digits growth, in Europe. We have seen many countries in Asia that have been experiencing growth in food service. Remember, we're building a factory in countryside at Brazil in the state of Gois that there is a significant volume related to food service. So it has been a strategic decision from the company to create capabilities in different zones and countries to push this. We do believe our products resonate in a big way. There are some adaptations, and I think we're getting better as a company to create the right packaging and the right product assortment to understand the dynamics of this channel that are different than normal retail channel. So that has been something that has been improving in the company. We do expect that to continue in the years to come. And do expect us to get better and to be stronger in the food service channel than we've ever been, again, not only in the United States that has been more a reality for some time but other parts of the world. The second part of your question about the capabilities and how to evaluate from an M&A standpoint, remember, we are seeing that and we are doing that, taking brands from existing countries and making them on a global or a zoned stage now for some time, right? We had the repatriation of Kraft this year in Europe and Australia. I think a good example that is unfolding as we speak is the launch of BULL'S-EYE barbecue and premium sauces in UK and Continental Europe. And we're seeing Kraft being deployed now in Latin America; being launched in Brazil. It's being launched in many countries in Asia. We are seeing Planters being deployed in UK, Continental Europe, China and other countries. So we have been doing that. I don't think  and understanding the category and having a stronger brand that resonates sometimes in a country like America. In the case of BULL'S-EYE, it was very strong in Germany, and now we are making in different countries in Europe, but understanding the strength of the brand, what is the category drivers and what consumers want, I think the connection is quite there. As we evaluate new brands on the organic, for sure always there are risks. But I would say our experience today allows us to be more assertive about it.
Michael S. Lavery - Piper Jaffray & Co.: That's great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Jason English with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hey. Good morning, folks. Thank you for the question.
David H. Knopf - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Good morning.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: A quick question for clarification. Did I hear you right that you're now expecting EBITDA to be about a 50-50 split, front-half, back-half?
David H. Knopf - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hi, Jason. This is David. That's right. We expect it to be a little bit more balanced, 50-50 for the year.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: That implies that EBITDA, if we just kind of track with the first half, would be down year-on-year by a bit over $200 million. Last quarter, you guys guided for organic EBITDA growth, and you mentioned that first half is exceeding expectations. I'm kind of interpreting this to mean that you're lowering your full year EBITDA guidance by about $300 million. Is that wrong? And given that you've over delivered, it's really all coming in the back half. I know you've got some cost creep with some items, but you also mentioned some of your key commodities trending down. What am I missing to bridge that all the way to that $300-ish sort of million dollar difference?
David H. Knopf - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Sure, Jason. This is David. So let me walk you through kind of the cadence of what we're seeing for the rest of the year. So we continue to have good visibility on significant productivity and cost savings initiatives for the remainder of the year and going into 2019 as well. That said, as I talked about, we're seeing additional cost inflation that in the immediate term is outpacing the savings curve, and it's just kind of two factors. So first, we have some costs that are staying higher for longer, and in some cases like freight, they're continuing to climb this year. And then second, as I talked about, we had some headwinds from tariffs as well, of which we're not exactly sure what will stick or for how long. But for those reasons, we think it's better to take a more conservative stance. At the same time, we have an opportunity to drive sustainable consumption gains from investments that Bernardo mentioned in our commercial pipeline. So again, we think it's best to kind of head into the second half with a more conservative set of expectations around near-term EBITDA dollars, especially for Q3, as I mentioned, and continue to focus on the sustainable top- and bottom-line growth going forward.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you. I'll pass it on.
David H. Knopf - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Scott Mushkin with Wolfe Research. Your line is now open.
Scott A. Mushkin - Wolfe Research LLC: Thanks, guys, for the (44:23) questions. So I wanted to go back to the M&A. A question I get a lot is why hasn't something happened? Obviously, we know that you guys have been out there trying to, you know, looking at different assets. I guess I wanted to take a step back and understand what you're saying, your take on the landscape both M&A clearly does matter a lot, especially with Walmart in the North American market, Walmart taking as much volume share as they are, it'd be nice to have the CPG companies consolidate a little bit more aggressively especially you guys and I'm wondering if you think there's some structural impediments to that?
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hi. Here's Bernardo. If I understood correct the question about there is something structure that would be in the middle of more consolidation and M&A in the industry, right? And then you relate to the Walmart example. We really don't see that way. I think the food industry is an industry that has not consolidated with the same speed as other industry. There are some reasons for that given local pace and regulations and other things, but not to the extent we have seen it. So we do believe looking mid or long-term that there will be more consolidation in the industry and we have not shying to say that we want to be a force behind this when the process happens, right? To your point about structural obstacles and so on, we don't see really any in that sense. I think again it's important in our case to be very disciplined on our approach and our framework like that has not changed. We are disciplined on price to the value creation equation. I think we have proved that over time and that's something we believe is important for the long-term value creation equation, okay? And I think also important to say, we don't do something to be happy for a quarter and then be regretting for the long-term to be apologizing for the next couple of years. When it move, we definitely move with a much longer-term view believing that something is going to make the company stronger for the years to come.
Scott A. Mushkin - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. So, I appreciate the answer. My follow-up question is, it just seems that and what the answers have been around pricing in kind of the back half of the year, I mean, my interpretation it's just hard to get price through. I mean, you talk about cost inflation and not being able to be offset by the underlying savings, but that's my interpretation of what you guys have been saying. Is that interpretation incorrect? And I'll yield. Thanks.
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hi. This is Paulo. No. I think that is a balance. It's always a balance as we've been discussing. Again, we've been able to price our brands so far but the way that we approach this is not to price to offset a specific cost. It's really to find and to strike the right balance between a profitable volume, distribution, and share. So that's our approach. At the end of the day, profitability is one of the components. It's not the only one. We see the bid is more  as what's the position that we're going to take that's going to be healthier for the business looking to this three components that we shared. But so far as we said, we've been able to price our booked volume (48:45) in line with the value that we have, that our products have for the consumer, so.
Scott A. Mushkin - Wolfe Research LLC: Thanks, guys.
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Welcome.
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from David Palmer with RBC. Your line is now open.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Good morning, everyone. You've listed a lot of reasons why sales were constrained in the first half in emerging markets, U.S., Canada, and separately you highlighted the analytics and sales investments. And to those two buckets I would add that in some key commodity categories like cheese, you've had some big volume declines. So I guess what I'm wondering is, going into the second half of the year, could you give some color about the reasons and timing for the sales recovery? Where will you see the sales improve earlier and where later? Thanks.
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hi. This is Paulo. I'm going to speak for the last year. Pretty much the components are the ones we were sharing. So first of all, we are seeing our categories improving, so our categories are running positive today. Many negative shares that we saw in the first half of the year are fading. We have in the innovation pipeline coming and again when you see what is giving us confidence on that in the U.S. is that when you see the consumption of figures that we have for July, these already happened. We are already trading positive consumption in the month in July. So it's pretty much just the combination of improvement in the categories, the negative headwinds that we have fading, investment in innovation and better programming that is giving us this confidence by the second half.
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: And, David, from a worldwide standpoint, we have Europe, Middle East and Africa continuing to grow with the same momentum they have in the first half of the year. We do see acceleration in Latin America especially after the strike event in Brazil in May, in June, July and moving forward we do see acceleration in some countries in Asia where you have the one-offs with the problems with fish supply in Indonesia and some inventory timing in China behind us. And we do you see a barrier sequentially performance in Canada, right, given the level of activation and innovation coming to market in the second half of the year in the country. With this picture, together what Paulo just mentioned in the United States, we feel confident about the acceleration and the connection between the investment we announced in the beginning of the year and the results you're going to see in the top-line in the second half of the year, Q3, Q4 going into first half 2019.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you.
Christopher M. Jakubik - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Great. If we could take maybe one more question.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question comes from Jonathan Feeney with Consumer Edge. Your line is now open.
Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Thank you very much for the question. I guess a little bit of a follow-up, Bernardo, you talked about to Jason English's question, when you think about  you talked about capabilities investments, and for a company that's been very, very return-focused and very successful doing so, I'm just wondering how much of these capabilities investments have a return that we can measure in 2019, 2020? And if you could, I know you don't guide for 2019 or necessarily a long-term basis, but these investments you're talking about, are these really just increases in the cost of competition versus what you might have thought on January 1? Or would you really see that maybe versus where we were thinking January 1 it's just a question of maybe profits being pushed forward into 2019 and subsequent years from these investments relative to your expectations? Thank you.
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hi Jon. The way we see that and if you think about what we did, was not really a change on the plans we had. We knew the capabilities were there and we knew what to do. We took advantage of a better scenario we had in the United States from a free cash flow standpoint and we did accelerate the plans we had from a commercial standpoint to drive those capabilities, right? So it's not something that was new to us but the acceleration given the numbers we have been seeing in the pilots we run in 2016, 2017, allowed us to be confident about where we are deploying the capital, right? And the reason you're going to see that is because a lot of the innovation that's coming to market, Just Crack an Egg, we started in 2016, right? Planters Crunchers, Heinz Real Mayo, Capri Sun natural, Capri Sun zero sugar, pasta sauce, Heinz in Continental Europe, BULL'S-EYE in Continental Europe, Heinz and Kraft Mayo in Southern Cone and Brazil in Latin America, right? The expansion of two biscuit category and nuts category in China, right. All those things we're having time and have been developed but with the acceleration of those capabilities, understanding the category, connecting to our field teams in some countries that we wanted to expand, getting our channels right and so on, would allow us to be in a position not only in the second half but looking at 2019 and 2020 in a better way. That's what I'm saying, that's a one-off to enhance our capabilities and then we come back to a normal plan. So looking 2019 and 2020 you're probably going to go back to match our returns in a normal year plan, what's the return given my results on net sales, my results on profitability, and so on. We continue to be very focused in value creation, right? That's us. We're a performance-driven company and we are very pleased with the culture and with the way it is progressing the morale, the way we're seeing the second half of the year, the way our employees that's really the competitive advantage of the company is really engaging with the plans we have for the short-term in the second half 2018 but looking into 2019 and beyond. So we do believe there is a return for that and that's why we're confident in the investment we're making.
Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Understood. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our question-and-answer session for today's call. I would now like to turn the call back over to Chris Jakubik for any further remarks.
Christopher M. Jakubik - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Thanks for joining us everyone this morning. For those analysts who have follow-up questions, Andy Larkin and I will be available for your follow ups. And for those in the media that have questions, Michael Mullen will be available for you as well. So thanks again for joining us, and have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude today's program, and you may all disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-05-03 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Christopher M. Jakubik - The Kraft Heinz Co. Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co. David H. Knopf - The Kraft Heinz Co. Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - The Kraft Heinz Co. Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Analysts: David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc. Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC Pablo Zuanic - Susquehanna International Group of Companies Steven Strycula - UBS Securities LLC
Operator: Good day. My name is Lateef and I will be your operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to The Kraft Heinz Company's First Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. I will now turn the call over to Chris Jakubik, Head of Global Investor Relations. Mr. Jakubik, you may begin.
Christopher M. Jakubik - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hello, everyone, and thanks for joining our business update. We'll start today's call with an overview of our Q1 results and our 2018 plans from Bernardo Hees, our CEO; and David Knopf, our Chief Financial Officer. Then, Paulo Baslio, President of our U.S. Zone; and Georges Zoghbi, Strategic Advisor and Director, will join the rest of us for the Q&A session. Please note that, during our remarks today, we will make some forward-looking statements that are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ due to risks and uncertainties, and these are discussed in our press release and our filings with the SEC. We'll also discuss some non-GAAP financial measures during the call today. These non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered a replacement for and should be read together with GAAP results. And you can find the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our earnings release and at the end of the slide presentation available on our website. Now let's turn to slide 2, and I'll hand it over to Bernardo.
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Thank you, Chris, and good afternoon, everyone. Let me start by saying that we're feeling more confident about our outlook with Q1 in line to slightly better than our expectations from the February call. If you recall, there were several factors that lead us to be cautioned on our top-line performance for the first half of 2018, including the headwinds in United States from Planters and Ore-Ida, the impact from retail inventory reductions in Canada, and the weak result in Brazil from our SAP implementation. At EBITDA, we spoke about near-term pressures in the United States and the Rest of World from accelerated investments in go-to-market capabilities, Big Bet launches, and increasing working media dollars, and best-in-class customer services, as well as significant cost inflation, especially freight at the beginning of the year. On the whole, it played out as expected. And we continue to expect many of these same factors to remain in Q2, as were anticipated in the outlook we provided in the February call. Outside these transitory factors, we are seeing ongoing improvement in consumption trends in most countries and in most of the key categories that we believe will drive both top and bottom-line growth into the second half of the year. These include positive trends in the first quarter  it's actually the fourth quarter  in categories such as natural cheese, meals and desserts, and ready-to-drink beverage in United States; cheese and coffee in Canada; condiments and sauces across Europe; soups and meals in the UK; and baby food in Russia; condiments and pasta sauce in Latin America; as well as soy sauce in Indonesia. More important to highlight for the balance of 2018, for 2019 and beyond, is that these gains are being driven by the investment and progress we are making to build capability for sustainable advantage to our iconic brands. On slide three we show six goals from our framework presentation that is set to fulfill The Kraft Heinz vision to become the best food company, growing a better world. For instance, we set a goal to be the English number one in marketing capabilities and we are investing in our portfolio of brands to a data-driven approach to win with consumers. It's fair to say that we have spent the last two years on the necessary renovation of our portfolio largely by focusing on marketing spend efficiency and product renovation. We are playing more offense with higher commercial investments especially behind incremental innovation. In data-driven marketing, we continue to develop proprietary in-house tools to better measure quality impressions across new mediums like mobile, and to understand the impact that our digital initiatives have on net sales, all at a faster real-time pace. In the first quarter alone, our Super Bowl ad kicking off the Kraft Maxwell brand campaign generated more than 2 billion impressions. We executed a data-driven target digital campaign in UK soups helping us gain more than a point of share during strong soup season in gross sales 10%. Also in UK, our company behind a new announced product, chocolate flavored mayo during Easter season generate 3.5 billion impressions for Heinz Seriously Good Mayo. Think about that, more than 3 billion impressions in a country one-fifth the size of the United States, and in a classic definition of adaptable data-driven marketing, our U.S. team's quick response around consumer and social media interest in Mayochup generated more than 1 billion impressions within 48 hours. This coming at a time when we are just launching Heinz Real Mayonnaise in United States and Canada. In innovation, we are pushing into new categories, new segments, new occasions, in many cases to premium positioning and we are doing this with a focus on incrementality, not just gross sales from new items. In the United States for instance, our innovation funnel has got wider every single year, and in 2018, we plan to launch roughly 60% more innovation projects than we did in 2016. And more launches are designed to be incremental to our current base, such as breakthrough innovation in new dayparts like we're doing with Just Crack an Egg for breakfast, a refrigerated product that's now selling faster than we can make it. Disruptive innovation like Heinz Premium Mayonnaise and building on our presence in snacking by complementing P3 with Oscar Mayer Natural Meat & Cheese Plates, Philadelphia Bagel Chips and Cream Cheese Dips, and Planters Signature nuts. As well as partnering with growing equities to bring specialty items to market with our new Springboard platform and through joint ventures. Items like Momofuku sauce, Oprah O, That's Good! Comfort Foods, and Food Network Meal Kits and Cooking Sauces. Outside of the United States you are already seeing the impact of incremental sales from the Kraft brand in Europe and should soon see the same in Australia. And in our Rest of the World market we expect gains from whitespace launches under Kraft, Heinz and Planters to show more strongly in the second half of the year in our effort to maximize category managers will have significant impact still ahead. At retail in the United States, for instance, we still have room to improve the effectiveness of our promotional activities. We expect key summer and winter reset windows to improve SKU adoption, distribution and velocity through our assortment management and planogram tools. In U.S. foodservice, we have started to streamline our product catalog, emphasizing high-velocity SKUs, which also reduce supply chain complexity. And across our zones, we recently made our Global Center of Excellence in the Netherlands our global hub for assortment management, adding this capability to the revenue management team to drive value and growth. In go-to-market capabilities, we continue to take actions that will enable us to improve our ability to get the right product at the right place, at the right time for our consumers and capture what we believe to be significant incremental organic growth. Our in-house in-store sales teams in the United States is now 80% larger than this time last year, and we are seeing the incremental returns we expect versus the previous focus-only approach in store everywhere we have implemented this new model. In foodservice, we are capturing whitespace opportunity in some of our most developed markets, the United States and Europe, a good indication that there is more untapped potential in this channel. And in e-commerce, our theme is developing in-house data science and consumer analytics expertise with a focus on building consumer baskets that together with single-item purchase can leverage the breadth of The Kraft Heinz portfolio and make it a better partner to our retail customers. We are also making significant progress in our goal to create best-in-class operations. We are pacing ahead of aggressive industry-leading targets in quality, safety and customer service in nearly all geographies we operate, even as we ramp up to get new state-of-the-art factory in Davenport, Kirksville, China and Brazil producing to their potential. And on costs, while inflationary pressures have continued across procurement, logistics and manufacturing, we view the solid pipeline of projects in each area to minimize these pressures which should come true in the second half of the year. In other words, even though we've substantially complete our integration program in Q4, we remain in a strong position to both offset cost inflation and fuel high-return investments in our brands. These include investing in the develop of our people, where in the first quarter alone, Kraft Heinz employees completed nearly 60,000 courses through our interactive university online platform. We cannot underestimate how critical it is in this rapidly changing environment to develop our people to new competencies and SKU building in areas like sales, marketing, leadership, problem-solving and R&D, because we know that our people are what really made Kraft Heinz to adapt to these new times and to win in the marketplace. So to summarize, one, we are building capabilities to create brand and category advantage to achieve profitable growth. Two, we're investing aggressively now in order to see the benefits sooner. And three, these are key factors shaping what's likely to be on a typical balance of net sales and EBITDA between first half and second half in 2018. So let me hand over to David to explain how these factors impact Q1 results and how the commercial momentum we are investing to build is likely to play out in our financials.
David H. Knopf - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Thank you, Bernardo, and hello, everyone. Turning to slide 4, from a total company perspective, organic net sales were down 1.5 percentage points in Q1, consistent with the expectations we laid out on the last call. Pricing was positive for the third consecutive quarter, up 1 percentage point and driven by favorable pricing in the United States and Rest of World markets. Volume mix was 2.5 percentage points lower in Q1, due to known headwinds in the United States and Rest of World markets that overshadowed solid retail growth in EMEA and Canada, strong Easter programming in the United States and foodservice growth in both the U.S. and EMEA. By segment, the U.S. was slightly better than our initial expectations, Planters and Ore-Ida had a negative 1.5% impact, and trade spend timing was a 1.2% headwind to Q1 net sales. Excluding these factors, underlying U.S. consumption was significantly better than reported results and continued to show sequential improvement. In Canada, as expected, results reflect earlier go-to-market agreements with key retailers, with growth tempered by retail inventory reductions at a key retailer, versus the end of 2017. EMEA had a strong first quarter, driven by soups and meals growth in the UK, as well as condiments and sauces growth across the zone, including southeast and central Europe, where we are now selling the Kraft brand. And in the Rest of World, top line growth was supported by pricing, while vol mix was held back by distribution-related issues, primarily re-alignment in Mexico and continued disruption in Puerto Rico, a seafood shortage in Southeast Asia that is impacting our canned business in Indonesia and the implementation of SAP in Brazil. That said, we do expect sequential improvement moving forward. At EBITDA, Q1 performance was slightly better than expected, although the drivers were consistent with our expectations, specifically solid gains from productivity savings and net pricing, gains that were offset by inflationary pressures, primarily elevated freight and resin costs, as well as cost associated with our aggressive commercial investment agenda. At adjusted EPS, we were up $0.05 versus Q1 last year, driven primarily by a roughly 730 basis point reduction in the adjusted effective tax rate versus Q1 last year, while other below-the-line items largely offset one another. One final note I'd like to make about Q1 results that's not on the page is our cash generation. In Q1, we delivered nearly $500 million of additional cash versus the year-ago period. This came from a combination of lower capital expenditures, lower cash taxes and lower working capital. In sum, our Q1 financial performance was in line to better than expected and provides a solid start to delivering our full-year outlook outlined on slide 5. To start, we continue to expect 2018 will be a year where just less than half of our net sales and EBITDA will be delivered in the first half of the year and more than half in the second half. And this is compared to 2017, where net sales and EBITDA were roughly equally split between first half and second half. In fact, in Q2, while the set of sales and cost headwinds will be similar to Q1 and we will continue to press our aggressive commercial investment agenda, we will be up against our strongest EBITDA comparisons of the year in every reporting segment versus last year. But as Bernardo said, with four months now behind us, we are gaining visibility on a number of trend-bending drivers, both commercially and operationally that are giving us confidence in a strong second half and solid momentum heading into 2019. To be more specific, we see four tangible drivers of the turnaround in the second half of 2018. First, the transitory headwinds in the U.S. during the first half should not just fade but are likely to turn into positive year-on-year contributors, given strong go-to-market plans for Planters nuts, Oscar Mayer cold cuts and our frozen business. Second and also in the U.S., we expect to begin seeing more benefit from the investments in category management and go-to-market capabilities, benefiting both the strong innovation agenda we have planned as well as our in-store presence with key customers. Third is international growth, driven by a combination of innovation and whitespace initiatives in virtually every market, Canada, EMEA and Rest of World. And, fourth is leveraging greater net savings as the benefits from the initiatives we have at work across procurement, logistics and manufacturing ramp-up. From an overall perspective, we remain confident in delivering positive constant currency EBITDA growth and strong adjusted EPS growth for the full year, as we outlined in February. And to be clear, we're targeting EBITDA growth versus the revised 2017 base, following the new accounting standards we've implemented. For earnings per share, we now expect an incremental $40 million of depreciation and amortization versus $70 million previously and we continue to expect incremental interest expense of roughly $100 million versus last year and an effective tax rate of approximately 23% for the full year. And in terms of cash generation as evidenced by our strong Q1, we continue to expect a significant step up in cash generation from a combination of lower capital expenditures, lower cash taxes and lower working capital. To close, I'd echo Bernardo's earlier thoughts on the year in our path forward that we're developing capabilities to create brand and category advantage to achieve profitable growth, that we're investing aggressively now in order to see the benefits sooner, and that these are the key factors shaping what is likely to be an atypical balance of net sales and EBITDA between the first half and the second half in 2018. Now we'd be happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you, sir. Our first question comes from the line of David Palmer of RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks. Good evening. You mentioned your investments in feet on the street, the sales in stores. Could you talk about where you are with those investments? Have you seen returns in that and can you give us a sense that you're feeling confident you'll get something for that investment?
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Sure, David. Hi. This is Paulo. So, yes, we're deploying this different in-store coverage model that it basically involves replacing some existing third-party merchandises that we own, we have in our stores to in-house salespeople. What we believe that we can better execute and understand the category needs with that, and we have leveraged advanced analytics, we are forming the metrics to track this activity. We started doing this in 2017. I can guarantee you that it's being up and we're actually doubling down on this.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Great. And just a question on your  the big four, cheese, nuts, lunchmeat and coffee, those categories have that pass-through element. They've been four categories for you which your brands have been wobbling in terms of their market share lately. It looks like private label has been the beneficiary in some of these. Could you tell us what's going on? Is it something of a price timing issue or is there something else with regard to your promotion strategy that you're looking to adjust? Thanks.
David H. Knopf - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hi, David. This is David. Thanks for your question here. So let me step back on pricing a little bit and let me give you some more color on Q1 and then going forward. So in Q1 we realized a fair amount of carryover pricing from last year, so you saw that we were up 1% overall for Kraft Heinz and this is really in the places that we planned, okay, outside of key commodities, so this is something that will likely last going into the rest of the year. Outside that pricing, pricing out of commodities was pretty stable for the quarter and we expect that to maintain stability going forward, so that's kind of our Q1 pricing. Going forward as a matter of practice, we don't talk about potential future pricing actions, so I won't get into that but what I will say is we continue to be very confident in the strength of our brands and we will continue to strike a balance between market share and profitable volume for each of our categories.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ken Goldman of JPMorgan. Your question, please.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Two for me if I can. You talked about the headwinds in 2Q. I just want to make sure I understand what the message is there. Typically, if you look at seasonality, EPS, EBITDA in 2Q, they've been around 10  EPS anyway about $0.10 higher than 1Q. This is exactly what the Street's modeling today, $0.99 versus $0.89. So I know you can't give guidance, but I just want to make sure we're hearing you correctly on what that similar headwinds comment meant, right? Does it mean that we should expect similar EBITDA or could seasonality still lift 2Q's EBITDA ahead of 1Q like it typically does?
David H. Knopf - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hey, Ken. This is David. Thank you for the question. So as I said earlier, 2018 is likely to be a bit less first half, a bit more in the second half, and that compares to the roughly 50/50 split that we had last year in 2017. So obviously shifting very few percentage points can cause significant year-over-year percentage changes. And on top of that, particularly in Q2, given what we're up against in terms of having the strongest EBITDA comparisons on a margin perspective last year in every geographic segment. So that's something that will be relevant for next quarter. That being said, again, I think there are three very highly tangible drivers to our kind of second half outlook. First, as I said, the transitory headwinds in the U.S., including nuts, cold cuts and Ore-Ida. These are three significant factors that should fade into the second half. Second, we have a very strong innovation pipeline and whitespace agenda across the company this year that I think EMEA is actually already kind of proving out for us, and that will gain traction in the U.S., Canada and Rest of World. Finally, on the bottom line, our savings curve should catch up to inflation that we've seen in the business and the investments that we've made in the business as the year progresses. So that's kind of, again, our breakdown for the year. And again, just to kind of reiterate what we said, the capabilities we're building in category management, brand-building, and go-to-market that we're investing this year aggressively, this will benefit us both later into 2018 and will benefit us in 2019 and going forward.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you for that. And my follow up is you mentioned, I think, if I heard you correctly, as the management team, you're going to have 60% more, and I thought I heard the phase innovation projects than a year ago. I wanted to understand what's an innovation project as you define it, and how do I reconcile the talk of 60% more projects with the sort of Big Bet strategy you've told us about in the past? Thanks.
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hi, Ken. This is Paulo. What I can talk about the U.S. innovation pipeline here. So what I can tell you is that when I compare year-over-year the number of projects and the number of dollars that we are seeing coming from innovation for  that we expect to have innovation in 2018  is growing versus 2017 and has many examples now being launched and being shipped. We have in all of these projects, one another driver that we are incorporating here. We are very focused on the incrementality of the innovation that we are launching. So we have the Just Crack an Egg, Heinz Mayo is coming, Planters Crunchers, our partnership with Food Network, a lot of new dressings. We have the Capri Sun base renovation. And on top of that, we are already entering Q2, we have 19 refrigerated and soft frozen meals, and also a very strong pipeline in frozen meals that we brought from the second half. So again, we are very happy and confident with the U.S. innovation pipeline that we already got distribution in 2018.
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Just to complement Paulo, adding to the rest of the work, you're going to have the same, the similar story that's an extension of a number of projects, right, renovation and incrementality in a set of projects that we call the Big Bet strategy, Ken. That's why it's all totally connected. That's what we call the platform launch, right? Just to name a few on the international market, we have MAX Boost in Canada. We have several in Kraft territory in Europe, right, now coming to Australia as well. We have Jif Jaf cookies in China. I have the entire Heinz baby food renovation in Europe and Asia. I have the premium line in soy sauce in Indonesia, pasta sauce in Japan. So those are some of key platform renovation that match to the Big Bet concept that you just addressed. At the same time, we are widening our innovation pipeline worldwide.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Driscoll of Citi. Your line is open.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Great. Thank you, and good evening. I wanted to ask about gross margins. Can you talk a little bit about how gross margins trended by region? And then specifically, I'd like to understand if retailer pressures are constraining the gross margins and then if it's a developed or emerging market pressure?
David H. Knopf - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hi, David. This is David. Thank you for the question here. So as you know, broadly we manage EBITDA dollars not to margin, whether it's EBITDA margin or gross margin. So, we're very focused on growing our EBITDA dollars. That being said, in Q1 you saw our gross margin overall was essentially flat versus prior year. I think two things to note on that. One, we did have a small benefit from the timing of pension and post-retirement costs and this is something that's not going to repeat, and, two, we did have another small benefit from a mix impact from a Easter shift into Q1 from Q2 that's going to work against us next quarter. Going forward, again, I'd expect sales growth to improve before EBITDA growth and before EBITDA improves and again, coming back to the fact that we have inflation coming into this year, and the accelerated investments that we're making in the business that run ahead of our savings curve, and the ramp-up in our commercial growth.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: David, though, can you just comment on a little bit on the regions? I mean, one of the most talked about issues right now in the sector is the potential pressure on gross margins and a comment on the U.S. business. I mean, the sales growth is weak so we're all wondering here. I mean, I hear what you're saying about the back half of the year, but just like your sense as to the current environment and is this pressure something that, do you actually think it would constrain your ability to manage your margins over time?
David H. Knopf - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Yeah, no. So again, I'm not going to speak to gross margin by segment or by zone for us, but again we're happy with the performance in Q1. We're running consistent with our plan for the year, and again, that plan is going to be very second half weighted with the three kind of tangible drivers that I talked about with the headwinds in the U.S. including nuts, cold cuts and Ore-Ida abating through the year with the strong innovation and whitespace agenda in EMEA and rest of the world and U.S. and Canada, and our savings curve that should catch up with inflation and investments.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow of Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hi. Thank you for the question. I was hoping that you could help me understand how your relationships with the trade have evolved. Last year, there were a series of service issues on Ore-Ida and then you also had some  I would say some pushback from a major retailer on their pricing scheme for private label and cheese and meats and then you had the Davenport issue. So are all these issues kind of being resolved now? And do you feel like the retailers have given you a clean slate and that's why you feel confident that you're seeing a bit of a tipping point here in terms of your distribution trends, your innovation trends, and your programs? Or are those issues weren't that big to begin with? Thanks.
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hi. Hi, David. This is Paulo. Hi, Rob. It's Paulo here. So, again, what I can tell you is that when you think about our service level for this year we had a big improvement. As you know, the majority of the footprint work is now behind us, so, again, we started the year with a very good and a strong service level. We have this focus issue in capacity from Ore-Ida, but beside that, all of our products and capacity we are delivering and aligned what our customers they demand. So, again, we feel it's going to place some service constraints in Ore-Ida, but overall my total service level and the ability that we are seeing to engage with the customers, to get our innovation distribution, to get our products there, to get  to negotiate and staff our JVPs (32:49) really well, so we're feeling good about this relationship for the year.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar of Barclays. Your line is open.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Good afternoon, everybody.
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Good afternoon.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi. I guess I read some comments the other day from a recent conference that were made by Jorge Paulo Lemann and basically acknowledging that 3G bought brands that they thought could last forever as he put it, but then all of a sudden got disrupted and those were kind of his words. And I realize some comments can be taken a bit out of context and such, but I guess I was hoping to, first, get your take on these comments. It's hard to know, kind of, what to make of them. And then second, maybe better understand how thoughts like this inform or impact certain capital allocation decisions for KHC. I guess, in other words, does this disruption make slower growth staple assets less interesting, even if compelling transactions from a financial standpoint?
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Thanks, Andrew. It is Bernardo. Look, let me try to address your question directly, right? I think the disruptive market and changing channels consumer habits and so on, that's happening for quite some time and that's something we have been in knowledge also for some time, right, a significant part of our commercial investments, right, that we announced at the end of last year. The $250 million to $300 million is behind new digital initiatives, right, behind e-commerce, behind new channels, behind go-to-market, behind the innovation that's coming to market to support it and behind working dollars in media as well as service. With that being said, I think, the big message here is really that there will be  we cannot have any compliance with the brands we have. It's actually the opposite. We believe in the big brands when you support them, right? When you give them the right relevancy, the right product offering in the marketplace, they go really well. It's the case, for example, if you think about Heinz in the United States, it has been growing 15% every year since 2015. The re-allowance of the Kraft brand with the Super Bowl campaign, with family greatly is giving us a lot of excited behind Kraft's new offers in cheese and other segments that can be very relevant. But it's also true to say that these big brands that have the scale, that have the profitability, right, they will need to come with new offers from different angles and different categories for smaller brands and so on. And we are doing that if you think about the case of DEVOUR on the frozen territory. If you think about Just Crack an Egg going for breakfast in refrigerated, right? If you think about the things we are doing with brands like Classico, like Cool Whip, like A.1, right. If you think about the extension of the Planters with Planters Signature and NUT-rition, right? So the combination of the two things are extremely important. So in a sense to your question, it's changed our capital allocation, mindset. My answer, it's no.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay.
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Actually, I think it's very in line with what we have been saying for quite some time, right? Our framework for capital allocation, organic and inorganic, has not changed. We continue to like big brands. We continue to like business that can travel and continue to like business that we can generate efficiency that can be invested behind growth, brands, products and people.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. Thank you very much for that color. One quick follow-up. If you expect some of the similar topline impacts in 2Q as in 1Q, plus you'll have an added headwind from the Easter shift that reverses a little in 2Q, I guess, does that suggest that 2Q organic sales could be weaker sequentially compared to 1Q? Or would you expect some sequential improvement, even with the Easter shift hurting you? Thank you.
David H. Knopf - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Andrew, this is David. Thanks for the question there. So let me walk through a little bit zone-by-zone or geography-by-geography for Q2 on the sales side. So from a topline perspective in the U.S., we expect to be kind of sequentially similar to Q1. Okay? So we still expect to see the impact of headwinds from Planters and Club and from Ore-Ida and cold cuts, as we've talked about. And again, this will be about 1.5 percentage point headwind for us. In addition to that, we have a combination of trade phasing and the Easter shift, the reverse that we saw in Q1, which combined should be about 1 point headwind for us. So overall, pretty similar to what we saw in Q1. If you look for each of the other zones in Canada, we will see the most difficult Q2 comparison driven by three factors. So first, we had retailer inventory kind of rebuild in Q2 that we will be lapping, and this was particularly strong in cheese. Two, we had a strong summer 2017 programming, which is primarily in our condiments business. And three, the fact that our innovation pipeline in 2018 is a little more second half weighted than it was in 2017. Okay? And then if you look to the Rest of World, we expect to see kind of sequential improvement through the year of the investments we're making and that we accelerated in 2018 really materialize. And then in Europe, I'm excited and continue to be confident in our strong growth for the year.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. Thanks very much.
David H. Knopf - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Yeah.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jonathan Feeney of Consumer Edge. Your line is open.
Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Thank you very much, guys. Following up on Andrew's question, should I ask really simply with all the cross-currents going on, competitors struggling, valuations coming down but the 10-year coming up 50 basis points, would you say it's a better, worse, or unchanged outlook for you as you look at the likelihood and attractiveness of doing acquisitions is my first question? And secondly, if higher freight costs remain or continue to get higher, does that at all threaten things like outsourcing, you co-manufacturing, you consolidating plants, the kind of cost savings initiatives you've been so successful with over the past couple of years? Thank you.
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hi, Jonathan. Here's Bernardo addressing the first question you had about M&A. I really don't think it changed the framework and the way we think about that. We are very long-term focused, right. We are very disciplined in the approach we have about M&A, really looking at things as two plus two is more than four. Like I mentioned in the question before, our framework to look that of liking brands, business that can travel, and synergies that can capture that allows us to reinvest is still in place. So I don't think those movements you're talking about in stock price get in the way or interest rates get in the way of this framework in this long-term framework. What is right that you said the devaluations you're seeing today are more attractive than we have seen six months ago and 12 months ago, even for us in a relatively basis.
Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Thank you. And on freight?
David H. Knopf - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hi, Jonathan. This is David. Let me take freight for you. So I'll split this into kind of two pieces. So first up on footprint, when we did the initial modeling on each of these footprint projects, we took into consideration potential kind of variable changes, whether it's fuel or other kind of costs that could potentially cause fluctuations going forward. And I'd say all that being the case, we're still very happy with what we did on the footprint side. Second, in terms of kind of inflationary pressures we're seeing, so not surprisingly we are seeing inflationary pressures similar to what some of our peers have talked about, whether it's in packaging, whether it's in oil or freight. But what I will say is while these costs are definitely higher, we certainly feel it's manageable within the context of our savings curve. And we're still kind of on plan to our 2018 targets despite that.
Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Pablo Zuanic of SIG. Your line is open.
Pablo Zuanic - Susquehanna International Group of Companies: Thank you very much, and good afternoon everyone. Look, Bernardo, my question is more about balance sheet flexibility. If you can comment in terms of potential asset divestitures that give you flexibility to fund future deals, remind us of how high can you go in terms of debt leverage post a deal. And also would there be a scenario where Kraft Heinz could end up with a dual class share structure in the future, so your controlling group can keep control as the equity base expands? And the second follow-up maybe for Paulo Baslio. I hear a lot about innovation, about different products, Capri Sun, Oscar Mayer and other things, but nothing really about coffee. Just give us an update in terms of where you are in coffee with lots of innovation from obviously Keurig, Smucker's and other companies, but not hearing much from Kraft Heinz. Thank you.
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hi, Pablo. This is Bernardo. Let me address the first part of your question. Then I'm going to ask David to comment. On the portfolio, while I can say that we, as we have been saying, we're happy with existing portfolio. I think each brand and category does play a role. For sure, they're in the different stage of their life and the categories have different performance, as expected. But in general terms, we're happy with that. Also true that after 2.5 years of integration, our understanding of each one of the category is much different. What allows us to measure the returns of each one of them and their perspective looking five, 10 years in a much better way than we would say that a year and a half ago, right. So we do look each category and each transaction in a different way. But in general I would say we're happy with our portfolio. David, do you want to complement the question, please?
David H. Knopf - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Thanks, Bernardo, and thanks for the question, Pablo. This is David. So in terms of balance sheet, what I'd say is again and I said before, we continue to be very focused on delevering. We are fully committed to investment-grade status. That is non-negotiable for us. That is top priority for us from a capital policy perspective. So I think I just want to reiterate that point. Second, on the year, we may not get all the way to our intended run rate in 2018. That's largely going to be in part due to the fact that we prefunded our post-retirement medical and part of our pension at the end of last year. But bottom line, we're very happy with where the balance sheet is. We believe our credit's very strong and getting better. We've significantly de-risked the balance sheet. We expect significant cash benefits from the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act that I talked about last quarter, and we expect considerably better post-integration free cash flow as well. So again, we feel very good about the balance sheet and are committed to our investment grade status.
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hi, Pablo. This is Paulo. On the coffee question, I think you will see that we're going to be launching  you're going to see new products in our coffee category and segment in liquid in cold brew, in ready-to-drink under Max brand, the Maxwell House brand. And also you're going to be see a lot of more investments behind the brands in the second half.
Pablo Zuanic - Susquehanna International Group of Companies: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steven Strycula of UBS. Your line is open.
Steven Strycula - UBS Securities LLC: Hi. A quick question for David. Just wanted to get a feel for the phasing of the reinvestment spend. Was first quarter the largest bulk of that to drop, or should we expect 2Q to be a little bit bigger than 1Q? That's my first question. Thanks.
David H. Knopf - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hi, Steven. Thanks for the question. This is David. So in terms of the investment profile, I'd say from a P&L perspective, should be pretty consistent through the year. So I wouldn't expect a lot of volatility there. I think it's important to kind of talk a little bit about where we're investing again, which we talked about on the last call. So first, we're investing in go-to-market and that's both in the U.S. in-store sales that Paulo talked a little bit about earlier. We're investing in e-commerce like Bernardo mentioned, as well as distribution expansion in some of our key international markets like China and Latin America. And these types of investments will largely be through our SG&A line. Second, we're investing heavily in service, and that's primarily in North America, but we're also investing in Europe as well. And this type of investment will largely flow through our cost of goods sold line. And then finally, we're investing in working media dollars, which we plan to drive in 2018 and will also be more concentrated in our SG&A line.
Steven Strycula - UBS Securities LLC: Okay, great. And then second question is for Bernardo. Just wanted to get a sense of your level of confidence in the back half revenue acceleration this year versus the prior year. In 2017, you seemed pretty confident that a lot of the summer plans were really going to come to fruition. Sales trended a bit below that. So what gives you I guess the added degree of confidence this year relative to last year? Thank you.
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hi, Steven. I think it's a fair question. Well, I think a lot's what David already highlighted before, right, the trend that we're seeing here, David and Paulo, are pretty much related to contracted or able to regain on the nuts territory. We'll be behind the constraint we have in capacity on the potato territory. Our innovation is coming really strong as we speak, right. And even with all the inflation pressure described by David, the actions which we put in place on the cost side, especially on the procurement and manufacturing side, they are very weighted towards the second half of the year. So when I look about sales and EBITDA, for sure we need to execute, but all the drivers of the joint business plans with the main clients in United States, Canada, Europe, Asia, in Latin America are in place. The main trend that we are seeing in the top categories where we're still suffering decline are in place and the innovation is coming to market. So by all means, we are seeing consumption to continue to get better in most parts of the countries we operate. So there is a lot for us to do like we have our analogy. We know still there are headwinds against us coming in Q2, but we are confident that the actions we're taking today and the investments we're putting in place will start to payout in the second half of the year carrying this momentum going into 2019.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane of Bank of America. Your question please.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi.
Christopher M. Jakubik - The Kraft Heinz Co.: If we could just take one more question, that would be great. Thanks.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: All right. Hey. Thanks. Good afternoon, everybody. Just two quick ones for me. First, Bernardo, I'd like to get your perspective on valuations. And I guess more specifically we've seen the equity markets reduce the valuations for consumer staple stocks, yet we've seen transactions within the industry sort of not come down as well given the transaction multiples. So if you can give a perspective on just kind of what you're thinking about the transaction market, just how multiples have fared. And is that at all affected your appetite at least in the near term in terms of maybe where the ask is versus what you'd be looking to bid?
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Well, thanks, Bryan. Look, as a matter of practice, we don't like to comment on rumors and speculations on our peer's transaction, right. I think what we can say, again, that our framework for M&A has not changed like I highlighted before, and we are disciplined in the sense of seeing prices and return and long-term shareholder value. Because, remember, the way we operate and invest as owners there is a very long-term perspective, right. We're definitely not traders in that sense. We look those things that we can own and create value from a longer-term job. So in that sense, we do believe that valuations are definitely more attractive today, even if you think about relative valuations. If the price is right, we believe we can move when we do find a situation that two plus two is more than four.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: As a follow-up, does size matter? Like I think there's a perception that the only type of properties you're looking at would be large transformational, but is that necessarily true? Do you look at small bolt-on and sort of large transformational simultaneously?
David H. Knopf - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hi, Bryan. This is David. So, look, I think our number one goal, as Bernardo said, is to generate shareholder value over the long term. So we'll look at any opportunity that comes our way, but we're not going to speak to any sort of hypotheticals, but again that's our number one goal, and we'll look across a number of different potential opportunities.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you.
Christopher M. Jakubik - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Great. Well, thanks everybody for joining us today. For the analysts who have further questions, myself and Andy Larkin will be around to take your calls. And for those in the media with follow-up questions, Michael Mullen will be available for you as well. So thanks very much and thanks for joining us today.
Unknown Speaker: Thank you. Have a good evening.
David H. Knopf - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Thank you.
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Thank you, all.
Operator: Thank you for your participation, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-16 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Christopher M. Jakubik - The Kraft Heinz Co. Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co. David H. Knopf - The Kraft Heinz Co. Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - The Kraft Heinz Co. Georges El-Zoghbi - The Kraft Heinz Co.
Analysts: Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc. Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Rob Dickerson - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Akshay Jagdale - Jefferies LLC Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Scott A. Mushkin - Wolfe Research LLC
Operator: Good day. My name is Liz and I'll be your operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Kraft Heinz Company's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2017 Earnings Conference Call. I will now turn the call over to Chris Jakubik, Head of Global Investor Relations. Mr. Jakubik, you may begin.
Christopher M. Jakubik - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Welcome, everyone, and thanks for joining our business update for the fourth quarter and full year of 2017. With me today are Bernardo Hees, our CEO; George Zoghbi, Strategic Advisor to the CEO and Board Nominee; Paulo Baslio, President of our U.S. Zone; and David Knopf, our Chief Financial Officer. During our remarks, we'll make some forward-looking statements that are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ due to risks and uncertainties, and these are discussed in our press release and our filings with the SEC. We'll also discuss some non-GAAP financial measures during the call today. These non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered replacement for, and should be read together with, GAAP results. You can find the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our earnings release and at the end of the slide presentation available on our website. Before we get started today, we hope that you've had a chance to review our post-integration business update that we released yesterday on ir.kraftheinzcompany.com. In it, we provided a broader update on our operating model and business plans, progress on our journey to date and our path forward. Today, we intend to build on that presentation by digging deeper into how we ended 2017 and what we expect to accomplish in 2018, both in terms of key initiatives and financial performance. And we'll keep our upfront comments today briefer than normal in order to allow more time for Q&A. So let's turn to slide 2, and I'll hand it over to Bernardo.
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Thank you, Chris, and good morning, everyone. I will start today by acknowledging that there is no question our financial results in 2017 did not meet our potential. Did we deliver profitable sales and grow our bottom line? Yes. Did we deliver to our potential? No. We had a slow start, some missteps along the way, and took some decisions to accelerate investments in Q4 that held back 2017 financial performance. At Kraft Heinz, we believe it's critical to take away clear learnings from the past year, and there were four key areas that held back our 2017 operation results. Number one is customer contracts. Here, we learned that having agreements in place, signed and sealed at the start of the year can avoid first quarter commercial activation misses and lead to better retail execution for the balance of the year. This was the story of our Canadian and Russian business in 2017. Two, it's faster actions to achieve the right balance between pricing in key commodity costs, particular in a few of our larger U.S. categories as well as our Brazilian vegetable business during the year. Three, is moving quickly and making the necessary adjustments when executing critical category and brand turnarounds, like Complan in India and our baby food business in Italy. And finally, number four, is to have better service as we ramp up manufacturing in new facilities in new production lines, eliminating disruptions and achieving benchmark levels through the process. I'm talking here about our frozen potato and U.S. meat business. The other factor that held back our 2017 financial results were decisions we took during the fourth quarter, where the H.R.1 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act was in process. This new law provides us with additional cash and incentives to accelerate investments to grow our business. So this, together with opportunity to build advantage, scalable capabilities that we outlined in the management slidecast we posted yesterday led us to decisions to aggressively accelerate our plans. In Q4 we accelerate commercial investments, particularly in marketing, in-store sales teams, e-commerce and supply chain. And this held back Q4 EBITDA in the United States. From a balance sheet and risk perspective, we also accelerate approximately $1.2 billion of cash contribution to our U.S. post-retirement medical plans and made an additional $150 million discretionary cash contribution to our U.S. pension plan. This result in a higher leverage ratio at the end of the year than we otherwise would have delivered. The second thing I think is important to acknowledge about our 2017 results is the fact that we generate solid results from investments we have been making to drive sales up and costs down. On the top line, we delivered trend-bending Big Bet innovations and turnarounds. Big Bet innovations included Philadelphia Cheesecake Cups, and Bagel (sic) Chips & Cream Cheese Dips, Capri Sun All Natural, DEVOUR frozen meals and branded frozen snacks in the United States; Planters in China and the UK; Heinz Mayonnaise across Europe, Australia, New Zealand and Latin America; Classico Riserva and Cracker Barrel Feta Cheese in Canada, and Kraft Cheese Dressing in Japan. We also drove strong gains from prioritizing our investments in the powerhouse portfolio bets in turnaround parts of our portfolio. These include significant growth in the United States on Lunchables, Philadelphia, Kraft Singles and Heinz sauces, and successful turnarounds on dry packaged desserts, and frozen meals and snacks. In fact, the Heinz brand in the United States is now 17% bigger than it was in 2015, which is a good example of the process we are going through with each category. We returned to sales growth in Europe, including the UK, after more than five years of decline, with Europe's foodservice achieving double-digit organic net sales growth. And in our Rest of the World business, we delivered solid double-digit sales growth in China through go-to-market expansion across all channels, especially foodservice and e-commerce. And now China is the biggest country in our Asia Pacific business. In Indonesia, a solid turnaround in our ABC soy sauce sachets led to strong double-digit growth and in Brazil we delivered solid market share growth of the Heinz brand. On the cost side, we drove 10% greater media cost efficiency in the United States versus 2016, resulting in almost 40% reduction over the past two years. We also made significant progress in our goal to create best-in-class operations. We invested $1 billion upgrading our manufacturing facilities around the world to enhance our capacity for innovation and product quality. These included construction of a state-of-the-art factories in Davenport, Iowa; Kirksville, Missouri; Shanghai in China, and Neropolis, Brazil, plus significant expansion investment in worldwide manufacturing capacity. We expand the reach of our global shared business service into Australia and New Zealand. We substantially completed our transformational Integration Program, delivering more than $1.7 billion of savings, net of business investment in non-key commodity inflation, and you completed an outstanding year of top tier quality performance with zero recalls. The third aspect of 2017 that I want to acknowledge is the fact that we established strong, scalable, in-house capability platforms, platforms that you can build further into 2018 and should benefit Kraft Heinz in the years to come. For instance, we established a new global online and digital structure to accelerate future growth, one that will build upon the 65% growth of our U.S. e-commerce business in 2017. We strengthened our category management tool deployment into the UK and the United States, with revenue management, assortment, discounter and planogram analysis. We began rolling out our U.S. in-store sales go-to-market model, reaching roughly 20% of our retail business, and expect it to significantly ramp up this effort in 2018. Our Kraft Heinz University training platform roll out sales, marketing, leadership and methodology academies to enable continuous learning and development. We published our first ever Kraft Heinz Corporate Social Responsibility Report with sustainability goals and targets to reduce water usage, greenhouse gas emissions, energy usage and waste sent to landfills. And through our signature Micronutrient Campaign, we delivered 135 million meals in 2017 to people in need in our fight against global hunger, part of our commitment to deliver 1 billion meals by the year 2021. To sum it all up, through the end of 2017, the investments we have been making are starting to have the impact in the marketplace that you have been expecting. We still have much to do and areas to improve, but we have established a number of capabilities and platforms to enable further gains in 2018 and beyond. So let's turn to slide 3, and I will hand it to David to cover our Q4 and full year financials.
David H. Knopf - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Thank you, Bernardo, and hello, everyone. From a total company perspective, organic net sales performance was again an improvement over the first half of the year and consistent with the drivers we outlined in our last call. Pricing was sequentially better in Q4, up 1 percentage point driven by price increases in Rest of World markets and the United States. Volume mix was 1.6 percentage points lower in Q4 primarily due to lower shipments across several categories, particularly nuts, natural cheese, and cold cuts in the United States, as well as cheese and coffee in Canada. And this masked ongoing growth in macaroni and cheese in the United States as well as strong growth from condiments and sauces in Europe, Indonesia and China. By segment, the United States was more or less consistent with our expectations, although we made a decision to invest to protect distribution in cold cuts, and that held back the contribution from pricing in Q4. In Canada, while we expected year-end 2017 retail inventories to be lower than 2016, they came in even lower than our initial expectations and look to be permanent. So this will likely translate into some headwinds moving forward. Europe was consistent with expectations, benefiting from gains in the UK and strong growth in Southeast and Central Europe where we are now selling the Kraft brand. And in Rest of World, the accelerated growth we expected in Asia from China and Indonesia was held back by more prolonged slowdowns than expected in Brazilian canned vegetables. At EBITDA, we delivered 3.2% growth and 105 basis points of margin increase in Q4. The upside was driven by a combination of gains from our cost savings initiatives, including $150 million from our North American Integration Program, lower overhead costs and favorable pricing. That said, two factors came into play during the quarter that were not part of our outlook on our last call and dampened year-over (14:19). First, while incremental Integration Program savings were $150 million in the quarter and $1.725 billion cumulatively through the end of 2017, this was partially offset by approximately $20 million of accelerated investments, mainly in marketing and service capabilities, and roughly $30 million of higher than expected freight costs. Second were unanticipated cost increases that came into play during the quarter, especially commodity headwinds in North America, particularly dairy and nuts, resulting in the strongest key commodity headwinds we faced during the year, as well as higher one-time distribution costs in certain Rest of World markets. At adjusted EPS, we were down $0.01 versus prior year in Q4 but up 6.6% for the full year. In Q4, EBITDA growth was offset by a roughly 300 basis point increase in the adjusted effective tax rate versus Q4 last year, when discrete favorability resulted in an effective tax rate well below our run rate, as well as other below the line items including incremental depreciation. As we said at the outset, while our 2017 financials did not reflect our potential, these are levels that we're confident we he can build and grow in a sustainable way going forward. But I'll turn back to Bernardo to begin our outlook.
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: I will start by saying that two and a half years since Kraft Heinz merger, our journey remains very much on track and is set up for further organic gains going forward. I would characterize our outlook as cautiously optimistic while we aggressively invest to drive profitable sales and consumption growth in both the near and long term. We're cautious on the short-term top line performance, based on four factors. One, potential headwinds from heightened retail competition in developed markets where we need to strike a balance between market share and profitable volume. Two, some known first half headwinds in the U.S. from a combination of Planters' exit from unprofitable club channel volume, Ore-Ida supply shortfalls, as well as the impact of some pricing actions and trade spend timing that are likely to mean net sales will be below consumption. Three, in Canada where carryover impact from lower retail inventories, lower promotion activity and selective build list will hold back organic growth potential in Q1. And four, is an SAP implementation we are undertaking in Brazil. At the same time, we are optimistic about our ability to drive profitable organic sales growth because we are accelerating investments, putting intense focus on our biggest opportunities to drive consumption gains in both the near and long term. These investments are focused on building our go-to-market capabilities, including in-store sales teams in the United States, e-commerce and digital investments in selected markets, and leveraging distribution and whitespace gains in developing markets, launching a strong pipeline of Big Bet innovation and renovations in the months to come, leveraging our data driven marketing capabilities, backed by the increase in working media dollars, and delivering best-in-class service to our customers in North America and Europe. While these will likely translate into near-term margin pressure in the United States and Rest of the World segments, we have been testing, learning and ramping up these programs for some time now, so we are very confident in their scalability and that the returns and profitable growth are there. As we progress through 2018, we expect to see improving results. But let me turn it over to David who will describe what to expect below the net sales line.
David H. Knopf - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Thanks, Bernardo. From an overall perspective, despite the near-term top line pressures and accelerated investments that Bernardo outlined, our full year outlook is for constant currency EBITDA growth, strong adjusted EPS growth and a significant increase in free cash flow generation. And I'll explain the drivers of each. At EBITDA, we expect to see a combination of strong net savings from both carryover integration synergies and new programs, tempered by a combination of cost inflation, including non-key commodities, freight, and people costs, as well as $250 million to $300 million we're investing in white space expansion, Big Bet innovations, go-to-market and service capabilities. Additionally, EBITDA performance is likely to be skewed to the second half, reflecting the upfront acceleration in our investments, cost inflation, particularly freight at the outset of the year, as well as the top line weakness in the U.S. that Bernardo outlines. For earnings per share, we expect growth to be driven by tax savings and our focus on profitable growth. We expect to benefit from a reduction in our effective tax rate in both 2018 and going forward. We're now forecasting a run rate in the range of 20% to 24% versus the previous 30% run rate expected prior to the passage of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. For 2018, we currently expect to be at the high end of that range or approximately 23%, down from the 28.6% adjusted effective tax rate in 2017. Also note that this will be partially offset by roughly $100 million of incremental interest expense and approximately $70 million of incremental depreciation versus 2017. Finally, cash generation where we expect a significant improvement in three areas. One is lower post-integration capital expenditures. Here we're forecasting approximately $850 million in 2018 versus $1.2 billion in 2017. As a percent of net sales, 2018 CapEx will be at the top end to slightly higher than the 2.5% to 3% of net sales run rate we expect over time, again, as we accelerate our investment activity. The second area of improvement is the impact from the lower tax rate, and the third is from opportunities we see to further reduce working capital. All things considered, we remain confident that a strong earnings profile should continue to show through, driven by a combination of profitable sales, EBITDA growth and tax savings. Even more important, we're confident that we can do this while we accelerate investments to adapt and modernize our capabilities and our brands for sustainable growth, as we outlined on the business framework presentation we posted yesterday, which I hope you will all have a chance to review. Thank you. And now we'd be happy to take your questions.
Operator: Our first question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Your line is now open.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning, everybody.
Christopher M. Jakubik - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Good morning, Andy.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: I've got just two relatively quick ones, based on last night's presentation, then just one on today's results. I guess first off just to sort of get this one out of the way, I guess, can you explain the timing of last night's presentation? In other words, why was now the right time to sort of drop that slidecast and particularly right ahead of next week's CAGNY Conference?
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hi, Andrew. Good morning. It's Bernardo. Thanks for the question. Let me start by saying that I think at the end of 2017, we closed the chapter on the Kraft-Heinz integration. And after two years and a half, I think we're pleased to say that we've delivered in all our promise that were made at the time at the merger that you all follow closely, right? That being said, now we are focusing on building the business of the future. In order to do that, we are deciding, and you're seeing that in Q4 and you'll continue to see in 2018 and beyond, to accelerate commercial investments, right? David, talking between $250 million and $300 million, behind the pillars that we believe can generate profitable growth.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Thanks for that. And then...
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: We thought it was really important to highlight to the investment community what are the pillars behind those investments and what are the things we're doing in more details than the normal earnings call, we don't have the time to do that. So we all can understand our plans moving forward, given the level of investment we're making. And after two years, I can say we are very confident in our knowledge and the scalability of the platforms we are doing from revenue management, assortment management, in-store execution, digital investments, marketing working dollars, all those initiatives have been proving to us in the right categories very assertive. Now we are deciding to scale up our investments in a big way. In order to do that, it was important to highlight those principles. That's why the timing. And a good example of what I'm saying is actually the Heinz brand example, that has grown 15% since 2015 in this country, in the United States. And a lot what's behind is exactly the pillars that you highlight during the framework. So I highly encourage each one of you to look at that and see, because that's exactly what our money and the commitment we are making to building the business' future is behind.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Great. Thank you for that. And then, Bernardo, has the company's framework and thoughts on M&A changed at all based on coming into this new zone of post-Kraft integration and given some of the thoughts in the deck last night?
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Andrew, as an M&A framework, our thinking has not changed. We continue to like strong brands, business that can travel internationally that really have more scale to be captured. And we want to have businesses where two plus two is more than four that we can capture, right? Synergies to reinvest behind the brands, the people, and the product. That being said, I think also it's fair to say that valuations today are more attractive than they were even two months ago and the chapter of Kraft-Heinz integration is behind us.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. Okay. Thanks for that. And very just quickly, lastly, would be regarding the results in the quarter, I guess I was under the impression that the pricing net of cost dynamic would be increasingly favorable as we went through the back half of the year and into the fourth quarter, and I think from some of the comments, it seems like from some additional unexpected inflation and such that that didn't happen. And I guess that led to your comment, Bernardo, about needing to be faster on pricing in order to deal with cost. And I guess I just wanted to get a better understanding of what that meant because I think for many years, Kraft has always kind of struggled a little bit with some of these large pass-through categories and kind of managing the lag that happens on the way up and the way down. And it seems like that kind of caught you a bit again. So I guess what can be done, if anything, differently there around managing that price and cost dynamic in some of those big pass-through categories? Thanks so much.
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hi, Andrew. This is Paulo. I'm going to take this one as the impact here is coming from the U.S. So when you take Q4 pricing specifically, the pricing came in line with our expectations, okay, but this was partially offset by mainly two things. The first is trade. We had higher than planned trade spend as we invested to protect the cold cut distribution that we're having and selectively address some retail competition in cheese, okay. So we spent more trade than expected originally. And also in the commodity side, we saw that the commodity volatility, mainly dairy and nuts, caused a higher commodity cost then we weren't able to price in the quarter, okay. So those are the main impacts that we see in commodity versus our expectations we had before for Q4. I think, again, going forward we see our big four commodities so far look stable versus prior year.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is now open.
Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Good morning.
Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Just two questions I guess related to the outlook. The first one is if you piece together some of the commentary about the first quarter, sounds like sales are going to be soft and also profit. So maybe, David, if you could give us a little bit more color on kind of the profile of the quarter especially in the U.S., just magnitude in terms of what those pressures will be.
David H. Knopf - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hi, Bryan. This is David. So let me hand it to Paulo to talk a little about our U.S. outlook and then I'll come back and step back and talk more about Kraft Heinz into 2018.
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Okay. Hey, Bryan. Paulo. So that's right. So we are seeing in the short term, specifically Q1, some headwinds that will cause near-term sales to be below run rate consumption. The main drags are pretty much driven by, one, Planters in club and Ore-Ida, and this will be a headwind of between 1.5% to 2% in our sales in U.S. In addition to that, we expect to see a trade phasing, including time of spend, that will be about 1.2% headwind. This specific trade phasing we expect to have the equivalent benefit late in the year. From a run rate perspective, we are seeing a improvement in our consumption trends for the measured channels during 2017. So just to give an idea, if you take out Planters in club in Q4, our consumption in the measured channels was minus 1% versus minus 1.9% for the full 2017. So a substantial improvement during the year. We also continued to see low to mid single digit growth outside measured channels, e-commerce and foodservice, that represents overall just over 20% of our sales. So we're confident that we can deliver substantial sequential improvement in 2018 as the impact from Planters in club and Ore-Ida fades and the commercial investments that we are making, go-to-market, Big Bet innovation in market starts to gain traction.
David H. Knopf - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Thanks, Paulo. This is David. So I just want to step back here again and look at the total company into 2018 to provide a little more color on our outlook. So first off, I'd say in contrast to the 2017 profile that was fairly evenly split 50/50 on sales and EBITDA first half, second half, I think 2018 is likely to be a bit less first half and a bit more second half. So what I'd say is I think we're cautious on the short term given a few different considerations. One is what Paulo outlined in the U.S. and what we anticipate seeing through the year. And on top of that, we'll be accelerating investments in capability building, particularly in the U.S., as well as other factors internationally like SAP implementation in Brazil we talked about. At the same time, we're very confident in our ability to grow EBITDA for the full year and this is going to be driven by a combination of carryover integration savings, new savings initiatives that we mentioned that we have planned for the year, as well as commercial gains into the back half of 2018. And this will be despite the $250 million to $300 million in commercial investments we're making upfront in the business, as well as some of the non-key commodity inflation we talked about. So with that, we believe that with the capabilities we're building in category management, things like marketing, brand building and go-to-market, we'll be in a much better position to deliver sequentially better growth, both into the second half of 2018 as well as into 2019.
Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you. That's helpful. And I just had one follow-up. Between last night's presentation and this morning, it sounds like the world's changed a bit since 2012. There's some need to reinvest. Has this at all changed what you have thought about what the ongoing sort of EBITDA growth profile would have been for this business versus maybe what it was when Heinz and Kraft came together? Or is this just more of a temporary step back and you still have the same growth expectations going forward long term?
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hi, Bryan. It's Bernardo. I don't think it really changed our way of thinking. And as I said in the beginning of the presentation, is we think the journey of Heinz since 2013 up to today is pretty much on track for the things we wanted to deliver and the progress we have made in the past that we have been delivering. We always thought that there would be a learning curve and more investments to come moving forward, to push the business to profitable growth in many categories. And it's exactly what we have been accelerating since Q4, with the advent of tax reform and having a better free cash flow profile. And so we did took a decision to accelerate many of the categories and things that we have in mind that were in our timeline to be done. So I don't think there is a change in that sense. It is true what I said that the integration phase is behind us. And given the knowledge you have today and the instruments and capabilities we have developed in the last two years, Heinz brand is an example, as renovation of our portfolio. And innovation is another example (34:59) that we're able to implement in a very difficult retail environment in non-commodity product is an example. All this, we're taking that and then scaling up in a big way. We start this in Q4. You already see in our P&L parts of this investment, you're going to see more. I don't think there is a change. I think really it's the next phase, like I said, building the business of the future.
Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you.
David H. Knopf - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Bryan, this is David, just to close here. So I think as we look at 2018, we could have foregone the $250 million to $300 million of investment and grown at a faster clip this year, but as Bernardo said, we decisively chose to make these investments. We think it's the best for the long-term trajectory of the business. And again, we want to be a company with significant competitive advantage going forward, not just a good company today.
Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jason English with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hey, good morning, folks.
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Good morning.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thank you for allowing me to ask a question. I guess I have two. First, to understand the savings versus investment balance. I think early on with your commitment to the savings, you always gave that sort of net of investment in the business. You clearly talked about ramping investment in the fourth quarter, yet you're still talking about the $1.7 billion savings. Should I look at that $1.7 billion as still sort of net of the incremental $250 million you put in, suggesting that gross savings may have actually been higher, or not? And then second part of that question, I'm hearing a lot about investment next year, not a lot about productivity. Do you think that we're at a point where the investment may actually outweigh ongoing productivity? Or is there still surplus savings that allow you to fund some of this and drive underlying margin growth?
David H. Knopf - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hi, Jason. This is David. Thanks for the question. So the first question I believe was more kind of 2017 looking. So again, what I'd say is we closed the Integration Program, and we're really happy with the performance there, delivering just over $1.7 billion of net incremental savings to the business. And, yes, that's correct. That's net of investments $200 million of commercial investments behind us that we made in the business as well as net of some non-key commodity inflation that was primarily logistics related that accelerated in the fourth quarter of 2017. So overall, we're really happy with where we closed the integration plan. As we look to 2018, what I'd say is, again, we're kind of short term cautious and overall confident with the profile of the business and our EBITDA trajectory for the year. And this is really going to be driven by carryover savings from that Integration Program which is really just annualizing some of the benefits that we ramped up in 2017 as well as the new initiatives that we talked about. So these are in fact new, what you may call, productivity initiatives but effectively new savings initiatives that we're planning to implement this year. And these two benefits will really fund the investments for the year, and combined with some of the commercial ramp up that we expect and we talked about, we anticipate delivering organic EBITDA growth for Kraft Heinz in 2018. And just to close, I think on top of this, with the tax savings we talked about that we've used to personally invest in the business, we'll be able to drive strong EPS growth. And then finally, with all these factors considered and with the lower CapEx and working capital we anticipate, we expect to have very strong free cash flow in the business in 2018 as well.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: That's really helpful. Thank you. And in terms of where the investment's going, I read through  I went through the presentation last night, and I walked away with an impression that there's going to be a lot of investment internationally, grasping to quotes like "transform Heinz into a more global company", 10% of countries with two or more Global Brands going to 80% in three to five years. But I'm hearing today a lot of investment in the U.S. So did I maybe walk away with the wrong interpretation last evening about, sort of, globalization initiatives? Or is that still the plan and the U.S. is really just the investment necessary to kind of keep the momentum, get the business back on track here?
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hi, Jason. It's Bernardo again. What I can tell you, that's very balanced. I don't think I understand your question, but I would say a little different. There is a large investment in the United States and also international. If you think about the pillars we're highlighting in the framework and investments David was just describing a couple of minutes ago, there is a lot of in-store execution, a lot of digital initiatives, a lot of working dollars behind brands and campaigns that we want to really take to the next level. I think the Kraft Super Bowl Family Greatly campaign is another good example of the start of the journey that's happening in Heinz with the Hum campaign three years ago, I think, in the Super Bowl. All of that (40:33) there are also significant investment internationally to take our brands to a more global place. That would be more on the Kraft and more on the Planters, and also in white space under Heinz. So those are happening as we speak. I wouldn't consider the investment focused more on international market. That's not the case. Actually, if you think about what's happening now as many of our peers are retrieving from touching the stores and investing in retailers. We're actually deciding to accelerate that, hiring more in-store execution, putting more money behind on strength of our brands, and that has a big component in the United States, a big component in Canada and a big component internationally.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thank you. Appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ken Zaslow with Bank of Montreal. Your line is now open.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hey. Good morning, everyone.
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Good morning.
David H. Knopf - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Good morning.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): I'm going to ask a different strategic question. I looked at the presentation, and you stated the increase  the need for the pressure for consolidation. But as you go through it more and more, you talk about innovation needs to be less than $100 million of sales. There's more focus on branding, personalized nimbleness. So kind of with that as a backdrop, do you think it's possible that the best strategy might be to actually refine and slim down the portfolio to have greater focus on some key brands, rather than just consolidation? I know it's a flip of what you've said, but just, if you can comment on that it'd be helpful.
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hi, Ken. It's Bernardo again. Just to start, the number we have for innovation and renovation worldwide is much higher than the number you mentioned. So I'm not going to  I'm going to get specific, but we were more than double our percentage of innovation of last three years, and we continue to accelerate in a big way looking at 2018. Actually, one thing that give us confidence that we can maneuver the short-term headwinds we have and looking at a much more stronger profile second half and beyond is exactly the innovation that's coming to market in the United States, Canada, Europe and worldwide, right. So I would say that the number is higher than you mentioned. On the second part  sorry...
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): In your commentaries, you said size matters relatively less than it used to, versus scale and speed. New product success is less likely to be defined as much by reaching the $100 million mark. I'm sorry for the misunderstanding.
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: No, so sorry.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): (43:25) more that nimbleness and smallness and being more personalized rather than having a conglomerate of brands that might distract you, I don't know if there's an opportunity to slim down the portfolio. I'm sorry.
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: No, no, no. Sorry for that, Ken. I misunderstood you. So it's my fault. What I was trying to say and I think is applicable here, that a lot of ideas doesn't need to be extremely high. I'm going to give an example. Heinz BBQ is an idea that goes to the range of $100 million. But within the brand and the portfolio is white space, what you can deliver to that is very big. So it's not only that smaller brands or not. We can scale up ideas in a big way. Planters in snacking, Kraft penetrating desserts with Philadelphia cheesecake are all ideas that scale up to those range, but scale up brands to the next level. So that's what we're trying to say. When you think about scale and portfolio, that's the second part of your question, we're happy with the portfolio we have. I think you're right, what you said, that the food industry is one that has not consolidated as much as other industries have. There are reasons why that. What I can say that within a portfolio we have today, is there will be more forces of consolidation in the industry. If that will happen, we would like to be one of them.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Great. I appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rob Dickerson with Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Rob Dickerson - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you very much. So, Bernardo, I just had a question really around M&A. I know  I realize it's the same strategy, transferable brands, strong brands for the future, but just in terms of your stock price, your valuation, I would argue, that it still sometimes gets a bit of a premium, given that expectation of industry consolidation plays out and you're in this great spot to leverage that. And then you said earlier, you said your valuations are more attractive than two months ago, integration's over, then the presentation last night there's commentary that you are in a good spot to leverage potential consolidation. So I'm just curious, any color you can give as to kind of why we haven't seen anything since really the Unilever bid a year ago. And then is the non-hostile stance, is that reducing the size of the target list or is the lower valuation factoring in? I'm honestly just trying to get a feel as to where you stand now versus a year ago, given your valuation is partially priced off of that expectation. Thank you.
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hi, Rob. It's Bernardo. Thanks for the question. Look, I don't want to get into the valuations and stock price movements and so on. What I can say is that we always have been and our history has shown over 30 years in many other business and the story of their shareholders that we always take those things very seriously. We always take the shareholder value propositions, long term, extremely carefully, and when we decide to take action, we normally very decisively, right. Also, as I highlight in the beginning, our framework thinking on M&A has not changed. We continue to like strong brands, business that can travel, and opportunities within combining companies and so where two plus two can be more than four, so we can generate the resources to reinvest behind the products, the people, the brands. That has not changed. It is true that the chapter of our integration at Kraft Heinz is behind us, like I highlighted, and also it is true that valuations are more attractive today from a very long-term proposition than they were before, if you look at two months, if you look at the near  or the time horizon, you decide it, too. That being said, we believe the things we are doing here. That's why we're highlighting here the framework of building the things that we're doing, the acceleration of investment, representing  and the things we are doing as an organic company. So we're not just focusing or taking out from everything we need to do on a day-to-day basis. I think that's framework as M&A, and as you said, continue to be in place, and that if there will be more consolidation in the industry, if that is the case, we want to be a force of that.
Rob Dickerson - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Great. Thanks for the answer. And I'll pass it on.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard with Bernstein. Your line is now open.
Christopher M. Jakubik - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Alexia, are you on mute? Can't hear you.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Good morning, everyone.
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Good morning.
David H. Knopf - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Good morning.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you for the question. Can I ask, you opened your commentary this morning with some comments about customer contracts. Could you talk a little bit about exactly what you meant by that? What was not being delivered that you expected? That would be very helpful. And then my follow-up would be around pricing dynamics. We're noticing in the measured channel scanner data that your pricing is up a little bit over 2%, I think, in the last quarter or so, but your pricing that you reported in the results this morning was only up I think 1%. Is there a reason for that gap at the moment? Is it a non-measured channel issue, or is there something going on, where the retailers are maybe taking a little bit more pricing on your products than you're actually realizing? Thank you.
David H. Knopf - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hi, Alexia. This is David here. So I'll answer your first question here, and then I'll pass it to Paulo to talk a little bit about the pricing dynamics. So very quickly on the go-to-market agreements, we've talked extensively about it. It's really related to our Canadian business where, as we talked about in Q1 in 2017, we're late to the game in really locking those agreements down. So I think that was a lesson for us that we've learned from. And what I'd say is going to 2018, I think the outlook is much stronger. We're securing major client agreements early. We're focused on the major value drivers for the business, including a solid innovation pipeline and capturing whitespace opportunities in foodservice. So I feel that we're in a much better position to perform in 2018 on the business in Canada. So with that, I'll pass it over to Paulo to talk through the pricing dynamics you asked about.
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Thanks, David. Hi, Alexia. Try to  I think I understood the question. So again, when you think about price changes, it's always difficult and always complex to execute in the current industry environment, and today they are even harder. We always look to strike a balance between market share and profitable volume, and we choose when, where, and how to compete. More specifically, we continue to focus on differentiating our products our brands, and we aggressively defend where we see the need. What I think important is that, overall, I can say that we have been able to price our brands in line with their value to consumers. So we are feeling good with the achievements we've been having on this side of the business.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Thank you. And I'll pass it on.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Akshay Jagdale with Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Akshay Jagdale - Jefferies LLC: Thank you. Thank you for the question, and thanks for the presentation yesterday. I found it pretty useful. I wanted to ask about the increased investments. So what does this say  the increased investment spending, what does this say about your view on brands and how much they matter to consumers in food? And based on that, your ability to get good or appropriate returns on them, right? There's this sentiment out there that brands don't matter to consumers in food and maybe legacy brands like the ones that you have, the large ones, aren't connecting. We don't agree with that, but I'd love to get your thoughts on that. And then secondly, are these investments to accelerate, so an offensive move, or to catch up? It seems from your presentation yesterday that you think your capabilities already, from a competitive perspective, are better than most of your peers. And so it seems like this is an offensive move. But given the 2017 results have been sort of below potential, perhaps the market might view this as more of a defensive move. So just wanted some clarification on those two and I'll pass it on after that. Thank you.
Georges El-Zoghbi - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Akshay, thank you. This is George Zoghbi. I will take this question. Well, you couldn't be more right about brands, particularly in this environment. Brands matter most because the investment behind advertising, the investment behind promotions, the investments behind new products that come to market not only helps the brand, but stimulates overall category demands for everybody who is operating in those categories. So in an environment where there is changing consumer needs and changing go-to-market model, brands become a lot more important. However, brands need nurturing and nurturing means investment and staying relevant with what consumers' needs are and what consumer wants to buy. So for us, an investment in the brand has always been important. Now we're even accelerating that to deal with an environment where consumers changing what they buy and where to buy it from. And we are accelerating the investments to deal with that. So we see now increasingly important to have stronger brands in those categories for everybody.
Akshay Jagdale - Jefferies LLC: And whether it's offensive or defensive? Thank you.
Georges El-Zoghbi - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Well, it's both. For the long-established brands, it's a defensive play to ensure that these brands stay relevant with consumer needs. And the creation of new brands like DEVOUR or like other smaller brands that we created, they are one-dimension brands that deal with one consumer need, these play the offensive part of the strategy.
Akshay Jagdale - Jefferies LLC: Perfect. I'll pass it on. Thank you.
Georges El-Zoghbi - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Thank you, Akshay.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Growe with Stifel. Your line is now open.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hi. Good morning. I just had a...
David H. Knopf - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Good morning.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Thank you. Just had a couple questions for you. Last night you touted some of your Big Bets and we heard that today as well and some success there. There was a comment you made last night about 7% of your sales are coming from new product innovation in the last three years. I think most food companies are running kind of low to mid-teens. So I'm just trying to understand, is there that much more to come here? Are you going to be more in line with, say, with an industry average? And is this part of the investments you're making in 2018?
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hi, Chris. It's Bernardo. You're right on your comment that you continue to accelerate our innovation, not only the Big Bets but the renovation of the portfolio and continue to grow that. If you take those percentage since 2013, when I started at Heinz, we more than doubled. What I think is important within that is within not only the percentage but the incrementality of the innovation, to start materialize more. As we're adding the Big Bets and so on, a lot of them you're going to see a breakthrough, white space are territories where we operate but not in that specific segment or you don't operate at all. So not only the percentage that you're talking about, we believe can continue to go higher until we can beat the benchmark in the industry that we're not today. But the level of incrementality of our Big Bet innovation needs to progress.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. And then just one other question, if I could, in relation to having access to, say, the Kraft brand in Europe. Are there incremental costs this year related to selling that product in Europe, be it internal investments or brand investments or things we need to make sure we account for since you have control of that brand in more areas now of the world?
David H. Knopf - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hi, Chris. This is David. So we did have some upfront investments in Q4 and we will invest behind that business into 2018. So you would expect to have some costs around that as we repatriate those Kraft brands.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: David, is that a meaningful component of the incremental investment this coming year? I'm just trying to get a frame of reference for how big this could be.
David H. Knopf - The Kraft Heinz Co.: No, Chris. It's not a meaningful component in the overall profile that we provided.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Thank you very much.
Christopher M. Jakubik - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Maybe one more question.
Operator: Our last question comes from the line of Scott Mushkin with Wolfe Research. Your line is now open.
Scott A. Mushkin - Wolfe Research LLC: Thanks for taking my questions. So I just wanted to frame one thing on the EPS growth. I think you said you said significant EPS growth. Is that double digit or can you size that for us? And I have one other question.
David H. Knopf - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hi, Scott. This is David. So we're not going to put a specific number around it. But, again, in terms of the overall profile, on EBITDA, we have a carryover savings coming through in 2018 from the Integration Program, so this is the annualization impact; new savings initiatives and both those combined to help and to fund the investments we're making in the business. And then, on top of that, the commercial ramp-up we'd expect through the year to deliver organic EBITDA growth. And then, how I think about it is the tax savings we expect to have that helped us make those investments will drive strong EPS growth on top of the EBITDA profile.
Scott A. Mushkin - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. And then my second question, we know we've talked a lot about M&A. But as we research this and obviously we do a lot of work in the retail channel, I'm pretty impressed by what you guys have done with your portfolio since the merger. So I guess the question is, can you, I guess, kind of walk and chew gum at the same time, it seems like you might be able to do a couple of M&A transactions that would be beneficial. And when you think about M&A, particularly in the U.S., how do you think about the categories? And then I'll yield. Thanks.
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hi, Scott. It is Bernardo. Like I said, we don't want to comment on the specific or hypotheticals here. I think just going back to the framework, this has not changed. We do like strong brands. We like business that travel and we believe when there are  we can find two plus two is more than four. We have been able to create significant long-term value, what benefits both companies that are involved in the merger. So that being said, if there will be more consolidation in the industry or not is to be proven. But if that is the case, we want to be a force in that.
Scott A. Mushkin - Wolfe Research LLC: Perfect, guys. Thanks. I know you have another call coming up, so I appreciate you squeezing me in here. Thank you.
Christopher M. Jakubik - The Kraft Heinz Co.:  Okay. Well, thanks, everybody, for joining us on the call today, and appreciate you tuning into the management slidecast. And if you haven't, I would suggest doing so going forward. For the analysts who have follow-up questions, Andy Larkin and myself will be available. And for anybody in the media, Michael Mullen will be available to take your questions. So thanks very much, and have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen...
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Thank you.
David H. Knopf - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the program, and you may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-11-01 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Christopher M. Jakubik - The Kraft Heinz Co. Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co. Georges El-Zoghbi - The Kraft Heinz Co. Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - The Kraft Heinz Co. David H. Knopf - The Kraft Heinz Co.
Analysts: David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch Pablo Zuanic - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.
Operator: Good day. My name is Shannon, and I will be your operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Kraft Heinz Company's Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. I will now turn the call over to Chris Jakubik, Head of Global Investor Relations. Mr. Jakubik, you may begin.
Christopher M. Jakubik - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hello, everyone, and thanks for joining our business update for the third quarter of 2017. With me today are Bernardo Hees, our CEO; George Zoghbi, our Former Chief Operating Officer of our U.S. Commercial Business and now Strategic Advisor; Paulo Basilio, our former CFO and new President of the U.S. Zone; and David Knopf, taking over for Paulo as CFO, most recently the Head of our Planters business. During our remarks, we'll make some forward-looking statements that are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ due to risks and uncertainties, and these are discussed in our press release and our filings with the SEC. We'll also discuss some non-GAAP financial measures during the call today. These non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered a replacement for and should be read together with GAAP results. And you can find the GAAP-to-non-GAAP reconciliations within our earnings release and at the end of the slide presentation available on our website. Now, let's turn to slide 2 and I'll hand it over to Bernardo.
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Thank you, Chris; and hello, everyone. Since our last call, there's been a lot of talk about changes in the industry and how consumer staples companies will adapt to this new reality. We believe in this fast-moving environment, the companies that are adaptable and data and consumer driven will have an edge in the marketplace. With that, I would like to start by saying our plans and our progress remains on track. Our Q3 results were consistent with our expectations for sequential improvement, and we remain confident in our ability to drive sustainable, profitable growth going forward. As far as results go, and I believe I said on our last call that, while we're not entirely satisfied with our financials, we are confident in our ability to drive further improvement going forward, and that remains the case today. Our Q3 operating numbers show a good pickup in momentum, despite the usual mix of ups and downs that come with running a global business. We saw sequential improvement in all segments, both top and bottom line. Despite some category-specific volume losses, we have been willing to accept in a few countries, some supply chain issues in the United States and other headwinds that come about in the rest-of-the-world market. What's more encouraged is that sales are starting to leverage the business investments we have been making. For instance, EBITDA growth was solid, despite the dire (3:16) balance of pricing and commodity costs not coming to as strongly as anticipated as bacon and dairy costs picked up during the quarter and pricing has yet to catch up. And we continue to improve against our goal of maintaining strong margins as savings in each region have continued to come in strong and cumulative savings from our Integration Program went $1.58 billion at the end of Q3. Going forward, there is no doubt that the retail environment in most parts of the world will remain challenged. But as the retail landscape changes from market to market, the challenge for us is the same and the same as it's ever been to adapt quickly and stay relevant in all channels. It's interesting to note the challenge we are facing in Europe, especially in the UK, at this time last year. Today in UK, you are once again delivered sustainable, profitable growth in all channels, including e-commerce and discounters, with significant opportunity across Europe is still ahead of us. The lesson is that the ability to adapt quickly is critical. For some time now, we have been talking about building out in-house capability in innovation and renovation, marketing, category management, and go-to-market capabilities for better data-driven insights and faster decision-making, and you are beginning to see the benefits coming through in the marketplace. From the growth, we are seeing our condiments and sauces portfolio in most every markets we're in, given we have been working at this the longest. To other big bet innovations, renovations, and whitespace, such as frozen meals and snacks in United States and Planters in China. To the stability and improvement in market share trends, we are seeing developed markets like the United States, Canada, Western Europe, and Australia. In the past several weeks, we have taken a detailed steps to make sure that Kraft Heinz is organizing resources in a way that puts intense focus on our biggest opportunities. We are making these changes based on our culture of meritocracy and ownership. You probably have seen our public announcements promoting George Zoghbi to Strategic Adviser, Paulo Basilio to U.S. Zone President, and David Knopf to CFO. But we have also been taking additional actions behind the scenes to improve our capability. For instance, we promoted Nina Barton, our Head of U.S. Market, Innovation and R&D to a new role as President of our Global Online and Digital Growth Initiatives, reporting directly to me. In her new role, Nina is responsible for leading all Kraft Heinz e-commerce platforms, accelerating digital transformation, and driving new online business. We also promoted Michelle St. Jacques to Head of Brands and R&D, reporting directly to Paulo. In her new role, Michelle is responsible for breakthrough innovation, the centralized parts of R&D, as well as managing brand building best practice that feed into our category teams at the business unit level. So to sum it all up, through the first nine months of 2017, the investments we have been making are starting to have the impact in the marketplace and the P&L that you have been expecting. And we have good momentum heading into the fourth quarter that should allow us to deliver profitable sales, to deliver strong earnings growth for the full year, and sets us up for further gains in 2018. So let's turn to slide 3 and the details of our Q3 financials. Starting with net sales, there are two things to highlight. First, total organic sales tilted to positive growth in Q3 with sequentially better performance in every reporting segment. And second, we had better overall volume-mix performance, driven by growth engines, such as condiments and sauces in most markets across the Kraft Heinz world; innovations, such as Lunchables and P3 in the United States, as well as solid foodservice gains in a number of key markets. As this happen, even though the United States continue to weight it down by lower shipments in nuts, cheese, meats and coffee, and the acceleration we expected in the rest-of-the-world market was held back by some one-off factors that David will discuss later, like the slowdown in Brazil and hurricanes in the Caribbean. At EBITDA, momentum picked up as well. We delivered roughly 7% growth and 180 basis points of margin increase in Q3. The upside was driven by a combination of, one, gains from our cost-saving initiatives, including $125 million from our North American Integration Program; two, lower overhead costs; and, three, favorable pricing. At adjusted EPS, we were flat with the prior year, as our strong EBITDA growth was offset by a roughly 450 basis point increase in the effective tax rate versus Q3 last year. Going forward, as I mentioned, we do expect business momentum to continue into the fourth quarter, with strong gains at both EBITDA and EPS. Now I will hand it over to George, Paulo, and David to highlight our performance and our outlook in each reporting segment. But before I do, I would like to thank my partner, George, for the contributions he has already made leading our West (10:21) business through a period of significant transformation, and to say that I look forward to continuing to work together for even bigger and better contributions to the Kraft Heinz Company. George remains a part of Kraft Heinz, and he will be deeply involved in our innovation and brand-building initiatives, our regular performance review, as well as the development and execution of our strategic plan. So, again, thank you, George.
Georges El-Zoghbi - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Thank you very much, Bernardo, and good afternoon, everyone. As usual, I will start the update for our U.S. business on slide 4. Overall, we continued to move in the right direction during the third quarter. We leveraged Kraft Heinz's scale at retail with a well-executed Labor Day event. We're seeing solid consumption gains in a number of our largest categories, including continued growth in our frozen business, Kraft American slices and Heinz Ketchup, as well as innovation-led growth from Lunchables and P3, and our renovation of Oscar Mayer hot dogs driving improved category performance. Our share performance has remained consistent overall, continuing with positive share trends in roughly half the business in measured channels, despite the strong private label push that you've seen in the past few quarters. In outside measured channels, in Q3, we began once again to deliver faster than market growth in foodservice and our e-commerce sales are up more than 70% year-to-date. That's not to say that we don't still have some market share and consumption challenges. But they remain concentrated in the same few categories we've been talking about for some time, and we understand what needs to be fixed. They include cold cuts, which continues to be a largely self-inflicted problem with delays in new equipment start-up that will, in fact, impact Q4 merchandising, sales and market share; natural cheese, where shares remain under pressure due to increasing price gaps to private label; and, finally, ongoing weakness in our Kraft salad dressing business. Overall, the fact that we're building momentum as we take significant steps to transform our U.S. business gives me comfort and confidence in handing the business off to my partner and friend, Paulo. So for the outlook, let me pass the baton to Paulo.
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Thank you, George, and hello, everyone. Let me start by saying that I'm very excited to be leading the U.S. business, and I feel good about our ability to continue delivering profitable growth, despite the fact we must keep adapting to a rapidly-changing retail environment. I think, the challenges we face and the actions we need to take are clear and straightforward. It centers on capturing several opportunities we have to drive better consumption trends, including leverage data to make our marketing as effective as possible from marketing mix to quality impressions, executing our strong pipeline of innovation and renovation, sharpening our category management skills through revenue management and assortment management capabilities, continue to invest in sales to ensure we have the right product range at the right account in the right geography, as well as ramping up our efforts outside traditional channels to capture incremental growth opportunities including foodservice and e-commerce. In the near term, I expect that we will see many of the same underlying trends that George described for the third quarter continue to play out in the fourth quarter, and positioning ourselves for a solid 2018, including the completion of our footprint initiatives is a key priority. But let me turn it over to David to better frame what we've seen and what to expect within the numbers.
David H. Knopf - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Thank you, Paulo, and hello, everyone. I'll start on slide 5 with our U.S. financials. As expected, organic net sales performance continued to improve in Q3 to a 0.4% decline. Volume/mix performance was in line with what we saw in Q2.To the plus side were consumption-led growth in Lunchables and P3, gains in foodservice and a roughly 30 basis point benefit from hurricane-related consumer pantry loading. But these were more than offset by distribution losses in nuts and cheese, as well as lower shipments in meats and coffee. By contrast, pricing began to come through stronger in Q3, reflecting higher prices in cheese and bacon to address rising commodity costs, as well as pricing in desserts that were partially offset by the timing of promotional activity versus last year in a number of categories, including Oscar Mayer cold cuts and Capri Sun ready-to-drink beverages. We also saw stronger EBITDA performance in Q3 than either Q2 or the first half, with adjusted EBITDA up 6.8%. As Bernardo mentioned, incremental Integration Program savings of $125 million between the U.S. and Canada was a key contributor. Beyond Integration Program savings, lower overhead costs and favorable pricing were partially offset by unfavorable key commodity costs, particularly in meats and cheese. On our last call, Paulo talked about a better balance of pricing and key commodity costs in the second half versus what we saw in the first half. While this did, in fact, happen, it was less pronounced than anticipated, due to a step-up in dairy and bacon costs during the quarter. Going forward, there are a couple of factors that will impact U.S. performance in Q4. Organic sales growth in Q4 will see a 30 basis point headwind from hurricane-related consumer pantry loading in Q3; as George mentioned, delayed production line start-ups impacting cold cuts; as well as the fact that we're up against the strong 2016 fourth quarter that included some degree of retail inventory build that we don't expect to repeat this year. That said, we do expect solid EBITDA growth to continue, reflecting our ongoing focus on profitable sales, as well as further cost savings that I'll speak to later. Let's turn to slide 6 and Canada, where in the third quarter we continued to see our focus on profitable sales pay off. Pricing largely reflected increased promotional activity versus the prior year, as we're essentially seeing 12 months of merchandising activity being fit into the last nine months of this year. This is due to the delay in reaching go-to-market agreements with key retailers in Q1. Volume/mix mainly reflected ongoing consumption growth in condiments and sauces that was offset by lower shipments of mac and cheese versus the prior year. At EBITDA, similar to the U.S., we had solid mid-single-digit constant-currency growth and more than 200 basis points of margin expansion. Here, gains from cost savings and lower overhead costs, as well as improved product mix, more than offset the impact of lower pricing from higher promotional costs versus the prior year. Looking ahead to Q4, we expect a similar picture to Q3 on the top line with solid underlying growth and a good level of in-store activity. However, with the strong headwind in December as we expect to end 2017 with lower retail inventory levels than seen at the end of Q4 last year. At EBITDA, grocery continue to improve from a combination of cost savings and a better balance of pricing and input costs versus the prior year. That brings us to Europe on slide 7, where we saw a very solid quarter. Pricing was sequentially better than Q2, but continued to be weighed down by trade investments to address competitive activity in our Italian infant nutrition business. Volume/mix improved to 4.1% growth, driven by strong consumption gains in condiments and sauces across the region, as well as gains in foodservice, although there was a small benefit within all of this from shipment phasing versus last year as we mentioned on our last call. Importantly, the ongoing stable consumption growth in the UK gives us the confidence that the business is on the right path. At EBITDA, we continued to benefit from volume/mix gains and strong efforts to control costs, and this more than offset unfavorable input costs in local currency driven by transactional currency headwinds. Going forward, in Europe, we don't expect organic sales growth in Q4 to be quite as robust as Q3 due to a combination of program timing and comparisons. However, we do expect to see a combination of organic net sales growth and cost efficiencies continue to drive EBITDA growth. Finally, let's look at our Rest of World segment on slide eight. Clearly, the 3.6% organic net sales growth was not the acceleration we had expected and remains a lower rate of growth than we would expect on an ongoing basis. We did see strong, double-digit gains in markets like Indonesia, China, and the Middle East, driven by the focused investments we've been making to drive condiments and sauces, as well as our Planters nut businesses, and this was very much in line with our expectations. That said, for the second quarter in a row, a number of one-off factors contributed to this performance, including an unfavorable impact from distributor network realignment, which we have seen in the past couple of quarters, but should begin to fade as Q4 progresses. We also saw lower shipments in Brazil as we've seen a general slowdown in the market, but most acutely impacting our canned vegetable business in the quarter, even though we continued to grow market share. In addition, Q3 was further held back by overhang from the GST change in India, primarily impacting our nutritional beverages business and to a lesser extent lost sales due to the hurricane impact in the Caribbean. At EBITDA, we saw the solid underlying growth I mentioned, together with the tight focus on costs show up at the EBITDA line. Adjusted EBITDA was up 6.4% in constant currency terms in the quarter and margin is now moving in a positive direction, consistent with the expectations we laid out on our last call. Going forward, we do expect the impact of the one-off factors I mentioned to fade in Q4 with organic sales reaccelerating, and this should happen despite a headwind from Chinese New Year-related shipments shifting into Q1 2018 due to a later-than-normal holiday. We also expect to better leverage the investments we've been making over the past year, driving stronger growth in EBITDA. This brings us to our outlook for the total company. I'll start by picking up on the sentiment Bernardo laid out earlier that while our numbers have not been as strong as they could have been, the impact our investments are making in the marketplace and our P&L are building the positive momentum we expect and need to continue delivering sustainable profitable growth. Our focus from here is to close out the year strong and make sure that we continue to make progress against the things that will drive positive momentum in 2018. This should play out on three fronts. First, seeding and growing organic sales. In the U.S., this means executing our strong pipeline of innovation, renovation, marketing, and go-to-market initiatives. In Canada, to sustain the recovery in our activities at retail, as well as innovation-driven gains in our grocery portfolio; in Europe, to continue improving our share performance where we currently compete as well as capturing the whitespace in front of us including the repatriation of the Kraft brands; and for rest of world growth to accelerate with the return to run rate performance in both our EMEA and Latin America regions, each driven by a combination of innovation and whitespace gains. Second, continuing to build profit momentum. On cost savings, we're now targeting between $1.7 billion and $1.8 billion of cumulative Integration Program savings by the end of 2017, or $500 million to $600 million of net incremental savings in 2017 versus 2016. Ramping up supply chain related savings will be a key factor. We're confident that the savings are there, it's more a matter of timing relative to the end of the year. Another factor at work will be business momentum picking up in the form of sequentially better organic net sales growth in the areas where we've been investing the heaviest and the levers that provides at the EBITDA line. And finally, we continue to expect a more favorable balance between pricing and input costs as we go forward with Q4 sequentially better than the third quarter. The third and final part of our outlook is below the line costs, specifically the tax line. Based on the flow of discrete items we've seen through Q3 and what we're forecasting for Q4, we now expect our full year 2017 effective tax rate to land at approximately 29% versus the 30% we think is representative of our run rate on an annual basis. All things considered, we remain confident that a strong earnings profile should continue to show through, driven by a combination of profitable organic sales and EBITDA growth. Thank you, and now we'd be happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from David Palmer with RBC Capital Markets. You may begin.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks. Excuse the background noise. I'm actually on the road. When you talk about the U.S. food market, retailing environment getting more difficult, I think there's quite a few versions of what that might mean these days. There's a lot of theories and problems that people have cited. Could you zero in on what has gotten more difficult in the U.S. food market in general this year in terms of having profitable sustainable growth? And I'll have a follow-up. Thanks.
Georges El-Zoghbi - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Thank you, David. This is Georges here. I'll take the question. There's no doubt that there is a change in the retail landscape today, and a change in the retail landscape is not something new. What is new is the frequency and the speed at which the market is changing. So we are seeing the majority  the vast majority of retailers investing to provide consumers with more shopping options. So we see almost everyone now trying at some stage in the cycle to offer in-store pickup, delivery to home, and people coming and shopping inside their stores as usual. Our job is to be agile enough to deliver the relevant offering and the bundle that consumers  that caters to consumers' shopping options. That's what we need to do, and that's where we're making the majority of our investments. For us, it is not a question that, for instance, we have to choose between an e-commerce versus a traditional channel. It is operating in every channel effectively, and that's the job to be done. And that's the job that we are focusing on.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: And does that creeping influence of e-commerce mean less pricing power? Or just simply that there is a desire from some of the bricks and mortar players for you to share in those investments? Is that simply what's happening going on right now?
Georges El-Zoghbi - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Well, for us the contribution margin from the sales in the e-commerce channel are comparable to the traditional channel because the physical movement of product is the same from us to the customers. Where we are making the investment, however, we're making an outsized investment to build our capability for the pull factor because the way consumers shop when they are in front of a screen, or they're using the mobile commerce, or they're using the voice commerce, is very different to their shopping behavior when they are walking through the aisle. And so our focus to making an investment to be able to cater for that and stimulate demand for us and our trading partners. So we will see that investment catching  the return catching up once we build scale in this area.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Georges El-Zoghbi - The Kraft Heinz Co.: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. You may begin.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi, thanks. One quick one from me and then a broader one. I think it was implied last  on last quarter's call, and maybe stated absolutely that it was expected that sequentially organic growth would improve throughout the year, so 4Q would probably be better than 3Q. David, I think, you've been talking about some of the headwinds that we might face in 4Q versus 3Q, but we have a much easier comp as well in organic sales growth. Do we still believe it is still reasonable to expect that organic sales growth for the whole company will be a little bit better in the fourth quarter than the third quarter?
David H. Knopf - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hi Ken. This is David. And thank you for the question. So to summarize my comments from earlier, I'd say in Q4 we'd expect organic sales to reflect two things. One, some one-off headwinds from the U.S. and Canada, but we do expect this to be offset by acceleration in rest of the world. So I think that's kind of the trajectory you would expect for organic sales. The other thing I would say is we continue to expect strong EBITDA growth globally into Q4.
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - The Kraft Heinz Co.: And, Ken, just to mention on Q4, keep in mind that organic net sales growth was up 1.6% last year. So it's not necessarily an easy comp.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: No, you're right. I was looking at the wrong year, and I apologize for that. My larger question in terms of personnel changes, obviously there have been some fairly major ones lately at the top. Can  I just  not to take up too much time, but can we just ask a little bit about why some of these changes were made? What, Bernardo, you think that individual strengths are in terms of David and Paolo and George, and why they are right for these roles? I'm just trying to get a little bit of a sense for why at this company's life cycle, or this point in the life cycle, these movements were taken on?
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hi, Ken, it's Bernardo. I think, it's a really good question. And if you think about it, we thought it was really the right timing to do that given that if you take the whole integration after two years of Kraft Heinz was already behind us, we went into a lot of transformational steps, not only from a result standpoint, but a way of doing business, pushing a large speed to market, to innovation go-to-market, and other things, a lot of different campaigns to products and renovation. And George has really done a phenomenal job leading us in the U.S. during this whole period. And part of his job as well was to prepare other players that could be his successor in this, and he could be helping us in a different role, what he is going to be doing that to myself, to Paulo, to the Board and so on. I think, for Paulo, after leading the finance world from this whole period since the acquisition of Heinz in 2013 was really a phenomenal opportunity for running a business and really adding to his skills and the talent he has. He understands the business better than anybody else. He had to work side-by-side with George, with myself during this whole period. So I wouldn't say I know people take by surprise, but the way you write this, it's very normal for us to have people in different areas and rotating and really adding to the business for the long run. And, David, it's really a question of, it's really a result of talent and proven results from the past, be now taking from a different  completely different role being the CFO of the company. I think, it's a great proof of meritocracy and ownership in action. So I know, it was a lot bundled together, but in the sense that something has been built for quite some time, has been  the transition has been very smooth. And really Paulo is already running the business, but David is already the CFO. George is already helping me in several initiatives like he was mentioning the e-commerce, the channel mix, things related to innovation, related to our stock plan initiatives. So I would say it's really a proof of meritocracy and speed to market when we move the company to the next level.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Matthew Grainger with Morgan Stanley. You may begin.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi. Good evening. Thanks for the questions. I just had two. First I guess for David or for Paulo. I just wanted to ask about gross margin in the quarter. It was a bit below our expectations. I'd assume the main driver of any shortfall that might've occurred relative to your own outlook was a function of that price cost balance improving a little bit less than expected. But apart from that dynamic, could you just talk about the balance between supporting the brands with trade versus advertising at the moment? Are you seeing any incremental pressure from competitive dynamics, or retailers, that's resulting in the need to reallocate a bit of money from brand building back toward trade spending?
David H. Knopf - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hi, Matt. This is David, and thank you for the question here. So to answer your question, I think there are a few things to note on how the P&L is playing versus last year. So on gross margin, as you asked, the performance versus last year really reflects two factors. So first, we've seen an unfavorable balance in pricing and commodities, with commodity inflation that we've talked about in first half and last quarter. I'll reiterate that we did see improvement in Q3, and we expect to see an accelerated improvement in this balance into Q4. And in fact with that improvement in Q4, it should enable better flow through of savings  of our integration savings to the bottom line to EBITDA. The second factor here to highlight is we did have some increased depreciation and amortization expense within our gross margin line. If you actually take this out  and it's related to the footprint projects that we've talked about previously  if you take out this increase, our gross margin actually increased in Q3 by 35 basis points. So again, we started to see the improvement in Q3 which we expect to improve with PNOC and into Q4.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks, David. That's helpful. And then just one other question, I guess following up on David Palmer's question earlier. When we're thinking about the pace of change in the U.S., there's been a huge amount of focus on the expansion of a few small but growing retailers within the food landscape, like Amazon and the hard discounters. And a lot of the risk factors being discussed are much more forward-looking than something that's really imminent or having a significant tangible impact right now, or at least it seems to be that way. So just curious to get your thoughts on what kind of tangible impact you're seeing from those retailers and how they are sort of interacting with broader industry at the moment. And then how well-positioned you are to partner with them, or in the case of the hard discounters how confident you are in remaining competitively resilient as they try and expand their presence.
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hi. This is Paulo. So when you think about the system discount  the high discounters channel, what we're seeing  and it's correct. We're seeing a push by this channel. It's causing a minute focus on product assortment and price matching by the traditional retailers. Our objective here, it's clear for us, is we need to get the right SKUs, the right brands at the right price point that should go for development channel. So for us, again, just pretty much the same idea we have in terms of the new  when you think about the e-commerce, and the new digital world. It's pretty much not a question of, for instance, discounters versus other channels, but again be able to operate with the right assortment, with the right SKU, at the right price point with the discounters and with the other channels. I think that's our main job here today.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you, Paulo.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. You may begin.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hi. Thanks. I guess a couple of questions. One is you raised your cost savings target, but my recollection is that that's also net of other costs that you might incur, inflationary costs such as freight. And with freight rising, how did that factor into your decision to raise the savings? Would it have been even higher excluding that, I guess? And then the second question is, I thought I heard Paulo comment about price matching by traditional retailers, or maybe I misunderstood. But is that a function of traditional grocers trying to match what the hard discounters are putting out there? And that's really my question.
David H. Knopf - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hi, Rob, this is David. And thanks for the question. So to answer it, I think this increase in integration savings that we saw from the $1.7 billion to a range from $1.7 billion to $1.8 billion. Again, this is net of some of the inflation and investments we talked about, so that's an all-in number.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. So it would've been higher, but are you raising your freight number in there also? Would it have been higher...
David H. Knopf - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Again, this is an all-in number, so it's net of some of the inflation investments that we've had.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. Okay.
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Yes, in terms of the  sorry. Your second question about price matching. So we're seeing some private label matching between retailers that are creating a bigger and wider gap versus the branded product for some specific customers.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay, that's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. You may begin.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Hey, good afternoon, everybody.
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hey, Bryan.
Georges El-Zoghbi - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hi, Bryan.
David H. Knopf - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Good afternoon.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Hi. So I guess my question is just around the EBITDA performance year-to-date, right. So I think currency  constant currency adjusted EBITDA is up 2% versus last year through the first three quarters. So can you give us a sense of where that stacks up versus, I guess, what your internal plans are? And also, I guess, there is an implication that EBITDA growth will be a little bit better in the fourth quarter, but just kind of where you are tracking versus plan? And I guess related to that, SG&A was pretty low this quarter, so trying to get a sense  I guess, some sense in there about how much of that is sustainable? Or are there some factors that drove SG&A down in the quarter that we should think about maybe not repeating?
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hi, Brian. It's Bernardo. Let me take the first part of your question about the performance evaluation, and then I'm going to ask David to follow-up on the SG&A piece. I think it's reasonable to say that after the first quarter that that has been a weaker quarter for us and for the industry in general, right? And we have been significantly progressed, month-by-month, quarter-by-quarter, and when you compare the second half with the first half, we continue to make core progress in almost all geographies and all channels, right? That's something we have been highlighting on calls. George has talked about that several times as well, and we are pleased to see that coming, right? So when you see our profitable growth agenda to mean investments of big bet innovations, go-to-market, digital growth, whitespace food service, efficiencies on the marketing side. They are all materializing, right? And it's gaining momentum as we speak. So we are pleased to see that. On other hand, you're right to say that we have some short-term headwinds that really doesn't  that doesn't change the growth potential and the way we are seeing 2018 and beyond. And you're also right to say that we should continue to see the acceleration of our EBITDA growth looking fourth quarter, right? Especially with the savings curve materializing the way we wanted them to do it. We finalizing our footprint initiatives, we are raising our all-in base of the savings, so we should see more of that in the fourth quarter, especially in the bottom line worldwide. With that, I will pass to David here to comment on specific on the numbers.
David H. Knopf - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Thanks, Bernardo. And hi, Bryan, thank you for the question. So on the SG&A line, I'd say we did see a significant decline versus prior year as a percentage of sales, and that really reflects lower people cost that we've seen, as well as ZBB savings versus prior year. The one thing I want to note to address your question is as you update your models, you should not straight-line the SG&A as a percentage of sales like you saw on year-to-date in Q4  or sorry, year-to-date in Q3 into Q4, because we do have some seasonality in this line item.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: And just to be clear, in SG&A, has there been any change in like comp accruals? Have you had to take down comp accruals at all this year, because you're tracking behind plan? Or has that been a factor in the lower SG&A, I guess?
David H. Knopf - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Yes. So I'd say if you think about EBITDA for the year  sorry, for Q3 globally, we saw strong EBITDA growth up $120 million to $130 million. That was really driven by two things. One, cost savings in North America, as well as growth in Europe and rest of the world. So if you look at North America, we're actually up $100 million, and the difference there, the $30 million, is really driven by Europe and rest of world. So in North America, we have the benefit of $125 million of integration savings. The delta there, the $100 million growth in EBITDA, was really driven by the unfavorable balance of pricing commodities that we talked about, which did improve in Q3, but was still had one for us, and that was partially offset by savings in the business. So that's kind of the rough trajectory of EBITDA versus prior year.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Pablo Zuanic with SIG. You may begin.
Pablo Zuanic - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you. One question for George and one for Bernardo, please. So, George, we hear a lot from the retailers that private brands are growing, that the good retailers are there, Wegmans, Costco, H-E-B are the ones that tend to have very more developed private label programs and that others may want to catch up. Do you see that? Do you expect that? And how does it affect your business? And then the question for Bernardo, and it's a bit philosophical. I would argue that a lot of your categories, Bernardo, are what I'd call more like commodity type nature whether it's cheese, cold cuts, even coffee, your brands are more on the commodity side, if I look at Maxwell House. So how do you adapt that portfolio? A, do you buy other brands' new categories? Do you enter licensing agreements with brands that are stronger? Or do you even enter private brands as a business? And I say that because your skill set, there are some questions on the marketing side, but I'm sure your skills are there, but your skill set clearly is on scale, in operations, in cost savings. So given this new retail landscape, why not make a bigger bet on private brands and operate private brands as well as you manage your own brands, have more scale and maybe help margins. Thanks. Maybe, George, you can answer the first question first. Thanks.
Georges El-Zoghbi - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Thank you, Pablo. I will answer the first question, and I will hand it over to Bernardo to answer the second one. You are right. This year, we have seen, after a long period of being flat, a renewed focus on expanding the total distribution points or the TDPs of private label and some push on promoting private labels as well. And major part, that was to ensure a competition with new entrants expanding in the marketplace. Now, the impact on us varied by category. In some categories, we benefited because to make way for the increase in total distribution points, some of the brands were taken out of the categories, and therefore the category performance improved when retailer reduced the number of offering of low-velocity product and went into high-velocity products. So you see that very noticeable in our ketchup business, in our Kraft American slices business, in our beverages mixes business, and our ready-to-eat dessert business. On the other hand, by contrast, when retailers did not play with the assortment, but they resorted to price matching and having a very competitive private label with the expanding discounting sector, the gap between the branded and non-branded pricing expanded. And in those categories, we saw loss of market share. An example for that is the natural cheese. At the end of the day, we still manage to have about 50% of the business maintaining or growing share, and we will continue to invest in the quality and innovation and renovation and advertising to win in the marketplace across all our major categories. So that's where we landed. Bernardo?
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hi, Pablo. Bernardo. About your questions about what you call more commoditized categories, and so, I think it's important to highlight two things. One, those are categories that you have been doing a lot of good work on renovation and bringing things to market on a different way, right. I think the hotdog example is a good example. The innovation in Planters Signature nutrition and others is another good example. On the cheese category with several different offerings within  from Philadelphia, but to the natural cheese and singles. It's another. So  and those are categories which  that are really very, very  tend to be extremely profitable, with high margins in all them. So in order to make this analysis we're making, I think it's good to see the profitability and the way to go to the category in a more longer-term view, right? That's always help. The second piece to our question, that we tend to like more the scale and then the things that you're going to need investment in growth. I tend to disagree with that because if you look the story of the last two years since the merger, we were able to really achieve significantly margin increase within our business, keeping the same level of growth as our peers. Now recently, looking at 2017, in most parts of the categories we are growing better than our peers. Right? Because of the agenda looking at innovation, the go-to-market, the marketing, the digital channels, the foodservice whitespace and so on. So even though I believe and we said that in the call many times, you have much more ahead of us not only for the year, looking into fourth quarter against third quarter and so on, but looking 2018, 2019 and beyond. Many of the categories we have today, we're in a much better place as we speak, and George have been highlighting that, than you were a year ago or two years ago. What make us excited about the momentum were coming and looking at 2018 and 2019.
Pablo Zuanic - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jonathan Feeney with Consumer Edge Research. You may begin.
Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Good afternoon. Thanks very much. This morning, there was an article in The London Telegraph about a number of leading CPG companies who are participating in a pilot exchange that effectively cuts out  potentially cuts out some major retailers. And I guess, it's  it got me thinking, why isn't it  what stops something like that from happening in North America or more broadly? And what got me thinking, why is it inherently margin negative for retailers to fragment? You named  you just named some brands that have performed very, very well as retailers have been forced to reset shelves. Why isn't that the case that there's ways to go more direct to consumers; maybe partner more aggressively with existing e-commerce players to create not only  not only create a more rational market, but create greater leverage for your brands and for yourself? Especially in those businesses where you have high brand share, high penetration and the high can't-live-without-it factor for retailers? Just your thoughts on that. Thank you.
Georges El-Zoghbi - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Thank you, Jonathan. When we reviewed our e-commerce strategy as we built the team, we looked at all options, and we felt and we decided that the most efficient option from an end-to-end supply chain is to partner with retailers because of the scale that they provide for everybody. And we decided that for the physical movement of product, we keep using central distribution warehouses to get the physical movement of product to retailers and our investment is better made to build a relationship with the consumers and convert these consumers as customers of our trade partners. And this is where we're investing the money, this is where we're putting our resources. And from the pilot that we did, and we had a number of initiatives that we tested in the marketplace, it proved very efficient, profitable, and can deliver growth for both of us, ourselves and our major customers.
Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Thank you.
Georges El-Zoghbi - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Thank you, John.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Driscoll with Citigroup. You may begin.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Great. Thanks a lot. Good evening, everyone. I had two questions. The first was just a follow-up to David regarding the changes to the asset  the asset footprint. You said something earlier about if you excluded the higher depreciation that gross margins would have been up. And the only thing I'd like you to explain is that I thought the concept is that you put all this new fancy equipment in because it gives you lower operating costs. One of the negatives, of course, is higher depreciation for the brand-new equipment. But isn't there a significant positive because there's lower operating costs? So if you take that part into account, can you still do the margin computation that you gave us saying that ex the depreciation, gross margin would've been up?
David H. Knopf - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hi, David. Thank you for the question. So I think to answer your question, like I said, we had an increase in depreciation related to the footprint which if you strip this out we would've had increasing gross margin of 35 basis points. So I think the disconnect there is really timing related relative to the ramp up that we would see in some of these programs relative to the CapEx that we have to spend.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. Europe. You guys mentioned that you are taking back some of the licenses, or the licenses that reverted back from Mondelez. Can you spend a little bit more time and talk about this? I think this can have a reasonably significant impact over time. But I would like to hear exactly what brands have come back or what products have come back to you and what are your plans going forward to enhance your European business with these licenses?
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hi, David. It's Bernardo. That's correct. We came to an agreement with the Mondelez and had the brands that were under Kraft name actually, and Bull's-Eye another brands within continued to come back to us this fourth quarter. What really, I think, allowed us to already start talking to retailers and to plan properly 2018 and accelerate our plans moving forward. We are excited with that because, especially the Continental Europe get us more and more presence in scale in condiments and sauces business, that's for sure a category that's strategic for us and one that we want to expand our presence worldwide within that and that happens. We did do a discussion, when you look at Germany, Italy, Spain, and some other countries within Continental Europe. By having the brands now, like I said, allowed us to really move at a faster pace to our plans already for next year. The biggest product next year that's coming back is really Kraft Mayo, but we also have to have other sauces in barbecue, even ketchup, and others that are also coming back with the repatriation of the brands especially on the Kraft name.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Can you give us any sense of scale as to what revenue this will contribute next year?
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: We are not giving the numbers now for sure. We're working the plans what this can be. I think the first step is really to have them in-house and really establishing and keeping the commercial relationship as it is today, and then from there you're going to see what can be growing and how we can scale to our distribution and so on. It will be more looking at through second half next year when you can have them completely in-house the way we would like to, but I would say it's a good start of the process.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thank you so much. I'll pass it along.
Christopher M. Jakubik - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Great. If we could take one more question, that would be great.
Operator: Our last question is from Andrew Lazar with Barclays. You may begin.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Good afternoon. So I guess my one question is we've seen a pretty severe devaluation in the food space irrespective of the last day or so. And I guess as capital allocation is such a large part of KHC's story, I guess I was wondering what you can comment on in terms of the company's ability to take advantage or monetize some of that  or some of these stock moves, and maybe use it to your advantage? And I guess, in other words, why wouldn't KHC be able to move faster on some of these capital allocation decisions in this kind of an environment where there would seem to be some additional opportunity?
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Thank you, Andrew. It's Bernardo again. I think your question makes a lot of sense. I think it's important just without commenting on any specific or hypothetical names, or to say that our framework has really not changed within the M&A strategy and capital allocation. Your right to say I don't think it's a question of speed or not speed. We have proven in the past that we are disciplined and know how to allocate capital, and we have proven in the past also that we know how to be fast when applicable. I think it's coming back to the framework, the three things we have been saying for quite some time are still in place today in an important way. First, we do like brands that can travel, not only through geographies but to all channels. That's an important consideration for us. Second, we do like good categories and business that we believe can be sustainable for the long term. And third, the right valuation, the right value creation for the long-term is critical. When you find this combination that really allows us to say that two plus two is more than four, we can't move at a fast pace one when we can. We can add to our portfolio and really create within a Kraft science project something bigger, again when you find the two plus two, that's more than four. Your question about the right valuation what's happening in the market, that doesn't change our long-term perspective and our framework. You are right to say that the companies at those valuations and so really create a much more long-term value creation to the captor if they fit the framework. You are right to say so.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. Thank you very much for your perspective.
Operator: Thank you. I would now like to turn the call back over to Chris Jakubik for closing remarks.
Christopher M. Jakubik - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Thanks very much, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today. For the analyst with follow-up questions, myself and Andy Larkin will be available, and for anybody in the media with any follow-ups, Michael Mullen will be available for you. So thanks again for joining us and have a good night.
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Good night.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thanks for your participation, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-08-03 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Christopher M. Jakubik - The Kraft Heinz Co. Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co. George Zoghbi - The Kraft Heinz Co. Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - The Kraft Heinz Co.
Analysts: Rob Dickerson - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc. David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Steven Strycula - UBS Securities LLC Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Michael S. Lavery - Piper Jaffray & Co. John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co. Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC
Operator: Good day. My name is Chelsea and I will be your operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Kraft Heinz Company's second quarter 2017 earnings conference call. I will now turn the call over to Chris Jakubik, Head of Global Investor Relations. Mr. Jakubik, you may begin.
Christopher M. Jakubik - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hello everyone, and thanks for joining our business update for the second quarter of 2017. With me today are Bernardo Hees, our CEO, Paulo Basilio, our CFO, and George Zoghbi, the Chief Operating Officer of our U.S. Commercial Business. During our remarks, we'll make some forward-looking statements that are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ due to risks and uncertainties and these are discussed in our press release and our filings with the SEC. We'll also discuss some non-GAAP financial measures during the call today. These non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered a replacement for and should be read together with GAAP results. And you could find the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our earnings release and at the end of the slide presentation available on our website. Now, let's turn to slide 2 and I'll hand it over to Bernardo.
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Thank you, Chris, and hello, everyone. To begin our review today, it's important to recognize that clearly not everything went our way in the first half. Canada, India and commodity cost in United States are just a few examples. But given all that's going on in our industry at the moment, it is good to report that we remain on track with all our overall plans and confident that we will gain additional business momentum in the second half of the year. This is because we continue to make progress against our agenda for 2017 in the three objectives of our long-term strategy. On the top line, while we are not satisfied with our first half numbers, we are not discouraged with our ability to drive sequential improvement in organic sales and deliver our 2017 plan for profitable growth. So far in the year, our Big Bets and whitespace initiatives from last year have been the main driver and that's very encouraging for the perspective of sustainable growth. George will speak to that for the United States. Outside the U.S., we're this play out through positive investment-driven consumption trends, driven by our condiments and sauces portfolio, in Canada, Europe, Latin America, Asia and Middle East. At the same time, we have been laying the groundwork to capture additional whitespace opportunities. That includes the significant commercial investment to drive top line growth in our EMEA region that we have spoken about before. It also includes our Latin American investment in people to increase distribution across traditional trade, modern trade and foodservice in Mexico, as well as expand our distribution footprint in South America. So overall, we believe we have a strong pipeline to drive profitable sales growth going forward. I In terms of our goal to establish industry-leading margins, we remain on track with our cost savings initiatives. Our total savings so far in 2017 have been stronger than expected. Cumulative savings from our Integration Program were approximately $1.45 billion at the end of the second quarter. And all three areas of our program are contributing: renovation structure, ZBB and procurement, and manufacturing footprint. It's true that we have had known key commodity costs as a headwind so far in 2017. More important, however, we are improving execution in all areas of the business. In operations, we have either kept or enhanced our K-through rate, safety and product quality metrics. In marketing, we are supporting our brands with a greater number of quality advertising impressions. At the same time, we have invested to build new in-house ultra market capabilities such as revenue management and assortment management with objectives of driving these capabilities globally. Finally, on the capital structure front, in the second quarter, we took additional actions to deliver superior return of capital and continued to strengthen our balance sheet. As we previously said and consistent with our commitment to an investment grade credit rating, we paid down $2 billion of debt within two years of closing the merger of Kraft and Heinz. And as you saw today, our board of directors set a 4.2% increase in our quarterly dividend to $0.625 per share or $2.50 on an annual basis. That's a broad overview of where we stand after the second quarter of 2017. And consistent with our plan, we remain in a good position for profitable top line growth and EBITDA gains to drive solid EPS growth for the full year. Let's turn now to slide 3 to review the details of our Q2 financial results. As it relates to today's company sales, there are two things to highlight. First, sequentially better organic net sales performance driven by volume/mix improvements in the United States, Canada and Europe. And our volume/mix did improve despite some significant headwinds in our Rest of the World markets that Paulo will discuss later. Second, pricing was sequentially lower due to promotional timing in the United States and Canada. At EBITDA, quite simple, our second quarter results reflected the strong incremental cost saving initiatives, primarily from the $180 million of incremental savings delivered by our North America Integration Program. And these savings more than offset several headwinds including higher key commodity costs in North America, lower net sales as well as investments in the Rest of the World markets behind growth initiatives. At adjusted EPS, we still see strong growth mainly driven by the refinancing of the preferred stock as well as some tax favorability. Going forward, as I mentioned, we expect to continue our business improvement in the second half of 2017 with the combination of profitable top line growth and EBITDA to be the main drivers of EPS growth for the full year. Now I will hand it over to George and Paulo to highlight our performance in each reporting segment and what to expect in each area going forward. George?
George Zoghbi - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Thank you. Thank you, Bernardo, and hello, everyone. Let's turn to slide 4 and our performance in the United States. To start, you will note that we did not provide the consumption bridge for the U.S. that we have in the past. This is due to a growing divergence between our sales performance and measured-channel data and our desire to provide you with a clear, concise picture of how we are doing. While it's true that we're operating in a challenging and rapidly changing environment, we do not believe that our challenges are to the degree that measured-channel data currently suggest. What is clear is that we had a sequential improvement in net sales from Q1 to Q2. So as Bernardo said, while we're not satisfied with our numbers, we are not discouraged with our ability to drive sequential improvement either. In the second quarter, we started to see better leverage of Kraft Heinz scale at retail in the form of increased in-store activity, with several scale events including Easter, Memorial Day and our Feed Your Family, Feed The World cause-related event. We're also seeing solid consumption gains in a number of our largest categories, including strong growth in our frozen business after years of decline behind the introductions of Devour and SmartMade brands, as well as solid performance in frozen snacks, ongoing growth in our Kraft American Slices, Philadelphia Cream Cheese and Oscar Mayer Bacon portfolios from recent renovation and innovation as well as innovation-led growth in the on-the-go arena from Lunchables and P3. And we are encouraged that our share performance was stable overall considering a back half weighted set of initiatives. That's not to say that some consumption challenges remain, but they are concentrated in few categories: natural cheese, mainly due to aggressive competitive pricing in the category; cold cuts as we rebuild our end market distributions and resume merchandising after the self-imposed restriction due to capacity constraints during 2016; and finally ongoing weakness in salad dressings. Another factor that gives us confidence in strengthening our performance at retail going forward is the fact that we are enhancing our capabilities in a number of disciplines, including revenue management as a platform for more informed, data-driven decision making to support our efforts to drive category growth, assortment management to ensure we're getting right product range at the right account in the right geography, as well as ramping up our e-commerce efforts, where we saw more than 60% growth in Q2, albeit from a base of roughly 1% of our U.S. retail sales. In addition, roughly 70% of our footprint-related production line startups were completed by the end of the second quarter, and more is happening as we speak. So, moving forward, we continue to believe we can drive sequential improvement and profitable organic growth from Q2 to the second half of the year. At retail, we expect to further leverage our scale for better in-store activity going forward and more of it in Q3. We also have a strong pipeline of innovation, renovation and communication to drive improved back-half consumption trends in key categories and some of our more challenged categories. In Q3 alone, you will see robust support of Capri Sun Sport and Capri Sun Organic, more activity in our meals business including Cracker Barrel Oven Baked Mac & Cheese as well as the second half of grilling season with our renovated line of Oscar Mayer Hot Dogs. With that, I'll turn it over to Paulo.
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Thank you, George, and good afternoon, everyone. I will start on slide 5 with our U.S. financials. As expected, we delivered a sequential improvement in organic net sales performance, a 1.2% decline from a 3.5% decline in Q1. This was driven by sequentially better volume/mix performance that reflected the Easter shift, which added roughly 40 basis points of growth versus the prior year, as well as solid gains in our frozen, mac & cheese and condiments. We also continued to see volume/mix headwinds from distribution losses of certain products in measured channels, primarily club that affected our consumption numbers in cheese and meat, as well as lower shipments in foodservice, but we expect these two areas to improve as the year progresses. On the pricing front, lower pricing in Q2 reflected a combination of higher price in cheese, mainly to address a rise in daily curve that was more than offset by a negative impact from the timing of trade promotion recognition in the prior year. Moving to EBITDA, our second quarter EBITDA was up 3.2% and EBITDA margin rose 140 basis points. As Bernardo mentioned, this was driven by incremental integration savings that amounted to roughly $180 million between the U.S. and Canada. And this more than offset unfavorable key commodity costs, particularly cheese and coffee in both retail and foodservice channels that continued to hold back gains in Q2. I will note here that roughly $40 million of the cost savings we realized in Q2 were due to the timing of overhead, and other costs versus the prior year. And looking forward, this will likely mean that we see a lower level of incremental savings in Q3 relative to Q2. Let's turn to slide 6. In Canada, where in the second quarter, we saw foreign exchange headwinds return, but this momentum began to resume. Volume/mix gains reflected resumption of normal retail activity during Q2, as well as a strong consumption growth in condiments and sauces. These gains were somewhat offset by the discontinuation of select cheese products at retail. Our volume/mix headwind, that we expect to be a factor again in Q3. In terms of pricing, lower pricing in the second quarter, largely reflected an increase in promotional activity versus the prior year. At EBITDA, we had both growth and margin expansion resume in Q2. Constant currency EBITDA was up 2.3% and EBITDA margin was up roughly 150 basis points versus Q2 last year. This was driven by incremental cost savings that were partially offset by the impact from an increasing promotional activity. Importantly, our second quarter performance in Canada shows that the go-to-market agreements achieved with our key retailers are in fact a win-win proposition and it can drive profitable growth going forward. As a result, we remain confident that we will continue to see improving trends in the growth and profitability of our Canadian business during the second half of the year. That brings us to Europe on slide 7, where we also saw sequential improvement in volume/mix growth. Similar to Q1, strong currency headwinds continued to be a factor in the results, and pricing declined due to the timing of promotional activity in the U.K., as well as trade investments to address competitive activity in our Italian infant nutritional business. Volume/mix improved, driven by strong consumption gains in condiments and sauces, as well as gains in foodservice and this came despite the headwind from shipment phasing last year that we mentioned on our last call. Importantly, the ongoing stable consumption growth in the U.K. give us the confidence that the business is on the right track. EBITDA, we continue to benefit from volume/mix gains and strong efforts to control costs, especially within manufacturing. However, this was more than offset by unfavorable input costs in local currency, driven by transactional currency headwinds, as well as the impact from lower pricing. Going forward in Europe, we expect to see profitable, investment-driven net sales growth as the key driver to EBITDA growth and this should come from both existing markets and categories as well as whitespace initiatives. Finally, let's look at our Rest of the World segment on slide 8. In Q2, organic net sales growth decelerated to 3% from 8.1% growth in Q1, and a lower rate of growth than we would expect on an ongoing basis. What I would highlight here, however, is that more than a 100% of the quarter-to-quarter deceleration was due to two factors that we do not expect to repeat going forward. One, was a negative impact from the general sales tax regime in India, that you have heard a number of our global peers talk about recently. Two, was a holiday-related shipment timing in Indonesia related to the shift in the Ramadan holiday versus last year. And unfortunately, these more than offset strong double-digit gains in China, Brazil and the Middle East as well as growth in condiments and sauces across most of our other markets. Going forward, we expect organic sales to reaccelerate as comparisons in Indonesia will ease and India should return to more normal shipment patterns with distributors. However, it's important to note that we are unlikely to regain the Q2 volume loss in India during the third quarter, mainly due to the seasonal nature of a part of our business. At EBITDA, recall that our plan for 2017 is to invest aggressively in marketing, go-to-market capabilities and product development upfront and that this would hold back margin expansion versus the prior year. We saw these in Q1. In Q2, results continued to reflect significant commercial investments to drive growth in our EMEA region and to a lesser extent Latin America. However, the distinction I would make is that the decline in adjusted EBITDA this quarter primarily reflected a very strong margin comparison to the prior year. In fact, this quarter's EBITDA margin was at 21.2%, bringing us to 19.4% for the first half of the year, and just roughly one point below what we saw for the full year in 2016. Looking forward, we expect second half organic sales growth to accelerate from the first half levels, and better leverage the investments we've been making. Which brings us to our outlook, I will echo what Bernardo and George said earlier. Despite a number of headwinds we faced in the first half and considering that we are operating in an increasingly challenging environment, we remain confident that we can improve our performance going forward. As we've said before, we expect sequentially better organic growth in the second half of 2017 versus the second quarter just reported. We have a strong pipeline of marketing, go-to-market and product quality initiatives to drive profitable organic growth, including further whitespace gains. We expect the sequential improvement in Canada to continue, driven by sustained recovery in our activities at retail as well as innovation driven gains in our grocery portfolio. In our Rest of the World segment, we expect innovation and whitespace gains to drive accelerated growth in both EMEA and Latin America. On cost savings, we are still targeting $1.7 billion of cumulative Integration Program savings by the end of 2017, or $500 million of net incremental savings in 2017 versus 2016. As far as the timing of savings is concerned, we've achieved roughly $280 million of net incremental savings in the first half of the year and expect the remainder in the second half. As I mentioned earlier, so far this year, savings have come in stronger than anticipated. But at this point, we are not ready to call upside to the $500 million of net incremental savings for the year. Along these lines, I would also note that a combination of cost saving and the ramping up of footprint-related savings is likely to mean that we see less than half of the remaining 2017 incremental savings in Q3. Turning to EBITDA and EPS, the obvious question is how we are going to drive strong EBITDA growth in the second half with less than half of our remaining 2017 incremental cost savings. The answer is, a combination of underlying business momentum and comparisons versus the prior year. In the first half just completed, our strong pace of cost savings resulted in a slight decline in constant currency adjusted EBITDA. This was due to slower business momentum in the form of rising key commodity costs, organic sales headwinds in Canada, Europe and India and upfront investments ahead of further innovation and whitespace expansion in our Rest of the World markets. It also reflected comparisons against our first half 2016 that benefited from strong favorable pricing net of key commodity costs in North America. By contrast, the second half of 2017 should in many ways be a mirror image of the first half. We continue to expect a strong stream of cost savings, but our business momentum should be pick up significantly as we see sequentially better organic net sales growth leveraging the investments we've been making, as I just described. And comparisons versus the prior year should ease, reflecting a more favorable balance between pricing and input costs. Finally, there is one housekeeping item I should mention related to tax. Given the favorability from discrete items we've seen through Q2, we now expect our full-year 2017 effective tax rate to fall between 29% and 30% versus the 30% we think is representative to our run rate on an annual basis. That said, our effective tax rate in Q3, will likely be higher than our full year run rate as we currently expect net discrete items turn unfavorable. All things considered, we remain confident that the strong earnings growth should continue in the second half of the year, driven by a combination of profitable organic sales growth and margin expansion. Thank you. And now, we'd be happy to take your questions.
Operator: And our first question comes from the line of Rob Dickerson with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Rob Dickerson - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you very much. So, I'd say good job in Q2, I think the sequential improvement we saw from Q1 is obviously a positive. Just in terms of your expectation into further sequential improvement that's expected in the back half of the year, I guess one is, you've spoken to Q2 being better than Q1, and the back half being better than Q2, but is I guess, one, should Q3 be better than Q2 and Q4 be better than Q3? And then secondly, as you speak about your leveraging the scale in retail and the investments that you're making, just wondering if you could give us one or two explicit examples of what investments you are making and how some of the innovation has already been playing out well? Thanks.
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hi, Rob. This is Paulo, so in terms of the outlook, yeah, as I said, we're expecting sequentially better organic sales growth and our view is that and the call that we're having today is that we're seeing improvement in the second half versus our Q2 results. We're not breaking down this number for Q3 and Q4, but we expect today's improvement in the second half versus Q2 in terms of organic growth. Want to ask George to talk about the second question.
George Zoghbi - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Yeah, Rob, this is George Zoghbi. As far as the second half, we believe the performance will improve compared to Q1 and Q2, we'll continue to see sequential improvement driven mainly by three things. One is the innovation that we have launched early in the year is building up to a higher ACV and then we turn on the advertising behind it. Number two is the in-store execution. We expanded the business development team for in-store execution. And number three, we already announced a number of price increases to cover for the commodities that constituted headwinds for us in Q2, so the three actions here will help us for further sequential improvement in the second half of the year. I think the same is applicable for the Canadian business and the Rest of the World, in Europe and Latin America already doing better second quarter to continue their journey.
Rob Dickerson - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Fair enough. Thank you.
George Zoghbi - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Your line is open.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Good afternoon, everybody.
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Good afternoon.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: So, on the cost save side, it looks like you delivered pretty strong cost saves in the quarter, and I guess my question is I guess why didn't more of that translate I guess dollar to dollar into EBITDA and perhaps as part of that you can give us an idea of the shape of the year in that context?
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hi, Andrew. This is Paulo. So just to  let me break down the EBITDA in North America for you, so try to give more color on that. So our North America  we had $180 million of integration savings in the quarter in North America. Our EBITDA in North America grew approximately $62 million, okay? So the offsets that we had pretty much the first and the big one was the commodity unfavorability, $80 million roughly, again against a significant favorability we had in the prior year on that line. And approximately $40 million in sales performance that being the majority of that coming from the timing of trading accruals, as we said, that we expect to have the benefit in the second half. When you think about the savings, so just to give the reasons why we had a lot of offsets on the savings to the EBITDA. When you go the second question about the savings, I can tell you that now even discounting the $40 million related to the timing of overhead expenses, it's correct, our savings are coming in faster than expected. But also  and we are seeing more gross savings coming in that inflation than we originally expected, but our view here is that there's still a lot to happen in the second half. So for now, we're still targeting the $1.7 billion savings for this year. And as soon as we change our point of view on that, we will let you know.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And then it sounded like in a bunch of the segments, pricing was lower in the quarter year-over-year because of some of the timing around promotional environment and things you talked about, trade spend timing. Should I read that that we'll start to see or a return I should say to positive year-over-year pricing as we move through the third quarter?
George Zoghbi - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Andrew, this is George. Yes, you are right about that. So the Q2 pricing was down from a combination of things. One is higher promotional activities versus the prior year, particularly in April, where we are heavy on Easter promotions. And number two is the timing of the trade cost accrual last year, as Paulo mentioned. So we expect this to improve in the second half from a better balance between pricing and input cost. Also, please note that we have announced already price increases in a number of large categories already, so that's been done and been implemented in the marketplace.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Got it. Thank you very much.
George Zoghbi - The Kraft Heinz Co.: You're welcome.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of David Driscoll with Citi. Your line is open.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Great. Thank you and good evening.
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Good evening.
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Good evening.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: I had two questions on the U.S.; they're related. You called out three different areas as problem areas, but when I look at the Nielsen data, we see volumes in snack nuts down 17%, shelf-stable juices down 9%, coffee down 9%, powdered beverages down 15%, but you also made this interesting comment about the Nielsen data just not being accurate. So two questions here. The first one is that, are these areas seeing significant weakness and maybe could you talk about them? And then secondly, just bigger picture on the Nielsen data, kind of what's wrong with this data? Is it something that you would dissuade people from relying on too much? Thank you.
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Thank you. I mean, this is  let me cut the question into two parts. It's a little bit complicated. First, we still have to rely on AC Nielsen. However, the coverage of AC Nielsen has shrunk to where we are selling our product. So with the changing retail landscape, measuring consumption is not as simple as it used to be. AC Nielsen cover mainly scanned or a non-census data within traditional and some  and clubs. However, there is significant growth going on in hard discounters and some big major club players that are not covered by Nielsen and almost the entire e-commerce channel is not covered by AC Nielsen, so just to give you an idea as I mentioned in my remark, rate from small base of 1%, our ecommerce channel is growing at 60%. It happened to be the two largest segments we have in ecommerce happen to be the snack nuts and coffee segments. So they lend themselves more towards that channel. The other thing is we are comfortable about where we are at with juices and our plans were delayed somewhat to take full advantage from the new products advertising and promotion as a combined bundle at the same time. So to summarize, yes, we still rely on AC Nelson, but we tried to focus the AC Nelson measurement in the channel, where we can scan data we add to it our own data to fill the gap to get the picture and that's why we have the diversions between what is net sales revenue and what is consumption from AC Nelson.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: So today's data wouldn't suggest an inventory build at retail. It is saying that the Nelson data is just understating the reality of it because of these unmeasures, is that fair?
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - The Kraft Heinz Co.: It is fair for us. I can't speak for other companies and in our case, inventory build or decline was not a major factor in our Q2 results.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thank you so much.
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Welcome.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Steven Strycula with UBS. Your line is open.
Steven Strycula - UBS Securities LLC: Hey, guys. So a two-part question. The first would be for your global route-to-market capability, and you're a little past the two-year mark in terms of the formal deal legally closing. So could you spend a moment talking about some of the global supply chain investments and CapEx and route-to-market spend, what evidence are you seeing of this yielding revenue synergies for some of your global brand platforms? And then secondarily, how do we think about adding new brands on top of your platform, what's particularly unique about what you've built here to drive incremental scale? Thank you.
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hi, Steven. It's Bernardo. You are right, we're just actually celebrating two years of the merger of The Kraft and Heinz this July, and it has been quite a journey and much more ahead of us. And to your question about investment in rest of the world, in our five-year strategic plan and the way we're positioned, remember, we talk about having trying to have three global brands with five platforms, and there would be significantly push towards these brands and platforms, and I'm pleased with the progress. There is a lot of investment being made, especially in the rest of the world business on the supply chain side, not only on the manufacturing, but the capabilities. The approving process of the products, having them ready with local registration, packaging and go-to-market route, marketing, and you're seeing the results from that right. With the mac and cheese launch in Europe and Latin America, with the Planters being now  being rolled out from U.K. to Continental Europe to say Planters China, what has been 100% e-commerce driven as a launch. A lot of the  now we're preparing ourselves to the Kraft repatriation for 2018, that will affect our business in Continental Europe and Australia for next year. So I would say it's too early to say, but we're pleased with the foundation of the things to accelerate. Part of the Rest of the World result, we're having is related to that. Our top line on the second quarter Rest of the World (39:55) of the question has been softer than our Q2 data for really two reasons that's nothing to do with your question on the global brands and the merger, but really the timing of Ramadan in Indonesia that have shift part of our sales to the first quarter and really the change in taxes system in India that has made our distributors destocking our products for some time that also is timing related. Taking out those two issues, we're very pleased with the progress on the Rest of the World and we should see that in the second half not only on the top line, but also in a better bottom line.
Steven Strycula - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey, good afternoon, everyone.
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Good afternoon.
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Good afternoon.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I have a question for you, George, related to the food service business in the U.S., given where the consumer is sort of shifting more and more out of traditional food retail  food services is an important  should be an important component of your business to capture those sales, and so I guess, it's been an ongoing source of weakness here this year, so could you talk a little bit about maybe a little more color in terms of what's happening there and maybe some actions that you're taking to correct that?
George Zoghbi - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Yes. So you're right about foodservice, and we continue to think we have more whitespace to capture in this area and we are working hard not just in the U.S., but everywhere around the world. That being said, we did need to course correct, that in foodservice, we had a large number of initiatives that did not yield what we wanted to get out of it, so we found that we were chasing too many small things and we needed to reorganize, so that we were facing the customers, the large customers with large big ideas. And we made that correction about two months, three months ago and we already started seeing some good results that we are pleased with. Last month was the first month where we start getting net  when we look at the net gain, net loss from customers, we got into the net gain positive territory. So overall, we expect foodservice business to continue improvement in the rest of the year and it continues to be a strategic whitespace for us.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Have you actually added sales people, like is there  do you just have more sales coverage than you had before?
George Zoghbi - The Kraft Heinz Co.: We refocused the sales team on where we believed the largest opportunities are. You see in the foodservice, it's a very large universe, you can get lost where you are chasing ideas, and we went through a program and a project to identify where best to focus our resources and our investments and we made that change a few months ago and we are very happy with what it is yielding, and going forward we expect more positive results.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Great. Thank you.
George Zoghbi - The Kraft Heinz Co.: You're welcome. Operating: And our next question comes from the line of Michael Lavery with Piper Jaffray. Your line is open.
Michael S. Lavery - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Good evening. Thank you.
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Evening.
Michael S. Lavery - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Just wanted to get some better understanding on Europe margins. A couple of years or so ago that looked like the sort of benchmark standard of where everything could go, and since then those margins have come back in, do you think they've peaked there, is there a path to how you see visibility on better upside and what's the right way to think about some of the leverage and opportunities you have there?
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hi, Michael, this is Paulo. So, yes, you're right, we  our European business used to have a much higher business, if you think like one, two years ago, pretty much three things I would mention here, that impacted this. The first one was for sure the depreciation of the pound. That had a big impact (44:34), because part of what we sell in U.K. comes from Continental Europe, so that was an impact that we have a transaction effects. The second piece also is that we are growing more in the Continental Europe, so there is a geographical mix that changed. And the third also, we need to adjust slightly below lower margin because of  we add Russia on the Europe. So I think those three would be the main impacts in that order I told you in terms of that impacted the European margin. So I think going forward, I think we should see, as we always mention, our focus is in dollar margin to dollar growth, but as the business recover, I think we should see and should count on some margin accretion for the future.
Michael S. Lavery - Piper Jaffray & Co.: No. That's very helpful. Thank you. You also called out the higher promotional levels in the U.K. and Italy. Is there a light at the end of the tunnel? How much is there ability to get some better pricing? And do you see sort of timing on when and how that might happen?
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Yes. Michael, I think there are two different stories here. On the Italy case, we're still going to go to a more extended promotion trends given what's happening in the baby food environment, remember, our sauces business expanding fast in the country. But baby foods continues to be predominantly the anchor of the business in the country and that has been a more challenged category with different competitors coming from different places outside Italy, or actually, the Italian brand and the Italian producer in the country. The U.K. is going to depend a lot on where we're going over now to end the sauce season in the summer. Now it's going to come soup and back-to-school with beans that we're going to have some promotional activity, but we don't see that changing that much from the level we are right now. We are performing well in the country. We're back to growth and seeing volume/mix and activity in the country, I would say, should be very stable even with the change (47:27) between sauces and soup and beans.
Michael S. Lavery - Piper Jaffray & Co.: That's great. Thank you very much.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of John Baumgartner with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good afternoon. Thanks for the question.
George Zoghbi - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Thank you.
John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: George, I'd like to ask about the mix opportunity in the U.S. I mean looking at some of your recent news, the organic Mac & Cheese is a premium product, the Simply Heinz Ketchup is at a premium price per ounce, and there's a few other examples I can think of. But when you look at your consumer base, what have you seen and how do you think about the opportunity to keep I guess just walking people up that pricing ladder through mix? Do you exhaust that at some point? Is it contingent on just continuing attractive new product? How do you think about that?
George Zoghbi - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Yeah. It's a very good question about  particularly we always talk about the changing landscape in retail. There's always that changing landscape in consumers. And what we're finding there is a very large number of consumers in this market. They're happy to move up the value chain, and premiumization was one of our strategies to create growth. It's worked for us in beverages for Capri Sun organic. It's worked for us in ketchup with the Simply and organic. It's worked for us in Mac & Cheese by having priced at a 300% premium in Cracker Barrel versus the blue box Mac & Cheese, and you're going to continue to see some of that in the marketplace, so that's one way to create premium in a market where the population is stagnant, inflation is under wraps, and so forth. The other area is to create new segments to deal with consumer needs, and we've got some exciting news that we'll be talking about that in the next few weeks where we will create new segments in the market that serves new consumer needs. The combination of these two supported with advertising and higher quality product, fresh and less processed, makes a good proposition for growth.
John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: And I guess it may be just broad generalization, but are you finding that of the mix accretive products, those also tend to be margin accretive more often than not?
George Zoghbi - The Kraft Heinz Co.: It depends. So we find when we move to a more premium product, it can be margin accretive. In some area, we added costs in to protect the brands, and we could not price up in that category, so we have to do it in another category until consumers see value of it. So it depends on the category, it depends on the project. Either way, we are always driven by the consumer insights because that's what matters first to keep the brands relevant and keep the categories alive.
John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thank you, George.
George Zoghbi - The Kraft Heinz Co.: You're welcome.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Chris Growe with Stifel. Your line is open.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hi. Thank you. Good evening.
George Zoghbi - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Good evening, Chris.
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Good evening.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hi. Just a question for you, I think really for George in relation to the U.S. I think you mentioned in the quarter a flattish market share performance overall. So I guess I would confirm that. And I'm just curious if you see a stronger category performance picking up in the second half of the year, or is it more about your market share performance with all the activity you have coming up in the second half?
George Zoghbi - The Kraft Heinz Co.: It's a good question. So we have a large number of categories where we grew market share, including American Singles, including bacon, including ketchup, frozen meals, frozen snacks, and we have a number of categories where we lost market share, like natural cheese, cold cuts, and so forth. And that's why when you look at the balance, market share was not a major driver for a decline of the 1.2%. It was more the categories we're operating in. Moving forward, with the different comps in the second half to what we had last year, that's number one. Number two, we implemented a number of price increases, which will lift the dollar value per pound in the category. And number three, we have a number of innovations either ramping up or about to announce to the market. That's why we are confident that the sequential improvement will continue in the second half from Q1 and Q2.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: And can I ask in relation to that, there's been a number of companies, a number of categories, where you've seen private label make some inroads. Are you seeing that in any noticeable way in any of your categories in the U.S.?
George Zoghbi - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Yes, we are. There has been, as you said, a more pronounced focus in leading national retailers on increased private label total distribution point, merchandising, as a way to compete against discounters or separate themselves. For us the results of the focus on private label was mixed. We benefited a lot when retailers did that through an assortment work where they reduced the number of brands on offer, and it led to a better category performance. A great example of that, Kraft Singles and American Slices. By contrast, where retailers resorted to pricing private label so low to compete, it simply resulted in a reduction of the category size and profitability for everyone; example of that is natural cheese. So lucky for us, one offset the other. But just to give you an example how one was beneficial, the other one was not. So at the end of the day, what will win for us is growing our brands and categories by differentiating through innovation, through renovation, and strong communication campaigns.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Thank you, George.
George Zoghbi - The Kraft Heinz Co.: You're welcome.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Jason English with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey, guys. Thanks for the question.
George Zoghbi - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hey, Jason.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: George, I think I'll keep you talking for a bit longer and build off of I think your response to the last question in terms of private label, market dynamics, et cetera. We're hearing from a lot of your competitors about a lot more friction in terms of implementation of price increases than they've seen. Many have described it as sort of unprecedented. But you're on the call saying you're implementing, you're getting them through, it sounds like that the degree of friction isn't really what you're seeing. So can you expand on that a little bit more? From your vantage point with your categories, does the pricing environment really seem that different than it has in years past?
George Zoghbi - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Well, implementing pricing anytime in any year is never a straightforward process. So, for us, we usually take the approach, whether there is an input cost, cost (54:48) product, or something like that. And we always do it when it's justified. We just don't take price increases if not justified. So that is, for us, utilizing our revenue management programs, combine that with our assortment management to create category value. That is usually what our selling story is based on. And in most cases, you see when we implemented using assortment management, revenue management, build innovation around it, we created value for the entire category and not just for our brand. And in these instances, we have been successful doing it. But, again, it's never an easy task at any time in any year.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Thank you for that. And it was a nice segue into a related question. You mentioned revenue management. Some of us, myself included, have a lot of optimism of what it could do for our top line. Clearly categories are slower than they were when the optimism was percolating. But still even in accounting for the category slowdown, there isn't really a lot of tangible evidence success on that front, especially given that this is kind of the year that it was supposed to start to hit its stride. So can you bring us up-to-speed on where you stand on those initiatives? Why maybe we aren't seeing tangible evidence? And what we can expect on the forward?
George Zoghbi - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Yes. For us, we feel good about the implementation of our program. What's happening particularly in relation of where the promotional effectiveness and lift from promotional activity is heading, we feel very comfortable about the investments that we are making. Revenue management is not about just taking a price increase or reducing trade. For us, sometimes we do exactly the opposite. We find it beneficial to do the opposite. So we're very comfortable where we are. We believe the effectiveness of our program is very good and we will continue with managing our categories through the tools we created in revenue management, through the tools we created in assortment management, and we will continue to innovate to grow the categories.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Very good. Thanks, guys. I'll pass it on.
George Zoghbi - The Kraft Heinz Co.: You're welcome.
Christopher M. Jakubik - The Kraft Heinz Co.: If we could take one more question, that would be great.
George Zoghbi - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Thank you.
Operator: Certainly. And our next question comes from the line of Jonathan Feeney with Consumer Edge. Your line is open.
Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Thank you very much for getting me in. So two questions if you don't mind. One is quick. Is it fair to say that we see in the U.S. that revenue management is pretty much working outside of that like 20% of your business that's natural cheese and lunchmeats where it seems like you implemented some price increases and that resulted in some volume share loss? Would you agree? Is it fair to say that there's somewhat of a tale of two cities there and it's working outside of there? And secondly, a broader question, is there something perhaps fundamentally different about those particular categories as far as your level of value-add and does that shape the way you think about how you want to grow this portfolio going forward either internally or externally? Thank you.
George Zoghbi - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Okay. So let me break down the question, the first one on revenue management, particularly in natural cheese and cold cuts. And the second one was about different things about shaping the business. Did I understand it correctly?
Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Yes. Category attributes. It just seems like there is a big difference between category attributes.
George Zoghbi - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Okay. So the natural cheese and cold cuts have different sets of issues. On the natural cheese, as I mentioned, there were really aggressive pricing that we did not take a major part in the marketplace, and that resulted in some share losses. And you can see the months when it happened and persisted with us over the last two, three months. So it was purely based on the elasticity through pricing, and we always keep assessing, moving forward, when we participate and when we do not participate. On the cold cut cuts it's a completely different issue. The cold cuts, as we went through our footprint program, last year we had a major constraint. And we deleted a number of SKUs. So if you look at the total distribution points, or what we refer to as TDPs, is down year-on-year because of that and our merchandizing is down year-on-year before that. Once we get over August, you'll find that this will change. We overlap that period of time and we feel good about rebuilding that business. As a matter of fact, the programs we put in the accounts where we accelerated the program, we started seeing a good trend then. Now is there anything different about these categories as opposed to other categories? What we see that we have higher chances of success where the brand equity is stronger and the relative market share is higher. So these two attributes allow us a little bit of flexibility in terms of both revenue management and assortment management. So building the brand equity is important to us. That's why we always focus on innovation and communication, and building our relative market shares because we believe these two attributes in any category are strong assets for the organization and the brands.
Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Very helpful. Thank you.
George Zoghbi - The Kraft Heinz Co.: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. And this concludes today's question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call back to Chris Jakubik for any closing remarks.
Christopher M. Jakubik - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Great. Thanks very much and thanks, everyone, for joining us for  any analysts who have follow-up questions, I as well as Andy Larkin will be available to take your questions. And for anybody in the media, Michael Mullen will be available as well.
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Thank you.
George Zoghbi - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Good night.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes the program and you may all disconnect. Everyone, have a good day.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-05-03 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Christopher M. Jakubik - The Kraft Heinz Co. Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co. George Zoghbi - The Kraft Heinz Co. Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - The Kraft Heinz Co.
Analysts: Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co. Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc. Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC Pablo Zuanic - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC
Operator: Good day. My name is Karen and I will be your operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Kraft Heinz Company's First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. I will now turn the call over to Chris Jakubik, Head of Global Investor Relations. Mr. Jakubik, you may begin.
Christopher M. Jakubik - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hello everyone, and thanks for joining our business update for the first quarter of 2017. With me today are Bernardo Hees, our CEO, Paulo Basilio our CFO, and George Zoghbi, the Chief Operating Officer of our U.S. Commercial Business. During our remarks, we'll make some forward-looking statements that are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ due to risks and uncertainties and these are discussed in our press release and our filings with the SEC. We'll also discuss some non-GAAP financial measures during the call today. These non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered a replacement for, and should be read together with, GAAP results. You can find the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our earnings release and at the back of the slide presentation available on our website. Now, let's turn to slide 2 and I'll hand it over to Bernardo.
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Thank you, Chris, and good afternoon everyone. From an overall perspective, I will start by repeating what I said in today's press release. While our top line results reflect a slow start to the year, we remain on track with the key initiatives that can drive another year of sustainable organic growth for The Kraft Heinz Company. There is no doubt that the U.S. consumption was softer than expected. As you know, the shift in merchandizing windows such as Easter was expected, however other largely Canada-related factors caused our overall consumer takeaway to be weaker than anticipated. George will discuss these in more detail. In addition, results in Canada also held back organic growth in Q1. This was driven by go-to market agreements with key retailers being made much later this year than in past years. And this was largely due to our choice to not sign into significant price or reenter requests that have come about in the Canadian retail market. As a result, we lost frequency and depth of promotional activity during the quarter. We also choose to delay several innovation launches from March to April. In the end, however, we are confident that the sacrifice we made in sales will lead to a resumption of profitable growth for both Kraft Heinz and for our retail partners. Another area that makes me confident for organic growth in the year to go is the solid returns we are seeing from our Big Bets that are already in the marketplace and the fact that the rest of our 2017 pipeline is on track. I'm not going to get into the specific initiatives that have not hit the market yet, but what we saw in Q1 was a very healthy contribution from both Year 2 Big Bets and the new-to-the-world initiatives. This included accelerated consumption in Mac & Cheese and frozen meals, from products like Cracker Barrel Mac & Cheese and Devour frozen meals that you have seen in the United States. Further gains from Heinz Seriously Good Mayonnaise across Europe, Brazil and Australia, the growth of Planters in China, the launch of Heinz Seriously Good Sauces and No Salt, No Sugar Added Heinz Beans in the UK, just to name a few. Importantly, the investment we made are driving the solid organic growth trends we're now seeing in both Europe and the Rest of the World markets. In short, our strategy of prioritizing fewer, bigger, and bolder bets is paying off. Underpinning all of this, we remain on track with our cost savings initiatives and the pace of savings is coming in very much as expected so far this year. Cumulative savings from our Integration Program are approximately $1.3 billion and we continue to generate savings from ZBB and supply chain initiatives in all our zones outside of North America. Lastly, but just as important, in March, we strengthened our vision for Growing a Better World by unveiling new goals for sustainable sourcing and animal welfare. This includes a commitment to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, energy, water, and waste across our manufacturing network by 15% over the next five years. We also committed to purchase 100% palm oil and derivatives from suppliers certified by the Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil. And we implemented a zero-tolerance policy among suppliers for willful acts of animal abuse or neglect. Finally, our commitment to fighting global hunger is even more aggressive and I'm proud to say that by the year 2021, Kraft Heinz will donate one billion meals to families in need. That's a broad overview of where we stand after the first quarter of 2017. Overall, a soft start to the year financially, but on track for another year of profitable organic growth. So, let's turn to slide three to review the details of our Q1 financial results. As it relates to total company sales, there are two things to highlight. First, we had solid price realization in our Rest of the World market, particularly Latin America, to offset higher local input costs as well as in the United States. These gains were partially offset by promotional timing, primarily in Canada and Europe. Second, for the reasons I noted earlier, we saw volume/mix declines in North America. And these more than offset the solid and encouraging gains in the Rest of the World and Europe markets from condiments and sauces as well as the Big Bets highlighted. Net EBITDA, quite simple, our first quarter results were held back by a combination of the volume/mix declines in North America and the business investments to support our growth agenda in the Rest of the World markets. And these more than offset the benefit of ongoing cost savings and initiatives in North America and Europe. That said, we expect this to improve in the second half of the year. As adjusted EPS however, we continued to see strong growth mainly driven by the refinancing of the preferred stock. Going forward, we expect a combination of profitable top-line growth and EBITDA to again become the main drivers of the EPS growth for the full year. Now, I will hand it over to George and Paulo to highlight our performance in each reporting segment and what to expect in each area going forward. George?
George Zoghbi - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Thank you, Bernardo, and good afternoon, everyone. Let's turn to slide four and our performance in the United States. There is no questioning the slow start to 2017 with greater than expected declines in January and February (8:40) forecast Heinz and the food industry in general. However, we saw marked improvement as the quarter progressed. And we feel good about the early read of Easter trading and the balance of the year, especially the second half. Let's start with the two areas that have presented headwinds to us in Q1 versus prior year. The first includes several calendar changes versus the prior year. As we highlighted on our Q4 call, we think the shift in our merchandising windows versus last year, driven by Easter timing and the impact on measured-channel consumption, as well as our market share where we typically over-index during that period. We also experienced one less day in the quarter due to comparisons with Leap Year in 2016, as well as a delay in tax returns from February last year to March this year. That impacted families that claim charge tax credit. Importantly, these families are a big, core component of the Kraft Heinz consumer base. Together, these changes in the calendar versus last year drove more than half of the 3.6% decline in measured-channel category growth and market share you can see in the chart on the right. The second factor is distribution losses of certain less profitable products in measured-channel, primarily club that affected our consumption numbers in certain cheese and meat categories. Beyond that, the combination of our non-measured channel performance and other trade-related impacts essentially offset one another. On our last call, I also mentioned that we exited the year with some of our Q4 shipments needing to be worked off in January. While this did, in fact, occur, it was partially offset by some shipments related to retailer demand for early Easter builds in certain categories, like cream cheese. Going forward, however, I do feel good about our chances of driving sequential improvement in organic growth from Q1 to Q2, and more importantly, from Q2 through the second half of the year. As a start, we've already seen more favorable consumption trends in both March and April. Also, our Big Bets that are now in the market are driving consumption gains, including double-digit growth in frozen entrees after years of decline behind the successful introductions of Devour and SmartMade brands. We also had strong growth in our mac and cheese portfolio from renovation and innovation last year, as well as ongoing innovation-led growth in Lunchables. And we have more to come, including new ways to enjoy Philly with the launch of Philadelphia Cheesecake Cups, along with Bagel Chips and Cream Cheese Dips, which have had strong initial consumer response. The launch of Capri Sun Sport and Cracker Barrel Oven Baked Mac & Cheese, as well as the renovation of our Oscar Mayer hotdog line with simpler ingredients, no nitrites or nitrates, no artificial preservatives, no by-product and no change in the price. Importantly, as we begin to complete key modernization projects within our footprint activity and remove a self-imposed restriction on introducing new products in our meat business, we will start to increase both innovation and renovation activities to improve our performance in challenged categories, particularly at the back half of the year. And beginning in Q2, you are going to start to see us better leverage Kraft Heinz scale at retail. This will come in the form of increased in-store activity with several scale events in Q2, including Easter, Memorial Day and Feed Your Family, Feed The World, scale event we launched just last week as part of our fight to end the global hunger that Bernardo mentioned earlier. With that, I'll turn it over to Paulo.
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Thank you, George, and good afternoon, everyone. I will start on slide 5 and our U.S. financials. I think George covered off the key macro drivers. In the end, we saw favorable pricing primarily in cheese that was more than offset by the volume/mix decline from consumption weakness across categories. Foodservice, cheese, meats and nuts were the categories most affected and they offset ongoing solid gains from Lunchables, frozen meals, and macaroni & cheese. Moving to EBITDA, we had incremental Integration savings, just less than $100 million. Note that in Q1, the pace of net savings versus the prior year was consistent with our expectations and we do expect that pace to pick up more in the second half of the year. In the first quarter however, the incremental savings together with pricing were more than offset by both the decline in volume/mix and, to a lesser extent, unfavorable key commodity costs in coffee and bacon. Although I would note that, versus last year, adjusted EBITDA was down only 1.4%, considering we were up against significant key commodity costs favorability in Q1 last year. Let's turn to slide 6 and Canada. Bernardo mentioned, Canada's Q1 results versus the prior year were significantly impacted by later-than-usual go-to-market agreements with key retailers. As a result (16:03) was a double-digit decline in volume/mix from a combination of reduced in-store activity and a related decline in shipments. At EBITDA, we had a slightly greater percentage decline than what we saw in organic net sales, reflecting the volume/mix decline and change to promotional levels versus the prior year. That being said, I think there are three important factors to consider as we move forward. First, we had significantly favorable pricing relative to local input costs within Q1 EBITDA last year. Second, despite the headwinds seen in this Q1, Canada's adjusted EBITDA growth is still in the double-digits on a two-year basis. And third, we are confident that the new go-to-market agreements we've reached in Canada will lead to a resumption of run rate trends in growth and profit margins for the balance of the year. That brings us to Europe on slide 7 where we saw sequential improvement in overall organic growth, including top-line growth in the UK. Strong currency headwinds continued to be a factor in reported results and net pricing declined due to timing of promotional activity, primarily in UK and Italy. Volume/mix growth was driven by gains in UK condiments and sauces and this was partially offset by weakness in Italy infant nutrition as well as soup and beverage in Netherlands. Importantly, the ongoing stable consumption growth in the UK gives us the confidence that the business is on the right path, and that our investments with retailers in the second half of last year are now paying off. At adjusted EBITDA, we had solid constant currency gains from strong cost favorability, mainly manufacturing savings that more than offset unfavorable input costs in local currency driven by transactional currency headwinds. Going forward in Europe, while we expect further improvement to our performance in the marketplace and across geographies, we expect Q2 organic top line and EBITDA to be held back by two factors: one, is shipments phasing versus the prior year where some July shipments were pulled into June last year; the second is the likelihood of unfavorable product costs as we will continue to face transactional foreign exchange headwinds within our supply chain in the near-term. Finally, let's look at our Rest of the World segment on slide 8 where results were consistent with expectations we laid out on our last call. Specifically, our plan for 2017 called for us to go after growth opportunities aggressively and would include significant incremental investments in marketing, go-to-market capabilities and product development that would hold back margins. And Q1 reflected the first stage of this plan. At volume/mix, we had positive on base performance in both China and from condiments and sauces in Latin America. We also had favorable shipments related to the timing of Ramadan in Indonesia that were offset by actions we took to realign our distributor network in several countries and mainly affected our exports business. In the end, we are encouraged by seeing our investments paying off, from condiments and sauces across Latin America, and on a more local basis, a strong organic growth in China, India, Korea, and the Middle East and Africa. At EBITDA, the strong contribution from volume/mix growth was offset by two factors: one, significant commercial investments in marketing and sales to drive top-line growth in our EMEA region; and two, higher input costs in local currency, particularly affecting our business in India, Egypt and Nigeria. Looking forward, while we expect our investments to continue as a headwind to EBITDA through the second quarter, we also expect organic sales growth to accelerate from Q1 levels as the year progresses. That concludes our review of Q1 results, which brings us to our outlook for the remainder of the year. To begin, there is no doubt that the headwinds we've highlighted before will remain, from highly competitive retail markets to persistent foreign exchange headwinds, especially in Europe here in Q2. But these factors are likely to affect everybody in our industry, not just Kraft Heinz. That said, we are expecting profitable organic sales growth to ramp up as the year progresses, especially in the second half. Why do we believe this? First, as George noted, we have a much stronger retail calendar in the U.S. for the balance of the year, beginning with better retail events in Q2. Second, we expect and have already being seeing our restoration of normal go-to-market activity in Canada, including our innovation and marketing agendas in light of having completed all agreements with key retailers. And third, we expect the positive investment-driven consumption trends in Europe, Latin America and Asia, Middle East and Africa to continue. At the profit line, we still expect the progression of our 2017 results to reflect aggressive up-front investment in growth and favorable commodity trends to be followed by a step-up in cost savings in the second half of the year. We are on track to deliver the $1.7 billion in cumulative Integration Program savings, net of inflation and business investments in North America by end of 2017. We do, however, have significant work ahead of us in order to deliver our plan. We must continue to execute our footprint related manufacturing line start-ups, which are well underway. We have an extensive pipeline of Big Bets innovations in whitespace in Q2 and throughout the second half of the year. And we will keep our focus on our defined strategy of investing, in innovation, marketing, and go-to-market capabilities as we ramp up the savings and efficiencies within our business. In the end, we continue to expect 2017 will be another year of sustainable profitable growth for The Kraft Heinz Company and another significant step forward in realizing our potential. Thank you. And now, we'd be happy to take your questions.
Operator: Our first question comes from the line of Ken Goldman from JPMorgan.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. A quick one and if you said this on the call I had a little trouble with some of the technology, I couldn't hear all of it so I apologize. But you talked in the past, I think, about maybe a little bit of a headwind early in the year from temporarily shifting some production as you closed some plants. I'm just trying to get a sense if this affected your gross margin at all in the period?
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hi, Ken. Hi, this is Paulo. So, I don't remember we mentioning it during the call, but in terms of the gross margin, which is pretty much flat year-over-year, it's kind of encouraging to us given the commodity headwind that we had this quarter comparing to the prior year's first quarter. And also the geographic mix that we have this year with the decline of the higher margin business in North America.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And then my follow-up is more generally there's been a lot of media stories lately about retail price "wars" right, people talking about Walmart and Amazon going to war with each other and pricing coming down and those customers of yours I guess "asking" companies like Kraft to help along with that process. I'm not seeing as much of that as maybe the media is making of it, but I'm curious if you can give your perspective on really what's happening in the  and I'm really talking U.S. retail environment right now. Are some of your customers, without naming any names, getting much more aggressive? Or is it more business as usual in terms of the pressures you're feeling in terms of pricing and so forth?
George Zoghbi - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hi, Ken. This is George. The price competition among retailers is not like something new. And, as you know, it becomes usually a major focus every time you see a new entrant or a new format in the market, which happens that we are seeing both now. Of course, we'd have to be mindful of the impact on us, particularly the one that we watch for the most is the equity, the impact on the equity of our brands, because we have certain expectation where we position our brands. So our approach to this will continue to be data-driven and discipline in deciding where and when to invest. So sometimes we go along and we make investments, some other times we go dark. At all times, however, we continue to be using a data-driven disciplined approach.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks so much.
George Zoghbi - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Thank you, Ken.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard from Bernstein.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Good evening, everyone.
Christopher M. Jakubik - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Good evening, Alexia.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: So in the wake of the Unilever proposal from a couple of months ago, we've heard concerns from some investors that your approach to reducing costs may cut into muscle and that in turn could make it harder for you to execute additional deals going forward. I guess the fear is that the board's a potential target. Companies wouldn't want their legacy to be signed to a company that could then somehow damage what they've been building up over the decades. And so in this matter I think perception could be more important than reality. It's probably not going to be enough simply to tell us that you don't cut too far. So in that context, do you agree that you may have an image problem with potential acquisition targets and what can you do to overcome that? And then I have a follow-up.
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hi, Alexia. Here's Bernardo. Thanks for the question. Look, I think, like you said, we need to separate what's perception and what are facts, right. And so if you think about our culture and what it's all about, it's actually quite simple and very consistent over decades. It's all about ownership, meritocracy, high performance, (28:11) brands, and dreaming big. It's all about those five things. And I truly believe those five things are applicable in many companies and many segments and so on. So through this culture we have, and so I don't think it will be more difficult or easier to do any other transaction. About the perception, and again I think you pointed well, it's a little different story, right, because when people think about cost cutting and so on, we're much more in line to get efficient to fuel and invest behind profitable growth. That's what we really do, right. Our selling expenditure is going up, our working dollar is going up, our go-to-market capability are going up because those are things we believe for the long run can build profitable growth like we're here for. So, in a sense, you may be right there is a perception problem or not. That's not for us to judge. What I can say that the values we have, those five things I just mentioned, we truly believe can be applicable in many companies and many segments.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Thank you very much for that. And just as a really quick follow up. Can you quantify how much the timing shift of Easter affected your volumes this time?
George Zoghbi - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Thank you, Alexia. This is George here. So, look, we shared that with you at the last quarter that the Easter shift for us would be about 1% to 1.5%. However, we shipped, as stated earlier, around 40% of that in this quarter. So it wouldn't have the big impact. If you want to get an idea where the underlying performance for the quarter would have been, so if you take out all the one-offs or the calendar effects, consumption really for our category would have been trending at minus 1.2% to minus 1.5%. So I think that's a good starting point for you to look at as you move forward, and then you overlay the full impact of our 2017 programs, which will be realized in the second half of the year. So you will see sequential improvement as the year progresses.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Thank you very much. I'll pass it on.
George Zoghbi - The Kraft Heinz Co.: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow from Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hi. Thank you. I wanted to ask about your negotiating kind of approach with retailers because I think you also mentioned that you lost some distribution in club stores in cheese and meat, and I wanted to know what were the circumstances for that. And tying in with what's happened in Canada, are you satisfied that you've got what you wanted in those negotiations with Canadian retailers? Did you have to hold off in order to maintain price? And was that the main objective, which eventually you got? Thank you.
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hi, Rob. It's Bernardo. In respect to Canada, I think it's a very fair question given our weak performance in the quarter, right. Yes, we are satisfied with the agreements we reached of which the five agreements were a top client that's about 80% of our sales in the beginning of March. And the fact that took us a little longer to achieve those agreements will affect. Especially the inventory and activities we had in January and February that's reflected in the results we are all seeing, right. Given what you're seeing now in April and May, we're already seeing the level of events and inventory coming back to normal and the planning looking at second half is a much stronger one. So we truly believe you're going to see sequentially better results as we move in the country. Before moving to the U.S., I think it is important to say that we didn't believe at that time in January when we had agreements, we'll work in a win-win situation with our partners, the retailers, discussions about, between consumption and shipment, the level of profitability and price points in the market. All these make us pause and say, 'hey, it's better to delay a little bit the agreement, but get the right spot to have a win-win situation, what we believe we have moving forward. Again, it was not without pain like we're seeing the results I just describe it, but we are confident that the performance will be improving from now on. George, can you say to the U.S., please?
George Zoghbi - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Sure. Sure. In the U.S. in Q1, look, we lost some distribution for certain retail items, namely when I speak about there is the cultured dairy, some cottage cheese and items and sour cream, and a little bit of natural slices that you could see in the Nielsen data. This is part of normal course of doing business. After a range review, you win some, you lose some. So for us, it's not a major one-off event. However, what I wanted to say, in general, our view is the following: we will not sacrifice the long term for short-term gain. That we will not do. No way we will do that. It is but against our principles. And, as I said, we are driven by consumer insight translated into data that helps satisfy consumer needs and/or retailers and the categories are better off. And that is the approach that we take as we have our discussions with our trade partners.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. Thank you.
George Zoghbi - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Thank you, Rob.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane from Bank of America.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi. Excuse me. Good afternoon, everyone.
George Zoghbi - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hi, Bryan.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Just two questions for me. First one, I guess a more broad one. One of the questions that I think we've certainly fielded more recently and even tonight is just company's at a point where the cost  I think the perception is the cost savings are close to fully identified and the revenues are declining and there's deleveraging, and it sort of underscores this notion that maybe the business  that the whole model is broken that it's not sustainable. So, Bernardo, can you sort of talk to that? How do you respond to that sort of theory?
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hi, Bryan. Yes. Look, I strongly disagree with this statement. And you can see it, actually our model has been working for many, many, many years, decades and so. And if you look at the facts and data, you're going to see growing organic rates pretty much in line with average with our peers. But with the profitability level we have today allows us to invest strongly behind our brands and product quality. So with that in mind, our strategy really continue to be focusing on creating profitable growth within the company to really four things: first, Big Bets innovation with bolder and stronger product development; second, achieving a higher share of voice with more working media dollars behind our brands; third, investing behind our go-to-market capabilities, touching the shelves in a much more structured way; and fourth, achieving the operational efficiencies, so we can support and invest behind growth. Those are the four things we have been doing since the merger and the things we will continue to build moving forward. So I strongly disagree with this statement.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you for that. And I guess just as a follow-up, Paulo, can you remind us, in the first quarter last year, the tailwind from commodities, if I remember correctly, were like $75 million or $80 million benefit to EBITDA or EBITDA growth in the quarter, and this year I think it's actually a little bit of inflation. So can you just sort of remind us of what the benefit was and what the headwind is this quarter in terms of what that bridge was?
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Sure. So if you think about  just let me step back to give more color on the main impacts we had in the quarter. So pretty much our North America EBITDA declined around $40 million, $45 million. The main impact we had was driven by volume mix. And this impact offset the savings initiatives around the $100 million that we have, additional savings, and the pricing we got in the quarter. So pretty much we had the commodity headwinds we faced this quarter being really responsible of the fact that the EBITDA decline. Prior year, in the same quarter, we had a much bigger favorability than that, almost twice this size if you go back to Q1 2016.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Christopher M. Jakubik - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey, guys. Thanks for squeezing me in.
Christopher M. Jakubik - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hey, Jason.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: A question on cash flow. Your cash balance ended a lot lower than we thought this quarter. Looks like a lot of working capital leakage. Is this timing oriented? What exactly drove that?
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - The Kraft Heinz Co.: No. Yes. So, yes, you're right. I think the majority of the cash declines we had was pretty much driven by typical seasonal working capital. Q1 is a quarter that we normally lose a lot of working capital due to seasonality in that. And on top of that, we had inventory increase to prepare because we are preparing for all the footprint activities we are going to execute during the year. So the majority of this is just the timing and we expect to recover in the following quarters.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. Good to hear. And then turning attention outside of the U.S., can you give us a sense of the magnitude of reinvestment in the Rest of the World? Because, jeez, the EBITDA decline on prior-year EBITDA declines for the Rest of the World and Europe combined from a headline perspective is discouraging to see.
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - The Kraft Heinz Co.: I think when I see that  just we start. We're still seeing that and we've said that before that we would have had investments in the Rest of the World business. The growth is coming and we expect the growth even to ramp up going forward. And I think to better answer the questions, we're still seeing the margin there is around 20% being representative of the margin that we're going to see in this unit going forward.
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: And, Jason, just to add on the commercial side, like we said before, a lot of the growth are coming really from two venues, right? One is whitespace and so penetrating new categories and establish ourselves like cheese in the Middle East, cheese in Russia; Kraft sauces in Europe, Australia, New Zealand; the nuts business in China and U.K.; Mac & Cheese in Latin America and UK. So you have the core  and not only the whitespace, you have also the core that's pretty much the beans and soup in New Zealand and Australia, and condiments and sauces almost everywhere. It's still growing strongly on the Rest of the World. So we will continue to see us investing behind and supporting this growth. So, looking at that, it's very in line what you have been saying we will be doing for the rest of the year.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Very good. Thank you for the answers.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Chris Growe from Stifel Nicolaus.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hi. Good evening. I just had...
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hi, Chris.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hi. Two questions for you as well. First off would just be you've outlined some areas of reinvestment for the business in 2017. I saw it noted for the Rest of the World. I just want to get a sense of how those phase through the year. And then will that spread across to the other divisions as well? Or is Rest of the World where most of that quote-unquote reinvestment is occurring?
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Yeah. So it's pretty much what I was saying. So we expect these investments happening in the first half of the year in Rest of the World. And we expect this pay off and start seeing better margins going back to the normal margins of the business in the second half of the year.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay.
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - The Kraft Heinz Co.: That's the second stage in that we're seeing those investments.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: And then again, to be clear, mostly that's all in Rest of the World, right?
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Yes.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. And then just a second question for you. You've talked before about your global brands and the focus on your global brands. And I know certainly you had a weaker sales performance in the U.S. so that certainly would have affected their performance. But do those global brands gain share or can you give any kind of sort of metrics around how those brands performed in the quarter?
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hi, Chris. That's very much in line with what we said about the restructure plan to create the three global brands and platforms right behind Kraft, Heinz and Planters. It's too early stage, but I think in most part of the countries, we wanted to penetrate on 2017. We already created supply chain and that's exactly the whitespace I was talking about early on when you talk about we're starting to penetrate on cheese, we're starting to grow on nuts, UK, China, and now going to Continental Europe, Mac & Cheese in Brazil and UK and so on. So those brands are growing in line with our expectations for the year and it's starting to accelerate as much as we can. That being said, given the size of the business, and so on, the magnitude they have is still not significant, for example, to offset our performance we had in the United States and Canada.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Thank you for the time.
Christopher M. Jakubik - The Kraft Heinz Co.: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Good evening.
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Good evening.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: I guess, first one would be the bid for Unilever was interesting on many levels, but maybe no more so than it was considered sort of a growthier asset than some of the others than you've done, given the emerging market exposure, the household and personal care exposure and such. So, I guess, more generally, my question really is when you think about synergies of a transaction, can they be enough almost at any level, I guess, to fully compensate maybe for a set of brands or assets that maybe might be in more of a structural decline? In other words, how do you balance those two: the synergy capture versus maybe long-term structural decline in a set of brands?
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hi, Andrew. This is Paulo. So, to think about  the way that we think about our M&A framework, which hasn't changed since the beginning, and the framework is pretty much that we want to own brands that we'd be happy owning these brands for the long run, brands with strong equity, strong relative market share, brands that can travel. But we also analyze a lot how the business operates, the go-to-market of the business, and more important than that, how the business operates better, how they would operate better, how they grow fast being together. Okay? And, of course, doing this analysis, we take everything into consideration, including all the synergies that we have, all the options that we have in terms of getting a better performance. And, again, everything that you said is always to improve our portfolio, right, when we have this type of framework.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay.
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - The Kraft Heinz Co.: And more important and also very important is that we're always going to be very, very disciplined on price.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Got you. Thank you for that. And then I think you mentioned cost savings incremental of about $100 million in the quarter. Am I correct in assuming pretty much all of that is carry-over saves from last year? And I know you've said truly incremental cost saves are more back-half loaded this year. So, I guess, my question is, were there any incremental cost saves this quarter and/or how do you expect the truly new incremental cost saves to ramp throughout the year? Is it primarily second half versus first half?
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hi, Andrew. So, it's Paulo again. So when we're entering the second year of integration, it's much better to track for cumulative savings than trying to track a run-rate, given the structure of our savings that is net of inflation and net of investment. So we ended the prior year at $1.2 billion cumulative savings. We are ending this first quarter at $1.2 billion level and we said that and we're still in the path to get to $1.7 billion. So, out of the $500 million that we expect to deliver this year additional, we delivered $100 million in the first quarter. And again, we still have $400 million to deliver going forward in the next three quarters. And again, you're right that we said that we expect additional savings  the majority of the savings to be in the second half.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Jonathan Feeney with Consumer Edge Research.
Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Thanks very much. I guess, a big picture question. I know you've answered a lot of questions about the model existentially. As you look back over the past six months, are there any particular costs you could identify that you've reduced in the dramatic cost reductions you've made that had a meaningful impact this quarter that if you had it to do over again, you wouldn't have done? That'd be my first question. And, I guess, my second question would be what are you seeing in developing markets, Rest of World right now that makes you want to accelerate your investment behind those particular businesses that you mentioned earlier? Thank you.
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hi, Jon. The answer to your first question is, quite frankly, no. The places we wanted to see increase cost that was selling and marketing, we did. Sometimes we ask ourselves on the things that have been working, and George talked about like the renovation of the Mac & Cheese, the hot dog campaign we're starting now in the United States, the Philadelphia Cheesecake, the Heinz Seriously Good in Europe, and the Heinz Seriously Good Mayonnaise in Brazil and Australia, Planters in China, Planters in Russia. If we should not have grown even more. That's something we ask. But that being said, there was absolutely no efficiencies or something that took over the capacities of the company to generate what, the things I said before, to focus on Big Bets, to focus on go-to market capability, to grow our share of voice behind our brands, and so on. So it's a no. On the second part of your question about why we believe we can accelerate the growth on the Rest of the World, because we still want to penetrate in most parts of those markets, right, we see outside of the business in countries like China, Russia, Brazil, Eastern Europe, Middle East, Indonesia, even developed countries like Japan, and so it's still  we can't be much bigger through our core categories that you already operate in whitespace, as I mentioned. So we are confident in our capacity through the global brands and the local juries (50:58) we have to generate profitable growth.
Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Pablo Zuanic from SIG.
Pablo Zuanic - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Thank you. Two questions. The first one is regarding divestitures. When I look at your cousins at Anheuser-Busch, they've divested assets worth almost $30 billion from the SABMiller transaction. I realize that in their case they started with a lot more leverage, you don't have necessarily that pressure. But the complexity that you have inherited from all these two transactions would make you think that you would want to be more focused a little bit and exit some categories. I mean, you have this baby food business in Italy, for example, and I could mention a host of other products. So just give us a sense of what should we expect? And what is the reason why you haven't tried to focus your portfolio more? You would think that that would help in terms of your ability to ramp up the cost savings target. That's the first question. And the second one is more just going back to Unilever. The way I would like to ask the question is when you acquired Kraft Foods Group, you said that you were building a global food and beverage powerhouse. But now that apparently was going to include soap and shampoos. So do you want to update us in terms of what your vision is? I mean, should we assume that someday you could own a tobacco company, a restaurant, or something else? What can you comment on that, please? Thank you.
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - The Kraft Heinz Co.: So hi, Pablo. This is Paulo. So, on the first question  and let me start from there. So, the first question was about...
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: The divestitures.
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Yes. So according to divestiture of the brands, today we feel comfortable with the brands and the capital that you operate. We think we have scale and we operate well there. Again, as soon as if we decide to divest any categories or any brand in any specific geography, we will communicate this properly to the market. So related to the Unilever potential transaction, we really believe that as I said in the M&A framework it's kind of  again, if you go back here in terms of only consumer brands, brands with a strong market share, brands that can travel, similar go-to-market, similar operation, I think at the end of the day that these two segments of the consumer product goods are very similar and that's the reason why you see also many companies operating brands for consumers, sometimes food, sometimes personal care, sometimes healthcare.
Pablo Zuanic - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Right. Thank you. And just if I can squeeze one follow-up. So also in this idea of complexity, at the moment, you have center of the aisle categories, you have refrigerated categories obviously with cheese and hams, you don't have much snacks. But can you talk about in terms of the many parts of the supermarket that you're in, I guess, you're trying to be in everything and at the same time, it's not just warehouse delivery, but it could DSD. Or is there a certain  or should we assume that structurally within the supermarket, you still want to be mostly center of the aisle and refrigerated is more ancillary because you inherited because of the Kraft deal? Thanks.
George Zoghbi - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Pablo, this is George here. Just to confirm a few things, one, our entire model is DC. So we do not have any DSD in the United States. However, we've taken a very large number of categories. Including categories in the fresh aisle, we have a business. I don't know if you're aware, but we sell in the deli specialty cheeses and under the Churny Company we have some very good business there. We sell in the dairy refrigerated aisle as well as deli both in processed meat as well as the center of store and in the snack aisle under Planters. We feel very good about our portfolio and we allocated portfolio role to each category and brand as part of our long-term strategic plan. So while we have a diversified number of categories and brands, we do not treat them all the same. We have a different role and that role would dictate the level of investment, the new product introduction, and the support that we give to these brands. And that we see as a competitive advantage to be able to utilize in the marketplace.
Pablo Zuanic - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Understood. That's very helpful. Thank you.
George Zoghbi - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Thank you.
Christopher M. Jakubik - The Kraft Heinz Co.: If we could take one more question, that would be great.
Operator: Certainly. Our final question for today comes from the line of Matthew Grainger with Morgan Stanley.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks, everyone. If I could just squeeze in two as well. The first, some of the renovation you talked about in certain areas of the business like Oscar Mayer increasingly now seems like a necessity for bringing momentum back to those categories and responding to consumer shifts. So can you talk about the feasibility of doing that in a cost neutral way in the early stages? Or is it going to take some additional levers like managing price pack architecture or making upfront investments until you get the benefit of strong volume leverage to make that a margin neutral proposition?
Christopher M. Jakubik - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Okay.
George Zoghbi - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Thanks, Matt. This is George here. It's a very good question. As a matter of fact, we like the renovation a lot more than innovation because the payback is a lot faster; in some areas, it's almost immediate. And you mentioned some of the good ones like Oscar Mayer. And Oscar Mayer, as you know, about 18 months ago, we started transforming part of the range to Oscar Mayer Natural. That's approaching about $100 million business now, and it will be a lot larger. We did similar things in Mac & Cheese last year when we removed artificial ingredients from Mac & Cheese, and we're very, very happy with the performance, we're growing share in the Mac & Cheese category at the back of renovation and innovation. Couple years ago, we did that on Philadelphia and you see our share and our growth there, similarly when we did that on Kraft Singles, we're still growing share on Kraft Singles. In all of them, we actually catered our campaign and our communication to reflect that. So while we did not change our communication strategy, we had very, very good growth rate both in term of absolute and market share and faster payback on all those things.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks, George. And then if I could ask you one follow-up as well. Just coming back to the update you provided on the U.S. You highlighted an expectation of better execution in the second quarter. Is that just sort of related function of having a fuller merchandising calendar? Or are there specific execution issues or tactical actions you wish you had sort of acted otherwise on during Q1 that you would see shifting going forward?
George Zoghbi - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Yeah Good questions, both actually. One, there is a natural shift in the merchandising calendar. One of them is Easter, and the second one, we introduced a scale program that I talked about in my remarks. So that is new or incremental to what we did in prior years. So that is as far as the promotional calendar is concerned. And the third one, we restricted ourselves from promoting Oscar Mayer and meats for quite some time and while we were going through our footprint project. That restriction has been lifted now and we are in full support of the brand. So you're going to see good improvement in both the cold cuts areas and other parts of the meat segment. So the combination of both is going to improve the trends that you see in the market. As a matter of fact, if you look at the very recent trend, they're very different from January and February  much, much improved.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Great. Thanks, again.
George Zoghbi - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Thanks, Matt.
Operator: Thank you. And that concludes our question-and-answer session for today. I would like to turn the conference back over to Chris Jakubik for any closing comments.
Christopher M. Jakubik - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Thanks, everybody, for joining us this evening. For anybody within the analyst community has follow-up questions, I'll be around as well as Andy Larkin to take your questions. And for anybody in the media, Michael Mullen will be here to take your calls as well. So thanks very much for joining us and have a good evening.
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Thank you.
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Thank you.
George Zoghbi - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program and you may now disconnect. Everyone have a good day.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-02-15 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Christopher M. Jakubik - Kraft Foods Group, Inc. Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co. George Zoghbi - The Kraft Heinz Co. Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - The Kraft Heinz Co.
Analysts: Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc. Steven Strycula - UBS Securities LLC Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Rob Dickerson - Deutsche Bank Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Michael Lavery - CLSA Americas LLC Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co. Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.
Operator: Good day. My name is Karen and I'll be your operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to The Kraft Heinz Company's Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. I will now turn the call over to Chris Jakubik, Head of Global Investor Relations. Mr. Jakubik, you may begin.
Christopher M. Jakubik - Kraft Foods Group, Inc.: Hello, everyone, and thanks for joining our business update for the full year and fourth quarter of 2016. With me today are Bernardo Hees, our CEO; Paulo Baslio, our CFO; and George Zoghbi, the Chief Operating Officer of our U.S. Commercial Business. During our remarks, we'll make some forward-looking statements that are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ due to risks and uncertainties, and these are discussed in our press release and our filings with the SEC. We'll also discuss some non-GAAP financial measures during the call today. These non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered a replacement for, and should be read together with GAAP results. And you can find the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our earnings release and at the back of the slide presentation available on our website. Before I hand it over to Bernardo, please note some changes to our financial reporting that were outlined in our earnings release. In the fourth quarter of 2016, we reorganized our operating segments to better align with our global growth strategy, and therefore have reflected these changes in our business segment reporting for all periods presented. As a result, our Russian business is now part of our Europe segment instead of rest of world, and cost associated with our Global Procurement Office have been reclassified from our Europe segment to general corporate expenses. Now, let's turn to slide 2, and I'll hand it over to Bernardo.
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Thank you, Chris, and Happy New Year to everyone. As I hope you saw in our press release, we had solid Q4 results overall with solid sales and business investments to further improve the health of our brand. But I'll start by focusing more on what we have been able to accomplish in the first full year of The Kraft Heinz Company. It formed the base and in many ways that's our agenda for the year ahead. So, let's start with our progress against the three objectives of our strategy that we laid out at the beginning of our merger. In our first objective, to deliver profitable sales growth, on the top line, we built positive momentum through the year, despite the commodity headwinds that persisted during the year, resulting in profitable sales and flat to positive organic sales growth in all regions except Europe. We generated significant gains from our Big Bet innovation strategy in our efforts to capture whitespace opportunities. This was led by condiments worldwide, especially ketchup and barbecue sauce, pasta sauce in North America and Latin America; soy sauce in China, and hot sauces and mayo in Europe. Our investments also led to better market share trends over the course of the year in core categories such as sauces worldwide including pasta sauce in Canada and Latin America; green cheese and mac & cheese in the United States, UK beans; baby food in Italy; and in Australia, beverage. That said we still have significant areas to improve in 2017. They include Indonesia soy sauces, U.S. cold cuts, baby food in Canada, and our non-measured channel shares in the UK to just name a few. We also pushed into places, whitespace, where Kraft Heinz did not previously compete, products such as Devour frozen meal, Cracker Barrel mac & cheese and Heinz Barbecue Sauces in the United States. There was Planters which now is available in both China and the UK. We also brought Heinz Mayonnaise to Europe, Brazil and Australia. And we made significant progress toward extending our foodservice presence, not just in the west but through strong performance in Canada, Brazil and Russia as well. Nevertheless, there is much, much more to go after in 2017 and beyond. It's also clear that our go-to-market investments are paying off and delivering profitable growth through distribution gains and better performance at retail. We supported go-to-market activations with better management of our field teams in Canada, U.S., Brazil, Russia and China. These efforts resulted in phased execution improvement in a challenging retail environment all around the world, including Australia, Japan, China, Russia, Egypt, Brazil and Germany. And then our second objective, we made meaningful progress toward achieving best-in-class margins. Through our ritual and routines, including zero-base budgeting and managed by objectives, we drove sustainable improvements throughout the year. ZBB savings were a key driver of value creation across the company delivering faster than expected savings at the outset of the year and contributing to the company achieving $1.2 billion in cumulative savings since the inception of our Integration Program. As of today, we have cascaded personal MBOs directly from company leadership to more than 6,000 employees worldwide. This is a critical step in aligning everyone behind common goals and improving our day-to-day execution. To put that number in context, this represents more than 50% of our white collar population around the world. And in supply chain, we invested more than $1 billon into manufacturing upgrades in our footprint program to modernize our facilities and enhance our capacity for innovation and quality. We went live with our Global Business Services in Europe, which together with our shared service integration in North America, helped drive processes standardization and improved service levels. Importantly, as all of these was happening, we achieved a global case fill rate of 98%. We also invested heavily in our people, in our capability. For example, we promoted more than 1,700 team members worldwide last year. We expanded our talent acquisition programs worldwide, growing the volume of applicants by 40%. And in our ongoing effort to grow a better world into a partnership with Rise Against Hunger, we package and distribute more than 65 million meals to people in need. Finally, on the capital structure front, our leverage ratio was reduced to approximately 3.6 times EBITDA and we kept up our strong dividend payout. Paulo will build more on our capital structures improvement in a moment. Overall, we made solid progress in our first full year as a merger company and it set a strong base for us to build upon in the next phase of our development. So let's turn to slide three to review our Q4 and full year financial results and how the numbers bear out our progress. As it relates to the company sales, there're really two things to highlight. First, for the reasons I mentioned earlier, we drove sequentially better organic sales growth driven by volume/mix improvement in all segments. The primary contribution to this growth were condiments and sauce globally and costs in refrigerated meal combinations in the United States. Second, we had solid price realization in most segments during the year despite a deflation in key commodities like dairy, coffee and meat in the U.S. as well as the trade investments we made in our UK and Netherlands business. Net EBITDA full year growth at constant currency was driven by strong cost savings from integration and restructuring activities, favorable net price and growth in our Rest of the World market. I should note however that our rate of growth in Q4 was held back by two factors. First, we began to lap integration savings that began last year in Q4. And, second, we accelerate our investment behind growth initiatives late in the year, as well as trade investment we made in our UK and Benelux business. Dropping down to our adjusted EPS, both Q4 and full year were up more than 50% excluding the extra week last year, primarily driven by EBITDA gains and the refinancing of the preferred stock in June. Now, I will hand over to George and Paulo to highlight our performance in each reporting segment and what we expect going forward. George?
George Zoghbi - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Thank you, Bernardo, and good afternoon, everyone. Let's turn to slide four and our performance in the United States. The first point I would make is that we had a strong finish to 2016, in many ways giving us good momentum from a consumer takeaway perspective as we head into 2017. If you look at the charts on the right, there are few things I would note. First, in measured channel, the negative impact from commodity deflation on category growth persisted during 2016 and longer than we originally thought, although, we currently expect that this is likely to turn to inflation as 2017 progresses. Second and more importantly, you can see that we had improved measured channel share performance in Q4 versus our 52-week numbers below, driven by our Big Bets and better retail execution. Specifically, we drove strong consumption improvement from the launch of Devour and SMARTMADE in frozen meal, mainstream, and ground coffee and pods as well as nice turnaround in sandwich cheese, both Kraft Singles and Natural. This was supported by improved execution at retail with an increase in total distribution points, TDPs, versus the prior year in Q4 and better feature and display conversion. In fact, we exited the year with a shorter list of share challenges than we started the year with. We also saw a longer list of categories moving into share gains and ended the year with roughly 70% of our categories holding or gaining shares in Q4. The third factor I would highlight is that sales in Q4 were good. However, they included some one-off benefit that will not repeat. Foodservice was not a contributor to non-measured channel growth in Q4 as whitespace gains gave way to weakening trend in base consumption and store traffic. And although, we had further whitespace gains in non-measured retail channel, much of the green bar in the top right of the graph was due to the benefit of trade inventory shifts versus the prior year. Specifically, we had a relatively weak Q4 2015 comparison that reflected retail inventory de-loading as well as strong shipments in Q4 2016 to support a very robust level of in-store activity during the holidays. In the end, we exited the year with some of our Q4 shipments needing to be worked off in January. And we expect Q1 2017 shipments will see roughly a half-a-point headwind versus consumption, because of this. And that's before the impact of the Easter shift that Paulo will talk about later. So overall, we closed 2016 with significant progress in the marketplace and improved execution, during the year of significant transformation, just as we planned. Looking forward, our agenda for 2017 is focused on three simple goals. One, on the top-line, drive profitable growth and further improve challenged categories. Two, better leverage our scale, at retail, with increased in-store activity, including more scale events and improve our day to day sales execution. And three, utilize our supply chain modernization or footprint initiative, as a way to increase investments in innovation and renovation, particularly, at the back half of the year. With that, I'll turn it over to Paulo.
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Thank you, George and good afternoon everyone. I will start on slide 5, to highlight the two more things on U.S. financials. First, price was higher for the year and in Q4, despite persistent headwinds from deflation in key commodities. Although, it appears, we've now reached the bottom on commodities and are likely to have to contend with commodity inflation beginning in Q1 of this year. Second, we were encouraged by the improvement, in our vol/mix performance over the course of the year. We had better results in meats, ready-to-drink beverage late in the year. And this combined with the strong growth in coffee, Lunchables and mac & cheese that we saw all year and drove positive growth. Moving to EBITDA, the U.S. delivered strong double-digit growth all year driven by cost saving initiatives and favorable net pricing. In Q4, although the pace of cost savings was in line with our expectations, EBITDA growth was held back by timing of overhead expenses versus the prior year. Let's turn to slide 6 and Canada where our results played out fairly consistent with what we had talked about on our Q3 call. Pricing trailed input cost fluctuations in local currency throughout the year. By that I mean that, from a P&L perspective, pricing was lower to follow deflation in key commodities in the first part of the year and late in following higher input costs in local currency, particularly in the fourth quarter. By contract, volume/mix performance showed more of a steady improvement, first half to second half. This primarily reflected solid gains in condiments, sauces and foodservice, which were partially offset by the volume impact of lower cheese shipments versus the prior year. At EBITDA, I think it's important to highlight that despite the ups and downs during the year, Canada's full-year adjusted EBITDA and margin are fairly representative of the current health and profitability of the business. That brings us to Europe on slide 7. We said on our last call that the health of our European business was better than our Q3 numbers indicated, and with or without Russia in these numbers that bore out in Q4. As a general rule of thumb, from a 2016 versus 2015 perspective, the addition of Russia to our Europe segment has the effect of adding roughly 1.5 points of organic net sales growth and roughly 75 basis points to constant currency adjusted EBITDA growth, but reduces segment EBITDA margin by approximately 130 basis points. That being said, our performance this year in Europe is not what we planned, and not what we would expect in any year. It's true that we had strong unfavorable currency translation all year, and that's likely to continue into the beginning of 2017. But from an operating perspective, we made significant trade investments during the year, primarily to jumpstart our UK business in a changing and difficult retail environment. And so far, we are encouraged by the results. The improvement in our volume/mix trends reflect a combination of gains from Big Bets in condiments and sauces even with the results of Russia, as well as improving consumption in shared trends across most countries, including positive overall consumption in the UK. Net EBITDA, the decline we saw in Q4 and throughout the year was from a combination of pricing and increased marketing to drive our Big Bets and whitespace initiatives and in Q4, higher overhead cost due to timing, which we don't expect to repeat. These factors more than offset manufacturing savings realized during the year. Finally, our Rest of the World segment on slide 8. Here, the underlying drivers of organic growth were fairly consistent throughout the year. Higher pricing was primarily driven by price increases to offset higher input cost in local currency, mainly in Latin America. And vol/mix growth was driven by strong years in China and Latin America, and solid performance in Australia and in Japan with the strong overall growth in condiments and sauces across all regions. Some challenges still remain, including Indonesia soy sauce and some difficult economic conditions to overcome in India and the Middle East. But overall, as we said in our last call, after seeing a slight deceleration in Q3, we continue to expect strong growth in our rest of the world business, both in the near-term and long-term. Net EBITDA, as we also mentioned on our last call, in Q4, we faced a strong comparison to the prior year. And we are investing heavily behind whitespace initiatives. This led to the decline in adjusted EBITDA we saw in Q4 in the second half of the year. For the full year, EBITDA growth was primarily driven by organic sales growth that was partially offset by increased marketing investments to support new products. Now, before we go to our agenda for 2017, I think it's also important to highlight the significant progress we made in 2016 to improve our capital structure and credit metrics. The first point I will make on slide 9 is that our focus on cash is paying off. We generated approximately $1 billion of cash from working capital improvements, mainly driven by an increase in payables and tight management of inventories. In fact, we were able to achieve negative working capital by the end of the year, equal to negative 1.6% of sales, down from 4.5% of sales at the end of last year. And we did this while increasing safety stock in an effort to de-risk our footprint activity. We also redeemed our preferred debt resulting roughly $550 million of annual after-tax cash savings for the company. In terms of leverage, we've also made similar significant progress in short period of time improving our credit metrics. Through a combination of EBITDA growth and refinancing, we've reduced our leverage from approximately 4.5 times EBITDA at the time of the merger to 3.6 times at the end of 2016. We remain confident in our ability to fully deleverage in 2017 to bring us closer to our ultimate goal of below three times leverage. And we remain committed to paying down $2 billion of debt when it comes due in July and holding off on any share repurchase plans until that pay down is complete. Beyond our deleveraging goals, our priorities of ongoing financial policy and use of free cash flow are straightforward. First, maintain an investment grade credit rating. Second, fund a highly competitive dividend. And third, deploy excess cash against opportunity on a risk-adjusted return basis, which bring us to our agenda for 2017. And I'll hand back to Bernardo to start it off.
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Thank you, Paulo. Let me start by saying that 2016 was a solid year for our company. We made a great deal of progress in realizing our potential. But we still have a lot to improve in order to deliver our expectation for 2017. In 2017, we enter year two of our multi-year merger plan. Headwinds remain from highly competitive retail markets to persistent foreign exchange headwind, especially in Europe. So at the top of our agenda is an even sharper focus on profitable organic sales growth. By that, I mean that we will focus our investments in innovation, renovation and marketing on our leading brands, along with prioritizing fewer, bigger and bolder bets within our portfolio. These will include expanding our core by innovating into adjacent categories and new segments, where Kraft Heinz brand have the ability to win. It also includes Big Bets in existing categories by aggressively targeting on-trend segment where you're currently under indexed, such as the 2016 bet we laid in the U.S. natural cheese. For competitive reasons, we do not have a list of key initiatives to provide today, but we will certainly highlight them as we roll them out in the coming quarters. And finally, globally, we're focusing on three key brands: Heinz, Kraft and Planters, and in five categories with global potential; condiments and sauces, cheese, meals, nuts and baby food. The emphasis within these opportunities will be to increase investment levels and improve execution, which includes applying best practice for wining in each channel, from traditional retail and discounters to foodservice, and over time e-commerce. All this will be fueled by significant incremental investment in marketing, both for market capabilities and product development, covering North America, Europe and rest of the world. Our agenda also includes achieving best-in-class operating efficiency with top quality. We plan to reduce complexity through active assortment management in United States, an achieve best in class operations efficiency and quality within our manufacturing facility. Also great execution begins with great training and we are actively building a new methodology and training platform to support our performance-driven organization. But let met turn it back to Paulo to wrap-up by explaining how our agenda will translate into 2017 financial performance.
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Thanks, Bernardo. In terms of cost savings, we are now targeting net integration program savings of $1.7 billion by the end of 2017, up from $1.5 billion previously. Keep in mind that we achieved cumulative savings of approximately $1.2 billion through the end of 2016. And note that our new target is net of an approximately $300 million negative impact in 2017 from a combination of business reinvestments and additional non-key commodity inflation that were not contemplated at the time of the merger. To achieve these new targets, we expect cost to achieve of $2 billion, up from $1.9 billion previously. This includes $1.2 billion in pre-tax cash P&L costs, as well as CapEx of $1.3 billion. Finally, we expect to deliver a strong EPS growth, driven by EBITDA gains and further accretion from the preferred refinancing. EBITDA growth is likely to be driven, primarily by incremental integration savings in North America, as well as strong organic top-line growth in our Rest of World markets. In addition, our earnings expectations currently reflect an effective tax rate of approximately 30% and assume no change in existing tax regimes and regulations. As far as seasonality throughout the year, our 2017 plan reflects aggressive upfront investment in growth followed by significant second half savings from footprint initiatives. In addition, please note that several factors will hold back first quarter organic net sales and EBITDA. They include a shift in higher margin Easter shipments to Q2 2017 versus Q1 2016, upfront investments in innovation and whitespace in a number of geographies, as well as our expectation that additional integration related savings will be second half oriented. That being said, we do expect 2017 will be another year of strong sustainable profit growth for The Kraft Heinz Company and another significant step forward in realizing our potential. Thank you. And now we'd be happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar from Barclays.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Good evening.
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hi, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: I just have two things, if I could. One is you talk about profitable organic sales growth going forward, a sharpening of focus on that. I guess how should we externally measure the company against that goal of profitable sales growth? Is there a minimum amount of growth and sort of EBITDA margin that  or a combination of those two that we can use as, let's say, measuring sticks to assess the execution on this goal?
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hi, Andrew. This is Paulo. So we aren't going to provide like a target on this. But the way that we see this profitable organic growth is that through our innovation process and through our all the initiatives that we're handling here in the company we expect to have sales that really move down to EBITDA over time.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And then if we think about  I guess if we think about the North American business investments that you talk about, that I think you mentioned were not contemplated at the time of the merger. Trying to get a sense of sort of exactly what you mean by netted out of the synergy? And should we take from that that the cost of growth essentially is more significant than you might have thought at the time of the merger or how should we put that business investment step up in context?
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hi, Andrew. It's Paulo again. So what we're talking about here is that in the first half the business investment is pretty much investment that we're doing in quality improvements for the products, renovation, marketing pullout, new products, and more Big Bets. We're investing behind both markets to improve the retail execution that we have and also now expanded distribution in our foodservice segment. And, again, all of these investments, we were not contemplating to do that. We saw the opportunity to do this now and we're executing this. And just to be clear that we always decided to provide a savings target that was net of everything, so we're keeping doing this. We're just highlighting that we found more opportunities in the business and we're executing this. But, again, our target of $1.7 billion is still net of all of these investments.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Steven Strycula from UBS.
Steven Strycula - UBS Securities LLC: Hello, everyone. Good revenue quarter. So, quick question, kind of like following up with Andrew. The timing of the factory closures, it seems like some of that is getting  taking a little bit longer than maybe expected or maybe we mismanaged how it would flow into the year. So, does that mean there is some kind of tail effect of cost savings dipping into early 2018? That'd be my first question.
George Zoghbi - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Thank you, Steve. This is George. I will take this question. Our manufacturing modernization program is on track to deliver updated technology and low cost production. We are now in the peak activity and won't be past that peak until late 2017, as I shared on the last call. We remain in line with expectation and on budget to deliver what we shared with you on prior call.
Steven Strycula - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Great. And then, my other question would be related to pricing. We definitely saw very strong volume. So, George, if you could help us understand, would the U.S. business organically still have been positive ex, call it, the trade shift? And should we think about  with price/mix being just below flat this quarter should we start to see that improve as you think through revenue management initiatives for the Kraft portfolio this year? And also you're saying that commodity prices might be bottoming, if you could help us think through that, that would be great?
George Zoghbi - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Yeah. Pricing for Q4 was in line with our strategy all along and in line with our expectation. And you'd probably saw both sides of revenue management at work, the side where we went dark in some categories, and the side where we went heavy in other categories and we're very happy with the results that we got. The reason we do that, Steve, is that lift on promotion, that traditional lift where you put a promotion and you measure the growth that it's no longer what it used to be. So we have to resort to a number of levers to be able to maintain volume. We tried a number of things in Q4. We are very happy with the results. And that would be reflected moving forward. So that's what you want to expect from us. Some category we're going to move harder. Others we would move softer. All in all, we will manage our revenues always to be ahead to improve our margins.
Steven Strycula - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey. Good afternoon, everyone.
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hi, Bryan.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Just two questions from me. One is your thinking about  as we're looking at 2017 and at some point later this year, you'll start to begin the process I guess of repatriating some of the Kraft brands licenses from Mondelz. Is there anything that you're doing in 2017 and maybe spending ahead of that or anything in there that affects that we should be thinking about in terms of 2017 growth or performance?
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hi, Bryan. Good afternoon, this is Bernardo. Look, about the repatriation, you're right, there would be the brands coming back to us in January 2018, and there is some work to be done in preparation. But from a cost standpoint or from a revenue standpoint, there is really no benefit or impact in the year, right. There is preparation from marketing, from distribution, from our manufacturing capabilities to hit the ground and be running, but I don't think there will be an impact to  on the cost or the revenue for the repatriation efforts.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, thank you. And then just a couple of housekeeping items, can you give us now a sense of what we should look for D&A for this year, depreciation and amortization, interest expense? And maybe just how we should think about transactional foreign exchange?
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hi, Bryan. This is Paulo. So, starting from the D&A, we are in Q4  we're today in a related Q4, $135 million, that's where we are today, so this would take us in $440 million next year. And on top of that, we believe that we're going to have additional $50 million because of the footprint investment that we are doing during 2016. And it looks the interest rates is pretty much our  we have an average cost of debt of 2.9% per year, roughly $32 billion in gross debt, so this would be around $1.3 billion in interest rate. And again, we expect this to come down a little bit once we pay the $2 billion debt that we're going to have in the mid of the year.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay.
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - The Kraft Heinz Co.: So this is pretty much D&A interest expense. Regarding the transaction FX, now we are expecting to see some headwinds in Europe. But again I think our team  our local team is taking the right measures there to have a balanced approach in terms of setting these with price, and also  but also getting the best distribution and sales position to offset that. It's important to  again to remember that Europe for us is 4% of the business and UK is around 0.5% of that.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Rob Dickerson from Deutsche Bank.
Rob Dickerson - Deutsche Bank: Good evening, everyone. I just have one simple question just on your pointing to the three core brands, and kind of the five core categories globally. So is the expectation, I guess mainly in 2017 as you plan to invest more in certain areas of opportunity in North America. Considering it is still about 75%, three-quarters of your EBITDA. Is the expectation that that investment will be in North America in those brands, and then later you would invest more so in those three core brands on a global basis, so you start in the U.S., but then you expect to continue investing in those brands globally to gain scope, then hopefully improve returns, or we just stick with the investment in North America for now because that's really where the majority of the cash flow is coming?
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hi, Rob. This is Bernardo. I think, it was important to highlight that, just to give a sense of the direction of the focusing looking at three global brands and five top categories that really, when you mix all them represent 70% of the business, and you're going to move forward. That is United States and North America like I mentioned, but also worldwide. And so I don't think there is a distinction really in the amount of investment between U.S. and international. They will be  they'll be moving together. They'll pursue different states and different  what the business is by country and by region, but as a focus looking mid-term, those are the ones. I think, it's important in your question also to highlight that our business is a balance between global brands and local brands. Global brands having the strength and the scale to grow multi-categories and multi-regions; and the local jewelry (39:49) like we like to call customizing to consumer needs on local markets and regions. So we are really happy with our portfolio and the balance we have today between the global brands and local brands, and the specific categories. But those three global, we're calling global brands, in those five categories is really what's going to push us to the next level that we're calling this balance towards profitable growth. I don't think there is a distinction between investment in North America or internationally. It would be case-by-case depending on the state of the business at the regional level.
Rob Dickerson - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow from Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hi, thank you. I just wanted to make sure I understood how the savings will flow through as you build up to $1.7 billion. If I assume that things kind of stay the way they are in the first half of 2017, you would still have quite a bit of benefit versus first quarter a year ago and second quarter a year ago. In fact, I could argue that that gives you the best tailwind in first quarter, but you are guiding to a weaker first quarter. So can I understand like do you expect first quarter to be like your weakest EBITDA growth quarter because of these other Easter factors and such? Or is that offset just by the easy comparison on the saves? Thanks.
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hi, Rob. This is Paulo. So I think I hear two questions here. So in terms of how the savings will flow through our P&L in 2017, yeah, as we're seeing with this new, this updated guidance we're giving, we're seeing more savings come in the second half of the year versus the first half of the year. This is pretty much driven by two things is: one, that we're having the investments that are inside the savings number, as I mentioned before, in the first half of the year; and two, there is addition of saves that we found also is going to start more in the second half of the year as we expected today. So that's one thing. In terms of seasonality, in terms of Q1 versus the full year next year, I think the three things that we are mentioning here I think is, first of all, the Easter shift Q1 versus Q2; and this break down of this savings flow that we expect the first half of the year where we're going to have more investments and in the back half of the year we're going to have more net savings, as I've just explained to you. So I think those are the two points that I would like to make.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. But just to clarify, the investments are included in that net savings number. So does that mean  fourth quarter you had about $345 million of net savings. Could it possibly go down in first quarter because of the investments sequentially?
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - The Kraft Heinz Co.: I don't want to give the guidance break down by quarter. But again, we always believe that we are adding initiatives in savings and we're adding also investments. So we believe that our savings are going to ramp up throughout the year.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. Just want to make sure we're aligned, but thank you.
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Michael Lavery from CLSA.
Michael Lavery - CLSA Americas LLC: Good afternoon and thank you. Can you just confirm  I think I caught this, but one of the five categories you said you would focused on, I think it was baby food and you clearly have a smaller footprint there now. I think it's mostly Italy and a little bit in China. When you talk about that as a white space opportunity, is that just organically or would you consider M&A to be a part of that as well?
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hi, Michael. Look, we always look with this, the way that we think the categories and the brand, we always look and think about profitable and organic growth. So the way you're directing here is all organic. And the reason for that is actually you're right to say it's true. A small part in the total portfolio, but very relevant in many countries important for us, including Canada, including Australia, including the UK, for sure Italy like you mentioned, for sure China, Mexico, you're getting to Brazil, Russia that's the biggest category we have there. So when you see all this, even the small presence, where we have a presence it's significant through the Heinz brand most part of the time, sometimes local brands like Plasmon in Italy and so on. And we believe there is a lot of opportunities, like you said, in whitespace geography, again, country-by-country, region-by-region. There is a role that can be played and we want to look at that with the right expectation.
Michael Lavery - CLSA Americas LLC: Okay. Thank you. That's very helpful. And then just one other clarification on 1Q. You talked about the Easter shift and the higher investments and the savings pacing being more back-half loaded. Is the Easter shift  that seems more like it affects a shift into 2Q? You also talked about the trade loading in helping 4Q. Is that also potentially one of the headwinds in 1Q or do you think that was that more a pipeline fill for new products or something that might not have as much of a drag on 1Q?
George Zoghbi - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Michael, George here. So as I said in my earlier remark, we have two things that will affect the first Q. One is the Easter shift. And, normally, we put that at just over 1%, 1% to 1.5%, something like that. And the second one that is unique to this year. Because of the strong promotional activities that we've had in the month of December, we put a lot of inventory to support that. That inventory is working its way off in January. And as I said in my remarks, that would be about a 0.5 point. So that will be, to give you an idea, what are the headwinds we will be facing in Q1. One of them is the shift between Q1 and Q2 and the other one is a one-off due to the inventory work-off.
Michael Lavery - CLSA Americas LLC: Okay, perfect. Thank you very much.
George Zoghbi - The Kraft Heinz Co.: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Ken Goldman from JPMorgan.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Thank you. Two for me. First, there's obviously a lot of uncertainty in general right now regarding U.S. tax law, currency exchange rates, et cetera. So I'm curious if that uncertainty  to what degree does it affect your desire, your ability to pull a trigger on a next deal whatever that might be because obviously it's more challenging than usual for any company, not just you, to forecast cash flow for any potential target in this kind of environment? I'm just curious is the macro uncertainty high on your list? It's not really high on your list of concerns. How do you think about that when you think about potential M&A going forward?
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hi, Ken. This is Paulo. So, again, I think, first of all, we don't need another acquisition to drive value. And, again, as Bernardo mentioned, we have brands that can sell well. We have a lot of whitespace in front of us. And, again, we are going to evaluate any opportunity that makes sense for the company, that creates value for the company. But again, as a matter of practice we don't comment on possible opportunities.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: But you can't comment even on the general way of thinking about it?
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - The Kraft Heinz Co.: I prefer not to comment on how so and hypotheticals.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And then, Paulo, you've talked to us in the past, maybe the answer is no comment here as well, but I'll try anyway. You've talked to us in the past about how important it is for this vehicle, The Kraft Heinz, to have, I think in your worlds, iconic brands. And I'm just trying to get a sense, not in an M&A sense, but given what you have already. Why is this quality so critical? Why do you value it so heavily? Really what does it mean to Kraft? I'm just trying to get a sense for maybe why certain assets with I guess call it good brands that maybe don't qualify in your mind as iconic wouldn't be a great fit for what you're trying to do?
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Ken, what we've always said is that we believe that we like a lot the industry and we believe that the most valuable asset and the most valuable asset that we have, the asset that gives us the most competitive advantage are the brands. So we value a lot the brands that we own, so that was pretty much the mention I made at that time.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - The Kraft Heinz Co.: We think it's very important, very strong brand in the portfolio.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you very much.
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Jason English from Goldman Sachs.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey, guys. Thanks for carving out some time for me. Appreciate it. Congratulations on a strong year in totality. A couple questions for me. First, the pricing of the commodities benefit for the year. Where did we stack and rack as the year finished out?
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hi, Jason, this is Paulo. So when we said in terms of the commodity, we said that in 2016 we had a deflationary year. We mentioned at the beginning  not the beginning, in the mid of the year that we would expect this benefit to stay but it didn't. And in 2017, when we take a look at the spot and forward rates, we're likely to see year-over-year inflation. And we're already seeing that in cheese, coffee, bacon, as George mentioned. So that's what we are today.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. Any specificity in terms of the benefit though, that PNOC benefit for the year?
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Yeah. So, if you think about what we saw in Q4, we had  definitely we had benefit in price in our results in Q4. But as we're implementing revenue management, key commodity costs are just one of the inputs of our category strategy. And separating the impact of price or PNOC from the variances of the commodity is not as informative as it used to be. So I can say that we had a price benefit in our results in Q4, but I think separate the price initiatives that we had from PNOC is not as informative as it used to be.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: I think that's a great point, because some of the skeptics out there are going to take the EBITDA growth, they're going to take the synergy number, they're going to back it out, they're going to take the PNOC benefit to at least the first three quarters, back it out, give you credit for currency, and point to an underlying EBITDA decline, net of those benefits, all-in. And say, maybe that's sort of the underlying rate. This is excluding the savings and sort of net savings of $500 million next year. The underlying business is flat to down. And when those savings run out, the business will fall off. And certainly, if you look at consensus, consensus right now is modeling more than $500 million of EBITDA growth next year. So they're going to view that with some degree of skepticism, given you only have $500 million of savings in the underlying soft. What's wrong with that line of thinking or is there some validity in that line of thinking? And how should we be thinking about the underlying business, even absent sort of the cost saves on the forward?
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Now, when you think about our model  our overall model, we always  always as I said, we expect growth coming from Rest of the World. We have the savings flowing through, and you have our other initiatives, revenue management, we have investment in new products that we're doing to boost our sales and our results. So it's a bunch of initiatives that we have that will compound our results for next year and the following years.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. Thank you very much.
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard from Bernstein Research.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Good evening, everyone.
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Good evening.
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hey, good evening.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: So for investors last quarter, there was a concern about the trends in Europe, and I think things have changed over there, but that's still an element of concern. Basically, that's the legacy Heinz business that you've now owned for a little over three years. This time around the EBITDA still shrinking, I guess attributed to some step-ups and timing of overhead spending. How you  how can you address the concern that that European business and maybe particularly the UK seems to be slipping? How much were those overhead timing effect this time around, and when do you expect that business to gain some traction again? Thank you.
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hi, Alexia, it's Bernardo. Like we mentioned in the last call and continue to be, the point, our goal in Europe is to return to profitable growth. We really think that our performance  that was a weak performance in 2016 and Europe has absolutely no correlation with the cost side and like you mentioned the overhead, I think, there was a lot of correlation on the stakes, on the go-to-market and things on the promo side, volume mix that didn't work out as we showed, and what we are actually encouraged about is when you see the Q4, the performance by all the business, especially the Benelux and the UK had improved significant looking at sell out consumption, looking at share on the main category, soup, beans, sauces, and you already have 70% of renovation for the year ready in the market. So the results from the Q4 plus what you're seeing now in January moving into February, I really encouraged by a much better performance 2017 in Europe than you had 2016. Still going to be challenged, the retail environment is challenged like the density (54:59) between FX rate and everything that's happening in the continent. But that being said, I think the performance Q4 is really encouraging about we can have a better performance looking at 2017, than our weak performance in 2016.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Will you be able to get some EBITDA growth at some point in Europe? I guess the question is, yes, the top-line is improving. But at what cost, that's the question I am getting.
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Look again, when we talk about profitable growth and like Paulo mentioned in the beginning, our idea of sales mix, really sales flowing to the bottom line. We have no intention of gaining sales without profitability. Component that come attached to that. There are investments that needs to be done in the marketing side and in go-to-market side that I think we have been doing and we'll continue to do it. But that being said, if we're able to create profitable growth sales in Europe that should come also with a better performance in the bottom line.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Thank you. I'll pass it on.
Christopher M. Jakubik - Kraft Foods Group, Inc.: Shall we take maybe one more question?
Operator: Certainly. Our final question for today comes from the line of Chris Growe from Stifel.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hi, good evening. I just had two quick ones for you. I wanted to ask if I could first, with reference to the revenue management program, is that contingent on capital investments and footprint rationalization such that we wouldn't see much of that benefit until the second half of the year or does that program sort of kick in early in the year.
George Zoghbi - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Chris, thank you. This is George. We've been working on establishing the revenue management program infrastructure, processes, and the benefit of it for quite some times now. And as we said in a number of key items we saw that what we used to call our pricing strategy or pricing commodity or trade spend. All of it now is part of our revenue management program. So we're not separating where the efficiency is coming from. So the best, it works best for us just in the investment in the footprint, but more in investment in brands and particularly in building the brand equity as we invest in marketing activity, as we invest in new products, as we invest in renovations like taking out official stuff out like what we did with Mac & Cheese, what we did with frozen meals. You see categories that were declining at double-digit. Now they're all of a sudden increasing at high single-digits. So that's giving us the power to one, price and two, the ability to increase household penetration, so renovation of product and innovation of product. So that's for us is the better working model.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you. And then just one quick one, I think for Paulo. You talked about in the quarter some incremental investments. I believe marketing was up in the quarter as well as some of the overhead timing. Could you quantify those in anyway percentages or give us any idea of how much that could have burdened the fourth quarter?
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Yeah. So when you think about the Q4, North America, EBITDA increase that we have, the majority of the EBITDA came from savings. We also had, as I said, some benefit coming from price in our EBITDA and this timing of overhead that each of them offset each other then they're both in the range of $50 million. That's what we saw.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Thank you for your time.
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And that concludes our question-and-answer session for today. I would like to turn the conference back over to Chris Jakubik for any closing comments.
Christopher M. Jakubik - Kraft Foods Group, Inc.: Well, thank you, everybody for joining us this afternoon. For any of the analysts who have follow-up questions, myself and Andy Larkin will be available to take your calls. And for anybody in the media with follow-up questions, Michael Mullen will be here for you as well. So, thank you very much and have a great evening.
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Thank you.
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program and you may now disconnect. Everyone have a good day.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-11-04 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Christopher M. Jakubik - Kraft Foods Group, Inc. Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co. George Zoghbi - The Kraft Heinz Co. Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - The Kraft Heinz Co.
Analysts: Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co. John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC
Operator: Good day. My name is Latif, and I will be your operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to The Kraft Heinz Company's Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. I will now turn the call over to Chris Jakubik, Head of Global Investor Relations. Mr. Jakubik, you may begin.
Christopher M. Jakubik - Kraft Foods Group, Inc.: Hello, everyone, and thanks for joining our business update for the third quarter of 2016. With me today are Bernardo Hees, our CEO; Paulo Baslio, our CFO; and George Zoghbi, the Chief Operating Officer of our U.S. Commercial Business. During our remarks, we'll make some forward-looking statements that are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ due to risks and uncertainties, and these are discussed in our press release and our filings with the SEC. We'll also discuss some non-GAAP financial measures during the call today. These non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered a replacement for, and should be read together with, GAAP results. And you could find the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our earnings release and at the back of the slide presentation available on our website. Now, let's turn to slide 2, and I'll hand it over to Bernardo.
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Thank you, Chris, and good afternoon, everyone. I will start by repeating what I said in today's earnings release, that I think our third quarter results are very representative of the way we stand as a company. We had some normal timing impacts this quarter, which one hand benefit Canada sales and EBITDA and in other hand made Europe's financial results look worse than our internal assessment would indicate. Overall, our Q3 results show that we have delivered respectable financials, but we still have significant room for improvement. We are doing a good job in a difficult environment. We're working effectively to navigate a combination of headwinds from deflationary commodities to increased retail competition in some of our biggest markets. We are putting more in-store activity into the marketplace than in the first half. But we're remaining disciplined with our go-to-market activities, balancing price, promotion, and distribution while we innovate to drive profitable growth. As a result, we are holding our improving market share in the majority of our categories and our key markets. Much of this is due to our Big Bet strategy and our ability to bend trends and capturing whitespace. For the amount of Heinz Serious Good Mayo in many markets to Heinz Barbecue Sauces in the United States, spicy ketchup into new markets and soy sauce expansion in China, our global sauces franchise continues to drive category growth in our share in markets around the world. At the more local level, the introduction of Heinz Beans Creations led to more than 2 points of share gain in Australia during Q3. We are now investing behind the launch of Planters in China and Kraft's Mac & Cheese in Brazil, and you're seeing some significant trend bending from our Big Bet in the U.S. thanks to George and his team. That being said, we still have opportunity to turn around several problematic categories which George and Paulo will highlight in a minute. In Europe in particular, I would add that while our shares are in decent shape overall and whitespace initiatives on the continent are doing well, we have been slow to get the right offering in what is our more competitive and evolving retail environment, the UK. We're getting more aggressive to jumpstart our categories in the country, and do expect their results next year. On the cost front, we remain on track with our saving initiatives. Our integration program delivered roughly $330 million of savings in Q3, or roughly $1.3 billion on a run rate basis, and close to our goal. But we will not stop looking for additional savings. Not only is it important to secure our investment to drive top line growth, it has been the main driver of the 20% growth in adjusted EBITDA in both Q3 and year-to-date. Our focus now is to set the table for 2017, delivering high quality operation results in end market execution in the fourth quarter, as we look to build strong momentum going into next year. In terms of (05:28), this is an important time for us internally. We are fully immersed in our second annual planning process as a merged company. We continue to grow and learn from each other. And our people are in the process of aligning behind our clear vision by setting challenging goals for 2017. Soon, more than 6,000 Kraft Heinz employees will finalize their objectives for the year ahead, which cascade down directly from my objectives in collaboration with our board of directors. These also incorporate specifically GPI's commitment including significant cost targets, finalizing our Big Bets initiatives for the year ahead and determining the exact whitespace areas to push into. As a company of owners, we take our commitment in our results personally and we make it a point to reward those who deliver on their goals. In just the third quarter alone, we promoted more than 550 Kraft Heinz employees. This is what it means to work in a performance-driven culture. It's an exciting time. We feel good about the opportunity to drive profitable growth and we look forward to updating our expectation for 2017 in the months ahead. But now, let's turn to slide 3 to review the Q3 financial results that we are building upon. On the top line, we finally seem to be getting some relief from the foreign exchange headwinds we have been experiencing for the past several quarters. In Q3, currency was essentially neutral. Only a 0.5 negative versus the roughly 4% point drag we saw in the first half of the year. On an organic basis, net sales were down 1 point as pricing turned unfavorable having been positive in the first half. Versus the prior-year, pricing was down 0.7 percentage points, largely reflecting; one, deflation in meat and coffee in the United States and coffee in Canada; two, higher promotion mainly driven by timing of expenses in Europe, as well as stepping up support behind new product launches in markets around the world. Volume mix was down 0.3 percentage points, an improvement versus the 70 basis point decline we saw in the first half of the year. Versus the prior year, volume mix reflected the lower shipment, particularly in cold cuts and food service in the United States. This more than offset significant gains from innovation in Lunchables, in our Mac & Cheese portfolio in U.S. and continued growth of condiments and sauces globally. Net EBITDA, we drove strong dollar growth in margin performance year-over-year from a combination of our solid cost-savings performance and, to a lesser extent than we saw in the first half, favorable pricing relative to key commodities cost in North America. As a side note here, why our Q3 EBITDA margins were down sequentially from Q2 in the first half of the year? This was due to the normal seasonality of our business mix, particularly in North America. In fact, we are quite comfortable with our margin progression and how the year is playing out at the EBITDA line. At the EPS line, adjusted EPS was up almost 90% versus the prior period to $0.83. This reflects three factors: one, our solid EBITDA growth; two, the benefits from refinancing the preferred stock; and three, lower taxes driven by some discrete items coming into play in the current period. Now, I will hand this over to George and Paulo to talk more about how we did in each reported segment and what are expecting going forward. George?
George Zoghbi - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Thank you, Bernardo, and good afternoon, everyone. Let's turn to slide 4 and our performance in the United States. Consistent with our goal for the year, in Q3 we again delivered stable, if not improving, top line performance during significant transformation of our business. First and foremost, our new product initiatives are working well and having a measurable impact. Our Mac & Cheese renovation is bringing people back into the category, boosting consumption and household penetration. Cracker Barrel Mac & Cheese and Devour frozen meal are addressing previously un-served segments of the market. Capri Sun Organic continues to build distribution and is doing well. Our Heinz Sauces business had a very successful summer season, led by our new Heinz Barbecue Sauces and the second year of Heinz mustard. And in cheese, Philadelphia Cream Cheese continues to grow strongly and we're seeing good improvement in the nacho cheese segment. We also expect the impact of our new product activities to build into Q4 with advertising about to go live behind the launch of VELVEETA Mini Block and our all natural Jell-O Simply Good dry package dessert. The second factor I would highlight is Q3 shipment versus consumption bridge where we continued to see improvement. As you can see in the chart, our categories were essentially flat and our main challenge continued to be net market share losses. Behind the numbers, I can tell you that more than 80% of our impact from share losses are due to cold cuts, roast and ground coffee and snack nuts, a significantly shorter list than we've seen in the past. And in each of these areas, we either have initiatives already in the marketplace or soon to be launched to reverse those trends. So overall, we are feeling good about our momentum in measured channel. With regards to non-measured channel and changes in the retail inventory, there are three things at work. First, we continued to see strong growth in non-measured retail channels like club and value stores. Second, we continue to add new food service customers as we go after whitespace opportunities. However, Global Food Service in Q3 was down slightly due to the traffic decline that you've heard about from the restaurant companies, as well as some proactive trimming of less profitable contracts in our ingredients business. And third, we had new product pipeline shipments of the VELVEETA and Jell-O innovations that I mentioned, as well as a few others that benefited Q3 shipment. The final piece of my update is our integration program, where we are well underway and, more importantly, on plan. During Q3, we maintained 98% case fill rate, despite some service issues that continued to negatively impact cold cuts and Lunchables and held back our sales in those two parts of the business. That being said, we are improving those service issues in Q4. More importantly, the overall integration project will make us more competitive in 2017 and beyond from simplifying our network and co-locating similar types of production line to modernizing our production processes and improving product quality. In summary, we have a full plate of opportunities to drive profitable growth in our U.S. business, and I look forward to updating you in coming quarters. With that, I'll turn it over to Paulo to wrap up our comments.
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Thank you, George, and good afternoon, everyone. I will start on slide 5 and add some more detail on Q3 U.S. financials. In the third quarter, U.S. organic sales were down 1.2%. We think that pricing was down 0.7 percentage points due to roughly 1.5 point of key commodity deflation, mainly in meats and coffee. Volume mix was down 0.5 percentage point, an improvement from the 1.5% decline we saw in the first half of the year. We delivered strong gains from innovation led by Lunchables in our Mac & Cheese renovation, as well as improved volume and mix benefits in our coffee business. But these were offset by lower shipments in cold cuts, foodservice and nuts. In terms of adjusted EBITDA and margins, while margins were down sequentially due to normal seasonality of the U.S. business, significant year-over-year growth in margin expansion was similar to what we saw in the first half of the year. This was driven by integration program savings and, to a much lesser extent, favorable pricing relative to lower key commodity costs. While we've seen the benefit of pricing relative to key commodity costs for the first nine months of the year, we expect commodities favorability to fade even more in the fourth quarter. Let's turn to slide 6, and the significant gains we saw in Canada's Q3 numbers. Currency turned neutral on the top line, and was a small benefit to EBITDA in the quarter, much better than the significant drag it was in the first half of the year. Organically, volume mix swung to 3.4 percentage points of growth, up from negative 2 percentage points in the first half, and driving Q3 organic net sales growth of 2%. By contrast, pricing was down 1.4 percentage points, having been up 3.4 percentage points in the first half of the year, due to commodity-driven pricing actions in coffee. Now, before we get to EBITDA, I have to note that the Q3 volume mix gains were driven by a combination of early event-related shipment versus the prior year and foodservice gains. And while the gains in foodservice have a good chance of repeating, we are likely to give back a good portion of the positive Q3 volume mix in Q4. At the profit line, adjusted EBITDA was up 32.7% versus the year ago period in constant currency terms. This was driven by a combination of gains from cost savings initiatives, and this favorable volume mix I just described. I would also note that consistent with what we said on our last call, there was no material impact at EBITDA from key commodities in Q3. And I will add that, we may see it turn into an unfavorable impact in Q4. That brings us to Europe on slide 7. Overall, it's fair to say that we've been up and down in Europe over the past few quarters. Results this quarter were sequentially worse than Q2, after Q2 was sequentially better than Q1. However, we do not believe that the underlying trends are as bad as the Q3 numbers suggest. Let me deconstruct the results to give a clear picture of underlying trend. Pricing was down 2.9 percentage points, primarily due to the timing of promotional expenses versus the prior year. Volume mix decreased 4.9 percentage points, reflecting a combination of shipment timing versus the prior year and on-going consumption weakness in several categories, primarily in UK and Netherlands. So from both a pricing and volume mix perspective, roughly half of the decline in each was due to timing that we would not expect to repeat going forward. As a result of the factors I just described, we saw constant currency EBITDA and margins down slightly, both on a sequential basis and versus the prior year. This reflected the combination of unfavorable volume mix and pricing I just described and increased market investments that offset ongoing manufacturing savings. And, again, roughly half of the constant currency decline was due to timing that we do not expect to repeat. So, overall, we think that the health of our European business is better than our Q3 numbers indicated, and with some changes in the works, we expect the business to be a meaningful contributor in 2017. Finally, we will look at the rest of the world on slide 8. Here, for the first quarter in many, foreign currency was not a significant headwind. In fact, it was slightly positive as we lapped recognition off Venezuelan bolivar devaluation. In terms of organic growth, we saw some deceleration versus the second quarter. Much of it came from pricing, which increased 1.9 percentage points. While this was driven by pricing to offset higher input cost in local currency, particularly in Latin America, it also included higher promotional expanding to support new product initiatives like launching Planters in China and re-launching our soy sauces line in Indonesia. On a sequential basis, we experienced less local input cost inflation to offset with pricing as well as a step up in support behind new product activity and we would expect each of these factors to come into play in the near term. Volume/mix was up 1.7 percentage points versus last year. Again, a deceleration from the first half primarily reflecting three factors; one, continued strong growth in condiments and sauces in all regions; two, a decline in our ABC Soy Sauce business in Indonesia. And three, a temporary disruption in distribution within our Middle East and Africa business due to retailer consolidation in the region. Overall, while we did see some deceleration in sales this quarter, going forward, we expect the distribution issues to be resolved and have investments in place to accelerate growth. So we don't see any reason to change our expectations for a strong growth in our rest of the world business, either in the near term or longer term. Adjusted EBITDA, it was down 3.9% in constant currency terms as organic sales growth was not enough to offset higher input costs from local currency and our investments in new product initiatives. In a sense, we invested in Q3 ahead of growth. Going forward, while we face a strong comparison in Q4, we do expect better performance at the EBITDA line in our rest of the world business in 2017. Now, before we go to Q&A, on slide 9, I want to cover a few more factors that may impact our financial performance over the near to medium term. We start and more as a reminder than a comment on our operating performance. From a comparison's perspective, I think it's important to note one of the six factors that will affect our Q4 results. That is we will experience comparisons to a Q4 2015 that included a 53rd week of shipment. Recall that when we reported Q4 2015 results, we mentioned that the 53rd week benefited net sales by 4.7% and adjusted EBITDA by 4.5 percentage points. The second factor I want to highlight is our expectations around our integration program. Right now, we are keeping all of our targets the same, savings and cost to achieve. We are still targeting integration program savings of $1.5 billion, net of inflation by 2017. As we've said before, savings have come in faster than we expected. And we do expect that input cost inflation outside of key commodity costs in North America is likely to be a partial offset to savings moving forward, especially as 2017 progress. That said, as Bernardo mentioned, we are currently firming up our 2017 plans both cost and savings expectations, so we will be in a better position to provide a more robust update in the coming months. Along those lines, we are also finalizing our plans and investments behind our 2017 pipeline of Big Bets and whitespace initiatives to drive profitable growth. Based on what we've already seen in the marketplace, we remain confident in our ability to drive improvements in our top-line trends in existing markets and invest behind whitespace expansion opportunities for Kraft and Heinz brands in both foodservice and international channels. And we look forward to talking about these initiatives in the months ahead. The last item I want to highlight is our progress and our expectations with regard to debt leverage. To the end of Q3, we have reduced our leverage to the 3.7 to 3.8 range. And this is down from roughly 4.5 only a year ago. So, we are making great progress on our goal to achieve below 3 times ratio over the medium term. And we expect this to continue at a strong pace as we move forward. This includes fulfilling our commitment to pay off $2 billion of debt when it matures next year. That completes our update to the third of 2016. There were certainly a number of puts and takes in our Q3 results. But overall, the progress we've continued to make, improving our operations and performance in the marketplace, gives us confidence that the profitable growth we've delivered to-date, is sustainable and that we can build on this going forward. Our focus from here is to finalize a strong agenda for 2017 and finish 2016 in a way that gives us good momentum heading into the next year. Thank you. And now, we'd be happy to take your questions.
Operator: Our first question comes from the line of Ken Goldman of JPMorgan. Your question, please.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Good afternoon, everyone. You said you were sticking with $1.5 billion in synergy guidance. I think the words were quote right now, is it safe to say, given that you're already at $1.3 billion and you're five quarters ahead of your target date that it's really no longer a question of whether the $1.5 billion number will be raised, but I guess rather by how much and when you might raise it?
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hi, Ken. This is Paulo. Again, I think what I can say for you now that we're still targeting the $1.5 billion net of inflation for next year. I can share with you that, yes, we have a good visibility on strong stream of future savings, but we are still finalizing our expectations around things like cost inflation, product and brand investment and I think that we'll be in a better position to provide a more complete update in the coming months for you.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And one more from me. You mentioned I think two or three quarters ago, that maybe you had  and correct me if this is wrong, kind of bit much out of some spending in the UK, I think if memory serves, it was related to some soup promotions and maybe you thought it was prudent to add some of those promos back. As the year has progressed, is there anyone else  or anywhere else rather you really cut into the bone and you had to add back, whether it's in terms of number of people, capabilities, promotions? I'm just trying to get a sense because you've been very aggressive and it seems all to have been so successful, are there any areas where maybe you had to tweak your initial expectations or practices perhaps?
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hi, Ken. It's Bernardo. Thanks for the question. Let me start by the end. I really don't think the UK performance, and I'm going to comment about that in a minute, has anything to do with the level of spend or we cut too much on the model that  I can guarantee you, we really don't see that way. What I think is important when it's to Europe, and especially the UK that you mentioned, is to separate, because we continue to have a solid performance in Continental Europe, okay? With the exception of the Netherlands, I would say all other countries are having a positive year and with a good buildup of plans for 2017. But our performance in UK has been poor, right? The environment has been difficult, but that has been the case for a couple of years, and we really don't see that changing in the next coming months, quarters, or even years. I really believe we have been slow to react and get the right price mix and offering in the marketplace. If you see our market share, especially on key categories like beans, sauces, and others, and also to some small degree soups, it hasn't changed that much, has been quite solid share performance. But we haven't suffered from a category decline in a channel mix change in the country. There is a lot happening now, especially with the new soup season that starts right now as the winter approaches the country. So we're really changing a lot our balanced price, promotion, distribution in this very shaky retail environment in the UK. We had a change in leadership in the country as well. We moved our most  one of the most talented commercial people we had from Australia, New Zealand that are even more difficult when you concentrate with the environment to the UK and Europe to lead our business there. So I'm really confident that we can have a better performance looking at 2017 and beyond. We're seeing all the seeds of the performance and that's already happening as we speak. That being said, the mistakes we did on price mix and distribution, now a good learning for us to have a much more solid plan coming 2017.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Chris Growe of Stifel. Your line is open.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Thank you. Good afternoon. My first question for you just in relation to the net cost savings that you reported of $330 million in the quarter. I just want to get a sense, does that incorporate any measurable benefit from lower input cost or lower cost in general? And then would you accept that the turn sort of be more of a drag on that figure in the fourth quarter with more in 2017 when you expect that to occur?
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Yeah. Hi, Chris. It's Paulo again. It incorporates all the savings and all the cost base we have. It does not incorporate any type of the big four commodities that we have. But all the other costs are inside these numbers.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Thank you. And then, I just want to make sure I follow a bit on Ken's question in relation to Europe. I think you mentioned around half of the decline in organic sales was due to some unique factors. It still suggests sales was down 4%. I think you have some easier comps coming up, but you also mentioned having some more plans in place to accelerate that growth in Europe. Is that a near-term opportunity or 2017? And I think you just mentioned how the UK remains quite weak. Are these UK-related plans or more around the Continental Europe?
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hi Chris, it's Bernardo. Like following up the question before, like I said, if we see our Continental performance, again, with the exception of the Netherlands, it's actually quite solid in all countries including Italy, where we have been experienced more difficulty in past years and we have been improving. So that being said, that we're not changing our plans for Continental Europe in no means. The performance in UK that for us has been disappointed. Like I mentioned before, it's true that overall 50% has been one-offs, like Paolo said, and a fact, but we are working on the categories we have a strong presence like soups and so on. We'd come here completely different product offering in volume/mix, promotions and so on. And also remember that you're coming with other Big Bets looking 2017 and beyond that I think really can move the needle in the country. I think a good example of that would be Heinz Serious Good Mayo that we just had the start in the last really seven months, eight months and it's doing quite well from a market share standpoint. And we see more of that coming 2017 and beyond. Is that going to be enough to the turnaround of margin to the country? It's for us to prove. But they're the seeds of the things we are doing there, are definitely showing much better results and give us optimism about what's happening for the coming quarters and years in the country.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ken Zaslow of Bank of Montreal. Your line is open.
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hey, good afternoon, everyone.
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hi, Ken.
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): You discussed that there had been some mistakes in terms of the pricing and promotional spending. Can you talk about where you are on your analytics of this process because when I think about you guys, I think that you guys are probably the most furthest along on the analytics of understanding where your promotional spending will get the greatest lift and it sounds like throughout the world, there were some issues  spotty issues. I was just kind of curious to see what analytics you're working on, where you're going with it and how far along you think you are?
George Zoghbi - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Thank you, Ken. This is George, and I will speak in general because one feature of our business model is that they are very similar processes we use in the United States and around the world and one of them, utilization of analytics to really manage revenue, manage cost and so forth. Where we are now, we're very happy that we have the capability built already to look at more granular understanding of category drivers and performance. We've done that for about 30, 34 categories. So far, it has had some positive effect, but limited to few categories, one or two in each business unit. And we like the results we are seeing. It will take time though to execute all the opportunities we identified by category or by geography. And for us, this is an area where we would like to get it done right rather than move fast because it's a very delicate area and it requires a number of things to come together within the organization and us working with external parties.
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Great. And my second question is, you talked about commodity inflation. Which commodities are you seeing inflationary, or are you talking about labor costs and healthcare costs, because it seems like there is  at least the meat cost seems very deflationary. Can you talk about that?
George Zoghbi - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Thank you. Look. I'll talk about the commodity, and I will pass to Paulo to talk a little bit about other costs and give you color about that. So, the big four commodities that have impact on our business are mainly in dairy, in meat, in coffee and in nuts. And we have seen a different direction depending on the category. So as of late, we have seen coffee has edged up a little bit, so has dairy, where meat went into the other direction. For us, it's very hard to try to call where it's going to be in the future. We are better off at managing the actual outcome of it than actually trying to forecast it, especially the movement, whether up or down, that we are seeing has no fundamental. But we feel very good about our ability to manage it regardless which direction it went to. As for the rest of the cost, I'll pass it on to Paulo to give you some color.
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Oh, yes, George. Now, if you think about it, now there's some inflation outlook here, we are expecting some input cost inflation outside our big four commodities in 2017. I think we're going to have a better color of that in the few months ahead. But just remember that when we track and do  when we track our savings, all of these costs beside the big four are included in the number that we provide to the market.
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Great. Thank you very much.
George Zoghbi - The Kraft Heinz Co.: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Matthew Grainger of Morgan Stanley. Your question, please.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi. Thanks, everyone. I wanted to ask two category specific questions to George. First is on the meats business. I was hoping you could elaborate a bit on the drivers of the weakness, and to what extent, if any, has that been driven by competitive dynamics in the category as opposed to service issues? And while you're taking these steps to fix the business, have there been any  have these fulfillment issues resulted in any sort of distribution losses that we should expect to take longer to correct?
George Zoghbi - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Thank you very much, Matt, and let me answer your question. Within the meat business, we have a number of categories, so let me break it down and give you commentary around each one of them. The service issues that we have are restricted to two categories, happen to be large categories for us. One is what we call the cold cuts, which is the sliced meat, and the other one is Lunchables. Lunchables is driven by a very, very strong demand. We saw mid-year some double-digit growth in that business. And, while it's been growing, our ability to supply has been somehow constrained, and we are working now and getting out of it, but the business is still growing. In cold cuts, in the sliced meat, we have had capacity issues, and this is the area where we are investing the most, and our footprint changes. We're essentially building brand-new factories, two brand-new factories, one in Davenport, one in Kirksville as an addition to the factories we have there. And we started working on getting out of the service levels, but that was severely affected with service levels. And we had some distribution losses in some of the customers and that was jointly managed and agreed between us and our trade partners and within time as our ability to supply increases, you will see us moving forward in that. As for the hotdog category, that is a category issue. So our market share is in line with where the category and our growth rate or decline is in line with the categories, and we feel very good about our bacon business where we are doing well.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you, George. And just one other question, could you talk a bit more about the approach to nutritional meals and the Smart Ones brand in particular? Just curious if you're proactively walking away from SKUs or product lines there, and whether there's any plans in place to reposition or upgrade that business?
George Zoghbi - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Thank you. And let me  what we did over the past few months, we reframed the frozen meat categories to broaden the customer base that we are serving. Historically, we only serviced a very small segment within the broader frozen meal, and that is what we called nutritional, but really it was the diet segment, the people who are on a diet and we used the Smart Ones brand to service that consumer segment. We had a look at the category about seven months, eight months ago and we felt we would  we are in a strong position to broaden the segment we are serving. And essentially, we are servicing now three consumer segments. One is the Smart Ones segments and the diet segment for people who are managing weight losses. The second one is the Smart Made. It's a slight difference to that one by utilizing more products that are natural or venturing into the Real Food category while maintaining good calorie content. And the third one, it's purely on taste, and that is Devour. And we launched in the marketplace only a few months ago and where it has distribution, we've seen our market share at mid to high single digit, and it's doing very well and it's servicing a segment that is  that's where weight management and calories is less relevant and taste is the key criteria. So, and we're very happy where we are so far. That segment, for us, the frozen meal, was in a severe decline and every time we venture in serving new customers, we cut that decline significantly and we feel very good about its prospect moving forward.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay, thanks very much, George.
George Zoghbi - The Kraft Heinz Co.: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Palmer of RBC. Your line is open.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Great. Thanks. Good evening. You've spoken in the past and a little bit on this call about you approaching a period of shifting dollars to more effective promotion programs, and you mentioned that you did analytics. I think, you said earlier on across 34 categories. Are you still in the sell-in period to retailers for improved promotion constructs, and in other words, do you believe that promotion effect in this is going to show up more in your net revenue in 2017 and beyond than perhaps what we're seeing in the second half of this year?
George Zoghbi - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Thank you, David. For your question. I will add some commentary to that. Revenue management  or if you want trade, promotion and some promotion, it is part of a broader revenue management program. What we're focused on since we came together as one company is truly building the capabilities. We found the focus on building the capabilities has far long-term impact on what we do than having a project to get a quick wins out of it. And the second, once we build that capabilities, we started testing in a number of business units and we tested one or two categories in each business units. We like what we saw. And it is not just a promotional activity, it is a number of levels that we looked at. And in some cases, we saw ourselves investing more rather than investing less. In some places, we took prices up; in others we refused and took prices down. But we're very happy with the capabilities we're building. The reason I say this is a long term and we want to do it right rather than doing it fast, because it has wider impact on your product mix that has impact on your supply chain. This has an impact on the competitive set. And it has an impact on the discussion with the retailers. So far, our discussions with our trade partners have been very good because it has been mutually beneficial for them and us.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: And just a quick follow-up on the innovation front, you've had some successes. You can see in the data, Cracker Barrel Mac & Cheese and the Kraft barbecue sauce, but obviously, I'm sure you'd like to have more of those Big Bet successes. Do you feel like your pipeline into 2017 versus 2016 at this time last year is more robust, more Big Bets next year than this year?
George Zoghbi - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Yes, I do. Simply I do feel that 2018 is much stronger than 2016 in terms of innovation  and sorry, 2017 is much stronger than 2016, and 2018 is much stronger than 2017. This is an area that despite all the transformation and integration work that we did, we never lopsided that, this is the area that is going to sustain our performance into the future. As with every new product, you never have 100% success rate. So the way we look at it, to get an x number of dollars out of the innovation, we plan launches much higher than that allowing to success rate. And when we look at the probabilities of success for 2017 compared to 2016, we're starting with much larger pipeline. So if we apply the same probabilities of success, we would be in a stronger position.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you.
George Zoghbi - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Thank you, David.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Driscoll of Citi. Your line is open.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Great. Thank you, and good evening.
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Good evening.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Could you...
George Zoghbi - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hey, David.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Thank you. Could you guys quantify the year-to-date benefits from PNOC? And then could you just comment upon the repeatability or sustainability of those benefits?
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hi, David. This is Paulo. You clearly see that in our press calls that we have a big benefit from PNOC in the first half of the year. When you think about Q3 specifically, the benefit we have from PNOC is smaller. As we were communicating before, it is around $11 million we have in the North America business benefit from PNOC. So this benefit would still be as expected. I'm going to ask George to comment on that.
George Zoghbi - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Yeah. Thanks, Paulo. Let me talk a little bit about the repeatability. This is something that it is part of how we manage revenue and at some stage, the line is going to blur between what is PNOC, what is trade efficiencies, what is revenue management, it is going to be part of all that. But so far, we have managed very well in both on the ups and downs of commodity. Our expectation is to continue doing so.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. And then just one other question. The integration is expected to be completed by the end of the year I think. I think it's a stated comment but I do believe that you've got some manufacturing plants that are slated to be closed but will occur in 2017. So I'm a little bit confused on exactly when all the "integration efforts" are done. The purpose of the question is just to ask when do you have capacity such that you could start to contemplate another deal, and that you would have the capacity to actually begin an integration? Does that make sense?
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hi, David. It's Bernardo. You're right on the footprint question. We'll continue to have a couple of manufacturing changes and so on already announced and planned. So it's actually going quite well. George mentioned here the two facilities that we're building on the meat side, but we have others on the warehousing and other categories that we're expanding. And so all this work, it goes up to 2017 as planned. So that's not changing. They are important milestones and integration that's already behind us, like the systems, and already operating, all the planning on the commercial side and analytics in the same environment. So it's really Kraft Heinz, I would say, already operate as one, and most part of the issues we have behind us. On your question about whether there's an M&A, we never like to comment on hypothetical, and we really believe we have a solid organic path here to create value, and we are working really hard on that. That being said, we also believe our model is highly scalable, and I think the integration results of Kraft Heinz are proving it. So a lot for us to do on the day-to-day, and we want to be focused on that for now.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jason English of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey. Good afternoon, guys. Thank you for the question. I wanted to come back to Bernardo, your last comment on sort of the organic growth of the asset you've assembled from a bottom line perspective and some of the other questions that have anchored around the UK. I think some of the skeptics of your model are probably going to look at the results and look at year-to-date EBITDA and the rest of the world down 8%, Europe down 13.5%, and I know UK has got some unique situations, but still you combined those two businesses, which are probably our best approximation of legacy Heinz and EBITDA is down 11%. And I think some will look at that and say, gosh, is the risk that two years from now North America looks similar. So, I was hoping maybe you could comment on some of those, what I think will be questions from some investors, and also maybe add on top of that, some of what you've learned from those markets that you're applying in North America to ensure that the North America growth is more sustainable.
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Thanks, Jason, for the question. I think I understand the way you're grouping different things and so on, but I think it's important here to separate. First, on the rest of the world part, we continue to see really very solid near and long-term growth perspective to the business. As Paulo said, there were temporary issues behind this core area like distributors disruption in Middle East and Africa. We invested much more behind the growth you're already seeing for 2017. For example, the launch of Planters in China is a good example and others, so we were seeing these in a very, I would say, a solid way. On respect of the model and again, I totally understand your comments. I think there are learnings from the UK situation that are really specific to the country. Especially, remember what happened to UK in the last two years, is that the leader of the retail environment really faced a lot of problems and disconnect to the market for quite some time for different issues. And now it's coming back in a very strong way and this retail shaking that happened in the country, I truly believe you have not been fast enough on the offerings that were coming. I cannot see any correlation to your question to the model given that everything we did, we didn't  if you see all our lines connected to the market, like marketing, selling and modern investments, they all grew up in the country in the last four years.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it.
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: So from a model standpoint, there is absolutely no correlation. That is a vital essence for us that your last question, can you learn from the UK and to be applied in other places like the U.S., and others. There I could not agree more. I think they are important lessons for us, for me, for George, for Paulo and for the entire team here. That you're going to need to prepare, especially when you have a situation like happened in the retail in UK. It's not that often that that happens for us to be ahead of the game and not reactive, given the market share and the positions we have in the country. So I think the situation anyway, your bundle are very different. In rest of the world, I'm investing for more growth. So I'm coming for China with a different plan. I'm coming for Indonesia. I'm coming  even for markets with like space, like Australia and New Zealand. In the UK, it's a different story. My volume mix and everything I'm working behind my promo activity is to get right what is the offer in my distribution, so I can come back to profitable growth strategy. From a model standpoint in the question that  you cut too much or cut too little. I can't have any correlation given what is that, because in that sense, my marketing is going up and my selling is going up within the country.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay.
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: The right criticism to say to us, is to say, hey, if I have money invested, as I did this year in UK, I probably would be better off (57:25).
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: No, I...
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: But my offering didn't come true as it should. And I don't think it's the right thing to do as well, because we're looking for UK for the next 10 years, 15 years, 20 years. So the brands we have in the country are so strong and our equity is so solid that we will never going to sacrifice the middle and long term for any short-term gains, we don't do that. So in a sense, I don't think it's a model issue, I think it is, for sure, a question of the balance of product mix and offering and so, and those learnings we should take, and apply in other markets.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: I think that's fair, the question obviously needs to be asked. So thank you for the explanation, I really appreciate it. I'll pass it on.
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from John Baumgartner of Wells Fargo. Your question, please.
John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good afternoon. Thanks for the question. George, I wanted to come back to the cold cuts business in that the last time Kraft made capacity improvement to the U.S. network, it was done in cheese. And that drove some pretty material efficiencies and flexibility to invest back in the network for some nice competitive separation. So as these meat plants are commissioned, how should we think about any sort of step change that'll create in terms of capabilities or cost to serve, innovation or otherwise?
George Zoghbi - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Thank you, John. And answering this question for me is easy because I did that change in the cheese capabilities, if you remember. I ran that business six years ago. And this is when we made the step change in cheese and since then, we never looked back and you've been seeing the results of that. We're actually repeating very similar model in the meats business. What we're trying to do, we're trying to get two things at once. One, modernize the manufacturing capability and the technology to be able to make the products of the future rather than the products of the past. And two, try to get a cost advantage compared to anyone in the marketplace and we believe we are in a strong position to do so. It's just going to take a little bit of time for us to complete that project, and once we're out of it, no different to the model we did in cheese when we modernized and reduced our costs and we became world-class, cost effective in it. The meat business would be in a similar situation.
John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Once you get past the meat investments, are there other categories you can call out that may have been starved for investment over the years, similar to meat and cheese?
George Zoghbi - The Kraft Heinz Co.: It's a very good question. Yes, there are. Actually, meat, while meat has taken the lion's share of our footprint investment, there are a number of other manufacturing sites where we are making investments. As a matter of fact, about 15% of our active lines are affected between transfers, decommissioning old lines and installing new ones. What we're also doing, we are outsourcing a number of non-core low volume SKUs across the board, and we are in-sourcing some higher volume SKUs, again across the board, not exclusive to meat. And we're also reducing the number of warehouses and distribution centers. So all together, it's a very large investment across the entire network. The meat happened to have the larger portion of it, but we're doing it across the board.
John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Great. Thank you, George.
George Zoghbi - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Thank you very much.
Christopher M. Jakubik - Kraft Foods Group, Inc.: Latif, if we can take one more question that will be great.
Operator: Yes, sir, and that question will be from Alexia Howard of Bernstein Research. Your line is open.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Good afternoon, everyone. Can I just ask about the promotional activity again? It looks as though your proportion of sales on promotions in the U.S. are down several hundred basis points this year, and you've gone through how you've been optimizing that. So with Walmart and other retailers asking for reinvestment back in pricing in 2017, do you anticipate that the promotional activity will really start around perhaps next year? And if so, what does that do to your margins? Thank you, and I'll pass it on there.
George Zoghbi - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Thank you, Alexia. I will take that. Our promotional activities and the intensity of our promotional activities keep changing depending on a number of factors. One is the competitive environment. Two is the strategic position of that category. So when we look at our categories, we classify them as an invest category, protect category, or bet on or manageable margin. And so we do not just have one view of promotional activities and we go and implement it. So if you look deeper into our sales, if you go one layer down or two or three, you would find a very different direction. And that's why we try not to take as an overall view whether it's going up or down. And as for the investments moving forward, we would continue exactly utilizing those same strategies. What we're finding though, it's not just the promotional activities or the sales generated from promotional activities, rather than the return that we get from promotional activity. We have become, through data analytics, lot more competent in the ability to select which promotion and which category with which account. And we're finding very, very different returns. And that, by itself, is allowing us to actually do more with that. So, we're not going to somebody and just saying, we're cutting across the board promotional activities. We're just doing more with that.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Thank you very much. I'll pass it on.
George Zoghbi - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Thank you, Alexia.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I'd like to turn the call back over to Mr. Jakubik for any closing remarks. Sir?
Christopher M. Jakubik - Kraft Foods Group, Inc.: Thanks, Latif, and thanks, everyone, for joining us this afternoon. For any of the analysts that have additional questions, I'll be around, as well as Andy Larkin. And for anybody in media who has additional questions, Michael Mullen will be available to take your call. So have a good afternoon and thanks again for joining us.
George Zoghbi - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Thank you very much. Appreciate it.
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your Kraft Heinz company call. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-08-05 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Christopher M. Jakubik - Vice President-Investor Relations, Kraft Foods Group, Inc. Bernardo Vieira Hees - Chief Executive Officer Georges El-Zoghbi - Chief Operating Officer Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Analysts: Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc. Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Michael Lavery - CLSA Americas LLC Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co. Steven Strycula - UBS Securities LLC
Operator: Good day. My name is Latif, and I will be your operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to The Kraft Heinz Company's Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. I will now turn the call over to Chris Jakubik, Head of Global Investor Relations. Mr. Jakubik, you may begin.
Christopher M. Jakubik - Vice President-Investor Relations, Kraft Foods Group, Inc.: Hello, everyone, and thanks for joining our business update for the second quarter of 2016. With me today are Bernardo Hees, our CEO; Paulo Baslio, our CFO; and George Zoghbi, the Chief Operating Officer of our U.S. commercial business. During our remarks, we'll make some forward-looking statements that are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ due to risks and uncertainties, and these are discussed in our press release and our filings with the SEC. We'll also discuss some non-GAAP financial measures during the call today. These non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered a replacement for and should be read together with GAAP results. You can find the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our earnings release and at the back of the slide presentation available on our website. Now, let's turn to slide two, and I'll hand it over to Bernardo.
Bernardo Vieira Hees - Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Chris, and good afternoon, everyone. For much of today's call we'll concentrate on second quarter numbers. I think it's good to start by providing an update to the progress we have to bring Kraft and Heinz together over the past year. Let's return to the three objectives of our strategy which were laid out at the beginning of our merger. First, deliver profitable sales growth. Second, achieve and maintain best-in-class margins. And third, capture a superior return of capital as an investment-grade company. On our last call I said that we're off to a good start. Good. Not great. And I think that's how I should describe the first half of the year as well. It's true when you look at our top line performance and our progress in delivering profitable sales growth. The investments we have made in our global sauces franchise continued to improve category growth or market share gains in United States, Canada and Europe. It's also the primary driver of the nearly 9% organic sales growth in our Rest of the World segment during the first six months of 2016. Our Big Bets investments and whitespace initiatives are starting to gain traction in markets around the globe and we have more to talk about in the second half. George will talk about our performance in the West, including the impact of our Mac & Cheese renovation. Outside the U.S., the March launch of Heinz Seriously Good Mayonnaise was able to help us grow our business and our market share in every market where we have put it on the shelf. These Big Bets and new products are critical for us given the consumption headwinds in a number of markets and in a number of key categories. As an industry we are in an environment where retail competition is intensified in our biggest and most mature markets, including the United States, Canada, the U.K., Continental Europe and Australia. Nowhere this is more true than the U.K. where key category declines have been at significant drag in the first half even though our market share trends have been improving. In this market, we must remain disciplined with our go-to-market activities, constantly balancing price, promotion and distribution while we innovate to build our brands and drive profitable growth. And as we have seen, this sometimes leads to a bumpy ride on a quarter-to-quarter basis. But our biggest challenge remains the fact that you continue to have a number of categories where consumption trends are working against us. And while we're making progress against those opportunities and expect better performance going forward, our organic sales growth during the first half of the year was held back. Specifically in two of our biggest segments, we were down on an organic basis. Down roughly 1% for the first half in the United States, and down 3% in Europe, resulting in 0.3% total company organic growth for the first six months. So as far as top line goes, like I said, okay, not great. In terms of our second objective to achieve best class in margins, we have made significant progress in the first six months of the year with adjusted EBITDA growth of nearly 20% or just over 25% on a constant currency basis. These have been driven by a combination of savings for our integration program, commodities favorability in North America, as well as a strong organic sales growth in the Rest of the World segment. In terms of our integration program, we delivered roughly $300 million of savings in Q2. But I am even happier to report that in Q2 we put the critical step behind us, one of the more risky activities we had in our agenda, that was the integration of the legacy Kraft and the legacy Heinz front office SAP models in North America. So now we are one face to our customers as a system-integrated company and we did this while keeping our K-through rate (6:55) United States on target at 98%, with minor service issues in food service already addressed. In fact, we had very good execution around the world in Q2. With Europe remaining above its K-through rate (7:09) target at more than 99%, Canada at 97% and our Rest of the World segment for the first time above 96%. Importantly, none of this would be possible without bringing our performance driven culture to life. I know that on our last call that our Manage by Objectives, our MBO process, now covered roughly 6,000 employees worldwide. In Q2, we took another important step, launching our Ownerversity, a new global learning platform to support our culture, accelerate our vision and values and help employees constantly delivering on our MBOs. Kraft Heinz Ownerversity provides consistent training foundation across the organization. Last but not least, as part of our third objective, we have taken significant further actions to deliver a superior return of capital and continue to strengthen our balance sheet. As you may have seen during Q2 we closed the redemption and refinancing of our preferred stock, an important step in strengthening our investment grade credit standing. In fact, with our Q2 results, our leverage ratio is now just below four times EBITDA based on our latest 12 months of results and are on our way to achieving the goal, three times ratio we were targeting over the middle term. And finally, as we saw today, our board of directors set a 4.3% increase in our quarterly dividends to $0.60 per share. So overall, we have made meaningful progress against the objectives of our strategy that will help lay the foundation for better execution and profitable growth going forward. Let's now turn to slide three to see what that means for Q2 financial results. On the top line, similar to Q1, we saw a foreign exchange drag of 4%. On an organic basis, however, net sales were down 0.5%. Pricing was up 1.6 percentage points, reflecting gains in all regions but Europe. And despite deflation in key commodities in the United States and Canada, primarily in dairy and coffee. Volume/mix fell 2.1 percentage points, as lower shipments, particularly meat and food service in the United States more than offset gains from innovation in Lunchables and P3 in the U.S. and solid volumes of condiment and sauces globally. And EBITDA we drove the strong dollar growth and margin performance both year-over-year and sequentially from Q1, despite the Venezuela devaluation impact that began in Q3 2015. This was driven by a combination of, one, our strong cost savings performance, favored pricing relative to key commodity cost over the prior period and profitable top line growth. At the EPS line, adjusted EPS was up 39.3% versus the prior period to $0.85, reflecting the leverage of our strong adjusted EBITDA growth playing through the P&L. Now I will hand it over to George and Paulo to talk more about how we did it in each reporting segment and what to expect going forward. George?
Georges El-Zoghbi - Chief Operating Officer: Thank you, Bernardo, and good afternoon, everyone. Let's turn to slide four for a quick update of our performance in the United States. If you recall at the start of the year, I described one of our goals as delivering stable top line performance during a year of significant transformation. And so far that's what we have done. We've been able to maintain solid momentum in the marketplace in a number of categories that we placed Big Bets on with new products and/or advertising support. This includes Heinz sauces, which grew at mid-single digits, driven by the introduction of barbecue sauce, year two of mustard and the share growth of ketchup; Philadelphia Cream Cheese, ready-to-eat refrigerated desserts; and Lunchables, which are all growing at mid- to high-single digits. However, these gains were more than offset by weak consumption trends in categories like roast and ground coffee, frozen nutritional meals and hot dogs. On one hand there are no new major categories that I would add to this list. On the other hand, we do need to move faster to adjust in the marketplace and ensure that these challenging categories do not mask the successes we are achieving with our Big Bets innovations and investments in marketing. Our new product initiatives for 2016 are working well, particularly the renovation of Kraft Mac & Cheese and Capri Sun ready-to-drink organic beverage, the introduction of Heinz Barbecue Sauces, and the introduction of Cracker Barrel Mac & Cheese. The second factor I would highlight is that our Q2 shipments were consistent with measured channels consumption, in line with our expectation from our last call. And you may have seen recent SCANA data was affected by the timing of the 4th of July holiday versus the prior year. Adjusting for that, our consumption would have been down roughly 2% in the second quarter. So shipments were essentially in line with consumption. I would also note that we continue to add new business, or whitespace, in both food service and non-traditional retail channel during the second quarter. However, food service was down versus prior year in Q2 due to program timing with customers, incremental commodity-related price decline as well as minor service level problems during the quarter. Which brings me to our integration program execution. During the quarter, the bulk of our integration activity shifted to supply chain and operations activities, including an SAP integration go-live, which was completed in the quarter. Thus far, our service levels remain good for most of our product groups, with some challenges in the cold cut segment of our meat business as well as minor disruptions in food service in the month of May that was quickly corrected. Overall, as Bernardo mentioned, our savings are coming in faster than planned; and we are achieving these savings without sacrificing quality. For the balance of the year, our key objectives will be two-fold. First, we must continue to execute our footprint integration while minimizing disruption. Second, we will step up our in-store activity, including a strong agenda of new product introduction we have planned for the second half. Look for new product introductions in our desserts, cheese and frozen categories in the months ahead, which follow the rollout of our new Devour frozen meal this past month. As I hope you can see, it is an exciting time for Kraft Heinz in the United States. Our plate is full, and our opportunity for profitable growth is significant. Our job is to deliver in the marketplace. With that, I'll turn it over to Paulo to wrap up our comments.
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thank you, George, and good afternoon, everyone. I will start on slide five and add a few notes on Q2 financials in the U.S. With organic growth pricing was up 1.2 percentage points, primarily due to lower promotional activity versus the prior year and despite a headwind from deflation in key commodities. Volume/mix fell 3.1 percentage points, reflecting ongoing gains from innovations like Lunchables and P3, and strong volumes from our Mac & Cheese renovation that were more than offset by lower shipments in key categories but strongest in food service and, as George noted, in our meats category. In terms of adjusted EBITDA and margin expansion, as mentioned in our Q1 call, this was driven by integration program savings and, to a much lesser extent, favorable price relative to lower key commodity costs. While it was being seen the benefit of pricing relative to key commodity costs for the past couple of quarters, we continue to expect commodities favorability to fade as we move forward. Let's turn to slide six where the key factors impacting Canada in the second quarter were essentially the same as what we saw in Q1. We still saw strong currency headwinds, but the negative 5 percentage point impact from currency in Q2 was half that seen in Q1. Organically, we were able to deliver net sales growth from pricing gains exceeding the related decline in volume/mix. Positive pricing of 3.1% was the result of significant pricing to offset higher product costs in local currency, and this more than offset pricing headwinds related to deflation in select key commodities. Volume/mix went down 1.9 percentage points, primarily from a decline in cheese due to a reduction in promotional activity versus Q2 last year as well as lower coffee and ready-to-drink beverage shipments. Adjusted EBITDA was up 27.2% versus the year-ago period, despite a negative 7.2 percentage point impact from currency. Adjusted EBITDA growth was driven by gains from cost savings initiatives and favorable timing of pricing relative to higher local input costs that were partially offset by unfavorable volume/mix. Similar to Q1, we saw a lot of EBITDA favorability this quarter in Canada. However, I would note that some of the upside was driven by favorable timing of pricing versus local input costs. Moving forward and with official raw milk prices now on the rise in Canada, we would not expect the commodity favorability in the first half of this year to show up in coming quarters. That brings us to Europe on slide seven. On our last call, I said that we felt better about the health of our European business than our Q1 numbers might indicate, specifically in terms of profitability. On the Q2 top line, as we saw with Q1 versus Q4, organic net sales growth was again better on a sequential basis. Organic net sales were still down, and down largely due to an increase in promotional activity in U.K. condiments and sauces versus the prior-year period. But our volume/mix trend kept improving, reflecting gains from condiments and sauces in most countries that were offset by lower shipments versus the prior year in the U.K. At the same time, while constant currency EBITDA in Europe was down slightly versus prior year, margins were up, both sequentially and versus the prior year. This was driven by a mix of manufacturing savings, lower pricing and an increase in market investments. So while we are not all the way out of the woods, the health of our European business is indeed better than our Q1 numbers might have indicated, and we are continuing to invest in profitable growth as we move forward. Finally, we will look at the Rest of the World on slide eight. Here, foreign currency was again a significant headwind, roughly 24%, mainly due to recognizing the devaluation of the Venezuelan bolivar at the end of Q2 2015. In terms of organic growth, we saw high-single digit organic net sales growth, driven by a good balance of volume/mix and pricing. Pricing of 5% was mainly driven by pricing to higher local input costs in Latin America. Volume/mix was up 2.1 percentage points, primarily due to strong growth in condiments and sauces in all regions. As to EBITDA, we saw an 8.8% decline in adjusted EBITDA to a negative 34.5 percentage point impact from currency, 27.5 percentage points of which was from the Venezuelan bolivar devaluation. Constant currency adjusted EBITDA was up strongly in Q2, driven by strong organic growth. That covers our Q2 results. And before we go to the Q&A, I want to quickly update our expectations for financial performance over the near to medium term. From an organic sales perspective, I think it's important to echo Bernardo's and George's thoughts. That is, we would expect from both an industry perspective and a Kraft Heinz perspective that consumer trends in an increasingly competitive retail environment are likely to remain headwinds in both North America and Europe. We remain confident in our pipeline of Big Bets, and we continue to lay the groundwork for whitespace expansion of Kraft and Heinz brands in both food services and international channels. However, as you have all seen, our starting point in most mature markets is declining consumption. And therefore, we have much work to do to simply get back to positive organic sales growth. As far as our integration program, all of our targets remain the same: savings and cost to achieve. And we are still targeting integration program savings of $1.5 billion net of inflation in 2017. Below the line, the redemption of our preferred stock and related financing with new debt is expected to benefit EPS growth in the second half. As a result of the new debt issuance at today's currency rates, we expect our run rate net interest expense to be approximately 3.8% of the roughly $33 billion of gross debt outstanding at the end of Q2. So that's our update through the second quarter of 2016. We still have significant work ahead to realize our potential and set the stage for profitable growth in the future. We have a strong Big Bet pipeline with a strong agenda for the second half, and further whitespace opportunities to go after. At the same time, our footprint integration activity is expected to reach its peak in the second half of the year as well. And as we've said before in many ways, we've benefited so far by a lack of business disruption. Making sure that remains the case will be a key area of emphasis for the remainder of the year. So while we have had a solid start to the year, we must continue to execute well against the many opportunities we have to deliver profitable growth. Thank you. And now we'd be happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you, sir. Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Alexia Hollis (sic) [Howard] (26:15) of Bernstein. Your line is open.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Good evening, everyone.
Bernardo Vieira Hees - Chief Executive Officer: Good evening.
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Good evening, Alexia.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Can I ask you about your revenue management practices, what you've found out so far, what innings you're in with that? It's something that everybody is talking about across the industry, as you optimize promotional spending and price points. Is there a lot more in there? And linked to that, I'm getting from investors that people are worried that the relationship with the retailers may be weakening as you pull back on some of that promotional activity. How do you respond to that at this point? Thank you, and I'll pass it on.
Georges El-Zoghbi - Chief Operating Officer: Thank you, Alexia. This is George here. I'll take these questions. First, if you're wondering which inning we are in, we are in the pregame. So what we have done in revenue management, we have established the infrastructure to manage across 30 to 40 categories in the U.S. What you have seen so far is not what we have realized from revenue management. This is yet to come. What you have seen so far, some improvement due to minimization of negative ROI promotional activities. And not going into large, deep discounting promotional activity. Also what you have seen probably, the availability of merchandising has reduced at retailers, which means the average price per pound has gone up. So that's what you have seen. The relationship with retailers is very strong. We work as straight partners, because we're both in the industry here to serve the consumers that is changing rapidly.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you very much. I'll pass it on.
Georges El-Zoghbi - Chief Operating Officer: Thank you, Alexia.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jon Feeney of Consumer [Edge] Research. Your line is open.
Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Good evening. Thanks very much for the question. Kind of a follow-up question. I wanted to ask how you measure returns on investment on the promotional activity you're speaking of, this reduced promotional activity. Because presumably there's a loyalty algorithm, where you generate repeat behavior, future periods. Whether in some of your more commodity influenced categories, like meat or the portfolio more broadly. But we've read and heard at a recent conference how loyal usage is down. And that might alter that math. So I'm wondering how you think about that repeat behavior and that future, those future potential maybe habitual dollars you might get, or you might lose by managing down those promotional opportunities. Thanks.
Georges El-Zoghbi - Chief Operating Officer: Jon, thank you for your question. George again. I will take this question. Really there are a number of variables, and they're not the same by category. It depends on our position, whether we are the market leader, and how we measure our relative market share, the brand equity strength, and the ability to price, and the relative market share to other competitors in the market. That's one piece driven by consumer demand. And the second piece is our profitability posture. And depending on where commodity pricing at. So it is not one thing that fit all. It depends on a number of variables.
Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC: But  thank you. But I guess in your management of promotion, George, would you have done the same thing with this portfolio five years ago as far as managing those promotions? Or is it variables that have changed in the marketplace recently that are leading you to maybe, say, that you have a negative ROI on what were perhaps positive ROI promotions before? I'd just like to understand that.
Georges El-Zoghbi - Chief Operating Officer: No, the difference between now and five years ago is consumers' attitude towards brands and category has changed significantly. And the availability of merchandising has reduced. So you wouldn't have done these things five years ago. So  and that's not due to the way we operate or we measure promotion, rather due to the changes around us in the marketplace.
Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Thank you. That's very helpful.
Georges El-Zoghbi - Chief Operating Officer: Thank you.
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: And, George, just to add, I think you answered very properly the question here of Jon and Alexia. I just wanted to add, when you talk about revenue management, I think it's important to understand that that's the tool in connection to a lot of things that are happening in the marketplace. So it's never in itself in isolation. You're going to be looking at promotions, but you look at market share, you look at innovation, you look at the relationships, things you want to do to build the long-term of the brand. So for sure, we will be looking how we can manage our portfolio the best way possible. In that sense, the revenue or management piece is an important tool in the middle of several other ones. So I highly recommend you don't think about revenue management in isolation because it's never the case that we run the business anywhere.
Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Andrew Lazar of Barclays. Your question, please.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Good afternoon.
Bernardo Vieira Hees - Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Just two things for me, I guess. First, I think you mentioned $300 million in synergies in the quarter. I guess on an annualized basis at $1.2 billion, but correct me if I'm wrong that you still have the bulk of the manufacturing synergies still to come, I guess, starting in the second half. So just trying to get a sense if the $1.5 billion you are pointing to starts to seem increasingly conservative or not based on some of the numbers I laid out.
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Hi, Andrew, thanks. This is Paulo here. Right, we are just over $300 million in savings for the second quarter and again, if you annualize this number, you are going to get to roughly $1.2 billion which is around 80% of our current target for 2017 for $1.5 billion. The majority of the org and ZBB savings, they are already implemented although we are still expecting some more savings coming from the ZBB bucket. And again, going forward the majority of the savings that we expect for our plan will come from the footprint initiative that we have. That being said, I think it's important to keep in mind that these savings they should also offset the expected inflation that we have for the following year. Our target is $1.5 billion net of inflation for 2017. And again, we will continue to update our expectations every quarter but no change in our estimates so far.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you for that clarity. And then I think last quarter you helped at least to dimensionalize the magnitude of the P-NOC (33:59) favorability in the first quarter. And I was wondering if there was a way you could help us a little bit maybe try and quantify that a bit in terms of how favorable that was this quarter as well?
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: No, sure. When you think about our North America EBITDA growth, our North America EBITDA grew around $350 million. Again, just over $300 million came from the saves initiatives and the rest pretty much is coming from commodity favorability in the second quarter.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you very much.
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Bryan Spillane of Bank of America. Your line is open.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey, good afternoon. Just wanted to follow up the comments you've made about how challenging the environment is and declining consumption. So I guess can you talk about how that might affect your planning over the next year or two versus originally in terms of where you reinvest or how much you reinvest? And then second, does it have any effect at all as you look out further and maybe other potential acquisitions, does it at all affect the way you are thinking about the returns in these markets given that declining consumption looks like it's going to be with us for a while? Thanks.
Georges El-Zoghbi - Chief Operating Officer: Thank you, Bryan. I will answer your question on the environment and I will pass it on to Bernardo to follow up the second part of the question. The challenging environment is nothing new. However, it accelerated a little bit over the past 12 months or so. And the way we are dealing with that is by investing more in new product development program in line with where consumer trends are now, and where they are going in the future. And we're increasing our investment and supporting our big brands. This is the best way to deal with consumer. The one thing we're not doing is throwing money to try to get quick sales. We are resisting that temptation, and we believe it's better for us in the long term to invest in sustainable growth. As for the second part of the question, I'll pass it on to Bernardo.
Bernardo Vieira Hees - Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Bryan. I think the second part of your question about if that change or  and how this correlates to M&A there, I think George answered very well. We're excited about the perspective of the business. We have a lot to do here and it's still to fix some categories, to put more wood on the fire in a lot of categories, and to really push our agenda of profitable growth. In respect to M&A, we really don't comment on the speculations and hypotheticals. As Paulo mentioned, our integration is going well but we still have important milestones to be overcome in the next 6 months to 12 months. But we're always going to be looking for further opportunities, but outside that we really don't comment.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. But safe to say that the environment hasn't changed your perspective on value creation in this industry?
Bernardo Vieira Hees - Chief Executive Officer: No, it's not. We believe with and without acquisition we have a lot of value creation to be created in this business.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: That's great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Lavery of CLSA. Your question, please.
Michael Lavery - CLSA Americas LLC: Yeah. I was wondering if you could just touch on innovation a little bit and two things in particular. One, some of these Big Bets, how many of those are legacy from, say, Kraft's pipeline pre the deal or have come to market since the acquisition from scratch? Just trying to get a sense of timing and how the approach works. And then just related to that a little bit, how do you think about when you do introduce a new brand versus an existing one like the (38:26) what caused you to think that it made sense to launch a new brand and the spending related to that as opposed to using one of the ones that you might have had already?
Georges El-Zoghbi - Chief Operating Officer: Yeah. Thank you for your question, Michael. A number of promotion  a number of new products started in the past 18 months, usually the cycle that it takes to do a new product and we have a stage and gate approach that we can sometimes accelerate and sometimes get project to drop off. That's the process that we have used. The Big Bets that we launched this year, they were in the former companies independently worked on, and we launched them in the Q1 and Q2. They weren't affected by any disruption from the integrations. The three big ones for us this year have been the Heinz Barbecue Sauces, which was launched early this year and it's doing very well. The Cracker Barrel Mac & Cheese, also another premium one, selling at a significant premium to the Kraft Mac & Cheese and it is our best-selling one out of the new product development. And Capri Sun Organic. To put something like this it takes  it takes at least 12 months, so they all started pre and during  and worked on during the merger. We also launched a new brand called Devour, just launched it in the marketplace in frozen meals segment. And that was done about two months ago. And that was project that we started in late last year, so that happened after the merger. And we got to launch the brand and we're very excited about providing a big marketing support to launching that new brand. So the reality is some of them started before, some of them started after, none of them were affected or disrupted by integrating the two businesses together.
Michael Lavery - CLSA Americas LLC: Have you had an ability to accelerate the launches just by removing some of the layers of management or by working with a leaner organization?
Georges El-Zoghbi - Chief Operating Officer: Sure. You always have a faster decision making in an organization like ours.
Michael Lavery - CLSA Americas LLC: Thank you very much.
Georges El-Zoghbi - Chief Operating Officer: Thank you for your question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow of Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hi, there. You've mentioned several times the risk of business disruption during the supply chain integration. And it comes to mind Oscar Mayer in particular for me, because I know that that closure in Wisconsin is particularly sensitive. And then you said cold cuts, I think there was some kind of disruption on cold cuts. And I just wanted to know if you could tell me specifically where you're at in migrating that manufacturing? And what caused the disruption? And what you're doing to work your way through it?
Georges El-Zoghbi - Chief Operating Officer: Thank you, Rob. First, I'm pleased to tell you that our service rate across Kraft Heinz in the United States has been really good. It's in the 98% CFR. We have the isolated issue in the cold cuts, where the demand and capacity are not matching during the footprint. And we would be over it very soon, and it's affecting our sliced meats business. So we know what needs to be done. It's a capacity thing. And as we have new lines coming on-stream, that would be resolved over the longer term. So it is not something that will persist with us for a long period of time. We believe that the rest of the portfolio is in very, very good shape, some of the best CFRs I've ever seen in the rest of the portfolio.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay, George. Can I ask a follow-up? I thought I heard several months ago that you were working on trying to improve manufacturing processes in cheese, so that you could provide retailers and consumers with fresher processed product, so it might taste better. Did I get that right? And I haven't heard much about it on the calls. And is there anything out there that's improving the quality of product that you have out there?
Georges El-Zoghbi - Chief Operating Officer: Yeah, Rob, you may be referring to the Farm to Fridge Fresh in Six Days on the Philadelphia farm fresh campaign that we did. We put new technology. And we renovated a product segment over a year ago. And we are very, very pleased with the performance of this brand. It's sustaining a mid- to high-single digit growth, gaining market share from its already strong position. So that's one of the technologies. And we are putting new technologies on the other range to freshen up the product. But that's the one we referred to in previous call.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. So there could be more to come in other lines within cheese?
Georges El-Zoghbi - Chief Operating Officer: Well, not just within cheese. We keep looking at every category within our portfolio and see what is it that we can do to improve the quality of our product and make product that consumer really want to consume.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay, great. Thank you.
Georges El-Zoghbi - Chief Operating Officer: Thank you, Rob.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jason English of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Good afternoon, folks. Thank you for the question. Two questions, if I may. First, on some of the problem children that you cited in the press release  or not in the press release, in some of the prepared remarks. I think you said ground coffee, some of your processed meat and frozen meals. You've given us innovation on frozen meals. You've given us some supply chain fixes on the processed meat side. Can you talk about what the planned fix, if anything, is on the ground coffee side?
Georges El-Zoghbi - Chief Operating Officer: Yeah. Thanks. Thanks, Jason, for the question. Coffee, I always like to break down coffee into a number of segments, because we are seeing a tale of two worlds in coffee. One is the roast and ground coffee, and two is the pods coffee. The pods is a very healthy business. And it's been growing now for years. However, the growth has subsided a little bit. It moved from the double-digits that we all used to see to mid-single digit growth. And that is a very healthy category. And as you know, we innovated greatly in this category over the past few years. And we continue to do so. In roast and ground, the category has been in persistent decline for quite some time, as consumers are moving into the more premium and the pods business. The way we are dealing with this, we will bring some innovation to this category. But the bigger innovation is coming from pod. So that's where we think the growth will continue in the future.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. That's helpful. So effectively, category is migrating, you're going to migrate with it and just kind of suck it up on roast and ground. I think that's a fair paraphrasing. The next question is on international. You've given us some details in terms of your Big Bets and you foreshadow  or you talked about one that's going to market now. There's been chatter of Planters going to China, chatter from the retail community in Brazil of heavy up-investing coming from you guys down there to support innovation. Can you give us a little walk around the world of what you've been able to do so far with Kraft brands abroad?
Bernardo Vieira Hees - Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Hi, Jason. It's Bernardo. I can answer this question. I think you're right. With 2016, we always said and continue to believe in the near that we are  we establish ourselves through the Kraft brand, establishing the supply chain, getting the foundation right so we can really push to the next steps 2017 and beyond. That being said, it's a reality today that Planters and Mac & Cheese in the U.K., that we're able to launch at the end of the first half and continue to gain distribution through the system in the U.K. I have Planters with solid plans to arrive in China still this year. I have Mac & Cheese with solid plans to arrive in Brazil still this year. And I have a couple of other markets in Middle East and Europe that are focused on part of this  of this portfolio. Like we always said, we wanted to select fewer but big brands and segments in about 8 countries to 10 countries to establish ourselves in the next two years to three years in a big way and we continue to follow this path.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. I really appreciate the incremental color. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question for the session comes from Steve Strycula of UBS. Your line is open.
Steven Strycula - UBS Securities LLC: Good afternoon. Quick question on cash flow, wanted to get an idea of, I think, this year is the peak CapEx year for yourselves, I was just wondering how should we think about with the majority of the footprint action being made this year, should we expect a step-down next year?
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: No, that's correct. We expect the majority of the CapEx initiatives from fruit remains (48:41) to be executed during the 2016.
Steven Strycula - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. And then a quick follow-up question. When we think about the combination of Kraft and legacy Heinz, each asset base brings its own distinct qualities and functionality. I would like to know what you guys think longer term in terms of strategy, what makes the most incremental sense? Is it international distribution? Is it more U.S. cash flow? Is it exposure to faster growing categories? What do you think the portfolio needs from here?
Bernardo Vieira Hees - Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Steve. Look, I don't think it's one or the other, right? I think George mentioned the (49:25) I was talking about expansion. We saw the best performance in the second quarter in Europe even in the first quarter even not being where we wanted to be. But when you see your question and given the footprint you have from a manufacturer's standpoint, I think we can believe and to the categories you operate that we can't push profitable growth through  in mature markets like U.S., Canada, Europe and also in more emerging markets in whitespace opportunities like Brazil, Russia, China and others. So I wouldn't select one or the other. I think after the footprint activity, especially United States and Canada, we will have the capabilities given the investment we are making to really push an agenda of profitable growth so the market can be expanded and our supply chain will be able to cope with that.
Steven Strycula - UBS Securities LLC: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Chris Jakubik, Vice President of Investor Relations, for any closing remarks. Sir?
Christopher M. Jakubik - Vice President-Investor Relations, Kraft Foods Group, Inc.: Thank you and thanks, everyone, for joining us today. For the analysts who have follow-up questions, Rishi Natarajan and myself will be around to take them. And for anyone in the media who has follow-up questions, Michael Mullen will be available. So thanks once again and have a great evening.
Bernardo Vieira Hees - Chief Executive Officer: Thank you all, I appreciate it.
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your program. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-05-04 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Christopher M. Jakubik - Vice President-Investor Relations, Kraft Foods Group, Inc. Bernardo Vieira Hees - Chief Executive Officer Georges El-Zoghbi - Chief Operating Officer Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Analysts: Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc. Pablo Zuanic - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP Vivek Srivastava - Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Pvt Ltd. Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Michael Lavery - CLSA Americas LLC David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC Priya Ohri-Gupta - Barclays Capital, Inc.
Operator: Good day, my name is Sabrina and I will be your operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to The Kraft Heinz Company's First Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. I will now turn the call over to Chris Jakubik, Head of Investor Relations. Mr. Jakubik, you may begin.
Christopher M. Jakubik - Vice President-Investor Relations, Kraft Foods Group, Inc.: Good afternoon and thanks for joining our business update for the first quarter of 2016. With me today are Bernardo Hees, our CEO; Paulo Basilio, our CFO; and George Zoghbi, the Chief Operating Officer of our U.S. commercial business. During our remarks, we'll make some forward-looking statements that are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ due to risks and uncertainties, and these are discussed in our press release and our filings with the SEC. We'll discuss some non-GAAP financial measures during the call today, and you can find the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our earnings release and at the back of the slide presentation available on our website. And with that let's turn to slide 2, and I'll hand it over to Bernardo.
Bernardo Vieira Hees - Chief Executive Officer: Thank you Chris, and good afternoon everyone. Here we're again. It seems like only a few weeks ago we were reviewing Q4 results. Last call, we gave our agenda for 2016, so how we're doing so far? We're off to a good start, good not great. As expected, some headwinds hung around, including consumption trends in some key categories that held us back. On our last call, we spoke about plans to address categories such as U.K. soups, U.S. mac & cheese, ready-to-drink beverage, and frozen nutritional meals. And while we're making progress against those opportunities and expect better performance as the year unfolds, they held back our results in Q1. At the same time, our emphasis on profitable sales growth is paying off. Our market share trends are improving behind innovation and marketing investments. For instance, investments we've made in our global ketchup franchise are leading category growth in the U.S., Canada, and Europe and driving strong growth for us in developing markets. In Europe, outside of U.K. soup, the rest of the portfolio is improving share performance in a challenging consumer and retail environment. And we're seeing good gains from investments in the rest of the world, pasta sauce in Latin America, soy sauce in China, and soups and mayo in Australia. We were also able to improve our sales and go-to-market execution in what remains a challenging retail environment. For instance, our Case Fill Rate in the United States was 98%; Europe was above target at more than 99%. And Canada achieved for the first time, 97%. Why is this so important? As we implement our manufacturing footprint initiatives, we're trying to keep our focus in two areas, customer service, where we had a good performance with our customers, which is shown by increased service levels in the quarter. In fact, we are already becoming the benchmark for customer service in some key categories. And second, product quality where I'm pleased to report progress in the quarter, but with a lot of work still to be done. Regarding the integration program, I'm also happy to report that our savings are coming faster than we were expecting, roughly $225 million in Q1. Paulo will speak more about where we stand with the overall program later. But faster progress towards our goal to achieve best-in-class margins allowed us to invest with greater confidence as we lay the groundwork for future growth. Our Big Bet launches are starting to gain traction in the marketplace, and we have more to come. George will talk about our strong pipeline for U.S. Big Bets. In Europe, we continue to go after the opportunity to grow condiments and sauces with the March launch of Heinz Seriously Good Mayonnaise in the U.K., Spain, Italy, and Germany. In Italy, we launched a Plasmon Nutrimune, which contains a proprietary functional ingredient that significantly improves babies' immune systems. And in both Europe and North America, we're beginning to go after whitespace opportunities in foodservice. Finally, we took further steps to bring our performance-driven culture to life. As part of our MBO process, management by objectives process, first quarter performance appraisals are going well. We now have 6,000 employees worldwide, who have MBOs, up from 3,000 at this point last year. So overall, good operating progress that we expect will lead to better execution and profitable growth going forward. But let's turn to slide three to see what this meant for our Q1 financial results. On the top line, while we saw less foreign exchange drag than Q3 and Q4 that year, it was still a 4.5% headwind on Q1 results. That being said, we had a solid organic net sales performance, up 1.1%, driven by a good balance of volume/mix and pricing. Pricing was up 0.3%, reflecting gains in most segments, despite deflation in key commodities in the United States and Canada. Volume/mix was up 0.8%, reflecting growth in, first, condiments and sauces globally with particular strength in developing markets; second, Lunchables and P3 in the U.S. And finally, foodservice expansion in the United States. At EBITDA, we drove strong dollar growth and margin performance, both year-over-year and sequentially from Q4, despite the Venezuela devaluation impact that began in Q3, 2015. This was driven by a combination of our strong cost-savings performance, favorable pricing relative to key commodity costs over the prior year, and profitable top-line growth. At the EPS line, adjusted EPS was up 37.7% versus the year ago period to $0.73, primarily reflecting the growth in adjusted EBITDA. Now, I'll hand over to George and Paulo to talk more about how we did in each reporting segment and what we expect going forward. George?
Georges El-Zoghbi - Chief Operating Officer: Thank you, Bernardo, and good afternoon, everyone. Turning to slide four, overall, we are encouraged by our U.S. results so far this year, as it reflects steady commercial execution in a year of transformation. In the first quarter, we had a mix of positives and negatives we have seen before. We have continued our momentum from investments in Heinz ketchup and mustard, Philadelphia cream cheese, Lunchables and P3, and ready-to-eat refrigerated desserts. At the same time, consumption and share challenges in ready-to-drink beverages, mac and cheese, frozen nutritional meals, and salad dressings remained. And, I will mention what we are doing about it in a moment. We did deliver sequentially stronger organic growth in Q1, although you will note that our growth was above consumption which you would have seen in our first quarter scanner data. This was due to three factors. First, we saw solid growth in our foodservice business and non-traditional retail channels like club and dollar stores. This is consistent with the business development or whitespace opportunities I mentioned on our last call. Much of it has been enabled by the combination of the Kraft and Heinz foodservice teams, and we should continue growing in coming quarters. The other two factors were new product pipeline fill from our solid innovation agenda and shipment timing between quarters, which we do not expect to repeat in the second quarter. We also saw our cost savings initiative pick up pace sequentially from Q4. This is from ZBB and procurement savings, adding momentum to the organizational structure savings we saw in the fourth quarter of last year. It positions us well as we ramp up modernization and capability-building within our manufacturing footprint, and continue to invest behind our brands and Big Bets over the rest of the year. I hope you have seen some of our advertising already, but our Big Bets activities are beginning to gain some traction in the marketplace, with more activities to come. For example, the launch of our Kraft Mac & Cheese renovation has been well received by consumers. And we supplemented that with the launch of new premium Mac & Cheese under the Cracker Barrel brand in the same category. We launched Capri Sun Organic and renovated our Kool-Aid Jammers product with fewer calories and no preservatives. We added a new line of premium pasta sauces under the Classico Riserva brand, made with no artificial ingredients or added sugar. We strengthened our barbecue sauces business by adding new lines under the Heinz brand, betting on consumer regional preferences in this category. And we added new lines to our salad dressing business including new packaging formats. It's very early days. And we are not claiming victory in any category; but to the extent we can prove the trend-bending ability of our Big Bets, it's not only good for Kraft Heinz, it's good for the center of the store in general. With that I'll turn it over to Paulo to wrap up our prepared comments.
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thank you, George and good afternoon everyone. I will start on slide five and add a few notes on U.S. Q1 financials. Within organic growth, pricing was flat, reflecting pricing gains across most categories, despite a headwind from deflation in key commodities. Flat volume/mix mainly reflected innovation in Lunchables and P3, the foodservice gains and shipment timing George discussed, and gains in coffee that were partially offset by lower shipments of ready-to-drink beverages where we were up against pre-price increase buying with Capri Sun last year; as well as lower consumption of bacon and frozen nutritional meals. The Easter holiday shift did not play a significant role versus last year. In terms of adjusted EBITDA and margin expansion, this was driven by integration program savings as well as two other factors, one was favorable pricing relative to lower key commodity costs, and the fact that we were comparing against a Q1, last year, where the Kraft business saw pricing trail the impact of key commodity costs. While we've seen a similar benefit for the past couple of quarters, we expect the pricing to be more in line with key commodity costs as we move forward. The other factor, an offsetting impact, was unfavorable volume declines in ready-to-drink beverages and frozen nutritional meals. Let's turn to slide six to talk about the key factors impacting Canada in the first quarter. In Canada, we continued to see strong currency headwinds but the negative 10% impact from currency was slightly less intense than what we saw in Q3 and Q4 last year. Organically, we delivered sequentially better sales performance with pricing gains exceeding the related decline in volume/mix. As we said on the last call, heading into 2016, we were facing challenges to increase prices in order to offset higher input costs in local currency terms. As a result, we saw positive pricing of 3.7% despite headwinds related to deflation in select key commodities. Volume/mix went down 2.2% as solid growth in condiments and sauces was more than offset by a decline in cheese due to a reduction in promotional activity versus Q1 last year, as well as lower coffee and foodservice shipments. Adjusted EBITDA was up 33.6% versus the year-ago period, despite a negative 14.2% impact from currency. Adjusted EBITDA growth was driven by gains from cost savings initiatives and favorable pricing relative to higher local input costs, that were partially offset by unfavorable volume/mix. Overall, we saw a lot of EBITDA favorability this Q1 in Canada. However, I would note that some of the Q1 upside was driven by favorable timing of pricing versus declining commodity costs. As a result, we will not expect our EBITDA margins in Canada to continue at that level in Q1, as price levels are expected to be more consistent with the key commodity costs in coming quarters. That brings us to Europe on slide seven. In contrast to Q1 profitability in Canada, being better than we would expect for the balance of the year, we expect the balance of the year in Europe to be progressively better than what we saw in Q1. While we saw sequential improvement in Europe's organic sales performance in Q1, including an improving volume/mix trend. It was still down, and down largely due to higher promotional spending versus the prior year. The increase in promotional spending was due to two factors. First was a return to more normal promotional frequency in U.K. beans versus the prior year. And as a result, we saw a solid lift in U.K. beans volume. The second factor affecting pricing was a Q1 infusion of promotional spending in U.K. soups to address distribution losses from Q4's programming execution. While this led to a solid March performance, our January and February results were much more like what we saw in Q4, made worse by the fact we were at the high of the soup season. This along with the lower shipments of infant nutrition in the U.K. and Italy led to a volume/mix decline of 0.8%, and offset both the solid volume gains in the U.K. beans as well as ongoing growth in condiments and sauces across Europe. Constant currency EBITDA also went down versus prior year. And margins were less, both sequentially and versus prior year. Again, this was primarily due to investments in pricing to defend U.K. soups as well as weaker category consumption in that category. We also had higher marketing costs versus prior year in Q1, driven by investments behind Big Bets, but coming ahead of growth from these initiatives that we expect later in the year. In the end, we feel better about the health of our European business than our Q1 numbers might indicate and are continuing to invest in profitable growth as we move forward. Finally, we will look at the rest of the world on slide eight. Here, we saw slightly less foreign currency drag in Q1 versus Q3 and Q4, but still over 25%, mainly due to recognizing the devaluation of the Venezuelan bolvar at the end of Q2, 2015. In terms of organic growth, we saw greater organic sales growth for the second quarter in a row, driven by a good balance of volume/mix and pricing. Pricing of 2.1% was mainly driven by pricing to higher local input costs in Latin America. Volume/mix went up 8.3% due to strong growth in condiments and sauces in all regions, as well as strong beverage growth in Indonesia versus the prior year period. But I would note that the Indonesian beverage growth was mainly due to earlier Ramadan shipments, so we will give back part of this favorability in Q2. At EBITDA, we saw a 12.1% decline in adjusted EBITDA due to negative 38.2% impact from currency. 29.5% of which was from the Venezuelan bolvar devaluation. Constant currency adjusted EBITDA was up strongly in Q1, driven almost exclusively by volume gains and mix improvement. That covers our Q1 results. Before we go to Q&A, I want to quickly provide an update on two areas: our capital structure and our expectations for the balance of 2016. I will start with capital structure on slide nine. I think it's important to recognize the significant steps we've taken and plan to take to strengthen our capital structure. As you may have seen in our 10-K, we've taken steps to reduce and de-risk our pension and postretirement liabilities. We froze or ended executive retirement benefits plan where possible. And during both last year and the first quarter, we've taken actions to improve our funded status by approximately $1.7 billion and further de-risked our plans by an additional $1.7 billion through terminations, buyouts, and lump sum offerings. We've also been able to match our debt with our underlying business structure, and believe we've made our balance sheet and P&L well-protected against currency volatility. Going forward, we remain confident in reducing leverage from roughly 4 times net debt to rolling 12-months adjusted EBITDA at the end of Q1 to less than 3 times over the medium term. In addition to grow EBITDA, three factors will also help us to get there. One important step will be refinancing our preferred stock when it becomes redeemable in June. At current interest rates, we expect this will be a highly accretive action from both an earnings and cash flow perspective. Second, we continue to expect to pay down $2 billion of debt by July 2017. And third, we aren't planning to commence any common stock repurchases until at least July 2017. Overall, we are making good progress in balancing a conservative financial policy, while remaining committed to a strong dividend payout. That brings us to slide 10 and our outlook. First, we remain on track or ahead in each of the three areas of our integration program; organizational structure, ZBB, and manufacturing footprint. All our targets remain the same, savings and cost to achieve. We continue to target cost savings of $1.5 billion, net of inflation, fully realized in 2017. And we still anticipate $1.9 billion of pre-tax P&L costs, including $1.1 billion in cash. Through Q1, we've taken roughly $1.1 billion or just over a half of the total P&L costs, including roughly $700 million or 65% of our likely cash expense. On the capital expenditures side, we continue to anticipate $1.1 billion of CapEx from the integration program. To date, integration related CapEx has been just over $300 million or roughly 30% of the CapEx spend we're anticipating. But keep in mind that integration-related CapEx is in addition to the 2.5% to 3% of net sales we expect to spend on an ongoing basis. As far as our 2016 outlook goes, based on our results through Q1, we remain confident that we'll make meaningful progress this year towards our goal of achieving best-in-class margin. That being said, as I mentioned earlier, pricing is likely to be more in line with key commodity costs going forward. And faster ZBB savings will give way to organizational structure savings beginning to lap around September. By contrast, we expect to see stronger EPS in the second half of the year due to expected earnings accretion from refinancing of our Preferred Stock in June. That's our current expectation from a financial perspective, but we have significant work ahead of us to realize our potential. We have additional Big Bets to launch as the year progresses and we continue to lay the groundwork for whitespace expansion of both Kraft and Heinz brands in both foodservice and international channels. We are also ramping up our IT and supply chain footprint activities significantly. And we are highly aware that, in many ways, we've benefited so far by a lack of business disruption, and making sure that remains the case will be a key area of emphasis throughout the year. Kraft Heinz is in a good position to unleash profitable growth, but as Bernardo said on our last call, it's also a time of significant challenges for The Kraft Heinz Company. Thank you, and now we'd be happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. And our first question comes from the line of Chris Growe of Stifel. Your line is now open.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hi, good afternoon.
Bernardo Vieira Hees - Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Chris.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hi, just had a question for you in relation to the synergies and the savings coming through, when you see the incremental savings, I think I heard you discuss, Paulo, some discussion about ZBB savings coming through this quarter. I just was curious as well is that the main driver of the incremental savings sequentially or are there footprint savings coming through as well; I thought of those being more back half of the year?
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Hi, Chris this is Paulo. You're right and I'll  we're seeing these savings appearing in our results earlier and then the majority of this is coming from our ZBB program and in some part also from the footprint that we started but the majority of them are coming from the ZBB.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: And should we think about the footprint savings then continuing through Q2 and those are just starting earlier? Or is it still more back half loaded in 2016?
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: It is still more back half loaded in 2016.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay, just  okay, thank you. And just one quick follow-up. I think you mentioned in the U.S. there was a very little Easter effect, were there any  I heard a couple of unique factors that affected the quarter. Was Easter a factor overall for the business perhaps in Europe as well?
Georges El-Zoghbi - Chief Operating Officer: Hi, Chris. This is George. Thank you for that. Easter for us was effective mainly in shipment. As I said in my remarks, what we saw  the difference between shipment and consumption was due to three factors mainly. One of them is the shipment timing, as we anticipated large uptake on promotions for Easter, and that was one-off and we would be giving back in the following quarter. The second one was filling the pipeline for the Big Bets NPD that we had and that was a one-off. And the third one, we have about 20% of our U.S. business, comes from foodservice and non-measured channels. And that for us was growing healthy at mid-single-digit in Q1, and we will continue to have a positive outlook on that part of the business.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Thank you for your time.
Georges El-Zoghbi - Chief Operating Officer: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Ken Goldman of JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Good afternoon, everybody. There's this thesis out there and I'm sure you've heard it ready espoused by some of your competitors, that you're ripping out promotions too aggressively, and these reductions you're making, they're helping now, but eventually, you'll tick off your customers, you'll lose some display space and you'll suffer. So, I'm just curious, now that you're further into the development of this particular business, can you talk about why that's not a fair assessment? I mean, I know you talked about customer service being a key focus area going forward, but how is your relationship with your larger customers today? And do you see any meaningful risk of shelf space losses ahead as a result of maybe being very aggressive with pulling out some promotions?
Bernardo Vieira Hees - Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Ken. Here's Bernardo Hees. I'm going to try to address part of your question, then I'm going to let George jump in to talk about the relationship with the clients and so on. The reason we're confident about the model moving forward, if you think about it, because you believe that efficiencies you're generating put us in a competitive advantage to really support and push an agenda of profitable growth, right, by investing the things we believe can really affect the marketplace, and like we say, really three pillars, is innovation through our Big Bets strategy, more marketing expenditures, and building the go-to-market capability. And if you see what's happening in the company is actually the opposite; you see marketing expenditures going up, selling expenditures going up, and the Big Bets are coming at a faster pace. So, there are a lot of challenge in our categories and like George was saying before, there is still a lot for us to do to overcome them not only here in the United States, but also in different areas of the world. But we truly believe we are preserving and investing where our consumers can see in the marketplace and the efficiencies can help us to have a competitive advantage to push the agenda of profitable growth. With that, I'm going to let George to complement with the client relationship.
Georges El-Zoghbi - Chief Operating Officer: Thank you, Ken. I think for us, it's worth looking at different category performance. We have some performance in categories, we are really over-performing the category, like ketchup, mustard, pasta sauces, cheeses, Planters, single-serve coffee and we have categories where we are underperforming like frozen meal, bacon hot dogs, salad dressing. I think where we are underperforming, it's largely sometimes we are missing the mark from a consumer trends point of view rather than having a different business model. Our business model applies to all categories similarly. So from a relationship with retailers, we believe we have a very strong relationship, we have a positive relationship and we see a positive outlook there. The most important things between us and our retailers and in my discussion with many of them was whether we can maintain the service level up or not. And we have demonstrated not only we can maintain the service level and the Case Fill Rate, but we actually increased it and we feel good about that.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is now open.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey, good afternoon, everyone. Just two questions around the EBITDA growth year-over-year. I guess if you look at it, there was about almost $120 million of EBITDA growth that was above and beyond your cost savings. So one question related to that is how much of that is sort of tailwinds from legacy programs? How much of it is just the favorable spread on price versus commodities? And like, I'm just trying to get underneath how much of that we should keep in our base as we think about the full year? And then the second related to that is, with some profit upside, will you consider at all either accelerating your investment on revenue generating programs, whether it's Big Bets or filling white space or will you maybe spend more than you were originally thinking, because you've got some upside there?
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Hi, Bryan, this is Paulo. I'm going to answer the first part of your question and then ask Bernardo to get the second. If you think about the EBITDA, if you isolate the North America, that is U.S. and Canada, the two countries that are really more exposed to the big four commodities in the savings initiatives that we are having this year; the EBITDA improved around $400 million. Out of this, $225 million are coming from our savings program as we disclosed, a bit more than the half the rest is coming from a price net of commodity favorability versus prior year that we are not expecting to repeat going forward. The balance is coming from a combination of other impacts including marketing timing.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay.
Bernardo Vieira Hees - Chief Executive Officer: On your  Bryan, on your question about accelerating the sales initiatives and so on, it's really not too related to the financial capability in that sense and how much you can invest and so there are other considerations like George was saying by  with the product pipeline having the right consumer insight, testing well, having the right communication about it. So it takes some time and each category is a little different for us to  really what we call a big bet that we believe can generate the ROI in a significant step forward. So, it's not really having more financial capability or less, but having the discipline in the process to have a product and a proposition that we consider, we consider a winning proposition.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar of Barclays. Your line is now open.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Good evening, everybody.
Christopher M. Jakubik - Vice President-Investor Relations, Kraft Foods Group, Inc.: Hey, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Of the three items that you talked about as causing some of the differential between shipments and consumption in the first quarter, the first two being Easter and filling of the pipeline behind some of the new items, are the ones that are or you talked about is really not recurring if you will? Is there a way to help quantify the impact that those two things had on overall organic sales in the first quarter to get a sense of what maybe a more sustainable rate of organic sales were in the first quarter?
Georges El-Zoghbi - Chief Operating Officer: Yes. Thank you, Andrew. First let me clarify something that we're unlikely to have shipment exactly in line with measured channel consumption in any given quarter. And this is  the fact is that the major big, the major and big holiday week were sales for us completely stock in consumption and many times they fall in different quarters to where the shipment goes. So your question is very good about, okay, how we can quantify that? The best way to look at it is, about 20% of our business doesn't come from measured channel, so the rest you can see this kind of data the way we see it. That business for us in Q1 grew at around low single digits to-mid single digits, and we expect to continue seeing positive outlook on that business. The other two, one of them was completely one-off. We launched four Big Bets in Q1, so we had one-off pipeline that would have a neutral effect moving forward, and one was timing of shipments between Q1 and Q2 that we'd see some of it reversing.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And then, I think on the last call, George, you talked about the goal really for organic sales this year as a whole was really to kind of show sales that were stable. And I don't think by stable you necessarily meant flat year-over-year, but just not really subject to a lot of disruption, let's say, from the integration of Kraft and things like that, even accounting for some of these things like pipeline fill and whatnot in the first quarter. It kind of seems like maybe organic sales were maybe more than stable, in other words, you didn't have any big disruptions, and perhaps organic sales were give or take still flattish or so. So, I guess we're just trying to get a sense of whether you feel like you are even maybe ahead of plan with respect to just organic sales already in this year relative to what maybe your initial hope or expectation had been, and if so, would love to get a sense of the drivers there.
Georges El-Zoghbi - Chief Operating Officer: Thank you, Andrew. You're right, that we did not have any disruption. We have been working very hard to ensure that we didn't get any disruption and we will continue working very hard not to get any disruption moving forward. However, there are a lot of headwind coming at us as you know that is putting downward pressure on sales, because historically in the U.S. market the growth did not come from volume. If you look back for the last number of years, it came from inflation and that inflation was based on commodities inflation. Now, we are living in an environment where there is no inflation in commodities, so it is harder to be able to say, to have a bullish approach to grow. What we said, and we'll continue to maintain, that we would have stable top line. And as you know, we have an exposure to a large number of commodities, so it's very hard to put exact number to it, but we feel that stability for us is a very good outcome.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Pablo Zuanic of Susquehanna. Your line is now open.
Pablo Zuanic - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Thank you. Just two questions. So, to be clear, you mentioned that $220 million or the $225 million came from North America, I don't know if you've given the number for the total $1.5 billion before if you can comment on that? And the second question, I mean the EBITDA growth in this quarter was about half driven by those cost savings and then you qualified in one of my previous questions, the fact that some of the drivers of the other half of that EBITDA expansion would not be there in the second half, and that we should assume that the EBITDA growth in the second half is going to be mostly driven by the cost savings. So if you can just expand on that please? Thank you.
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Hi. So, hi, this is Paulo, Pablo. So let me maybe repeat what I said and explain the bridge. So what I said was that, we have two countries that are exposure today for the savings, for integration plans that we have that are U.S. and Canada, okay? So when you get the EBITDA improvement from these two countries, for the region for North America, the EBITDA improved by $400 million, $225 million came from the sales initiatives that we had. The balance, more than half, a little bit more than half of the balance is coming from price net of commodity that you're not expecting to repeat going forward. In the balance, it's a combination of other initiatives including marking time, not market timing, that was the view that we have. Going forward, we expect our program savings, it's still ramping up to the year every quarter until we get to the $1.5 billion savings through savings that we expect to see in 2017.
Pablo Zuanic - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Thank you. Just a quick follow-up. So, when do you start on a different subject, when do you start looking at SKU cards or is that already happening and looking at divestitures? And related to that, back in the day, Burger King lost The Heinz  the ketchup business with McDonald's, is that a risk that you would lose the My Caf brand in the coffee business at some point? Thanks.
Georges El-Zoghbi - Chief Operating Officer: Thank you, Pablo. This is George. Let me start answering this backward on the second half of the question. Excuse me for not commenting on commercial relationship between us and our customers. This is a practice that we adopt for all our customers, not just the quick service restaurant. On the first one, from the SKU rationalization as part of the merger, there was no need for us to run a major SKU rationalization program, so it did not exist to bringing the two businesses together. However, having said that, SKU rationalization or pruning what we call it is always looked at as part of our assortment efficiency, so we do that as part of the disciplined business practice. It does not have a significant impact that is worthy of reporting, and that's why we do not mention it in our numbers here.
Pablo Zuanic - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Okay. Thank you.
Georges El-Zoghbi - Chief Operating Officer: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Vivek Srivastava of Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Vivek Srivastava - Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Pvt Ltd.: Hi, just a question on trade belt optimization in Europe. In 2015, you were able to have better pricing on back of promotional cuts in U.K. How does 2016 look in terms of promotions in U.K. and are there any new geographies in Europe, where you are thinking of promotion cuts?
Bernardo Vieira Hees - Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Vivek. It's Bernardo. Thanks for the question. I think, this  your question allows me to comment a little bit about the outperformance in Europe. And I think here, it's important to really separate a Continental Europe from the U.K. We had actually a very solid first quarter in Continental Europe from the Netherlands to Germany, France, Spain, even Italy, that has been more challenge for us. On the infant category, we had a better first quarter. On the other hand, the U.K. that's a significant part of our business, in Europe had key categories that experienced challenges, especially the soup one, that's related to your question about promo activity. And in the soup, Paulo mentioned that, during the remarks, we came, given the underperformance, we have on the four quarters during the soup season, we decided to protect market share and distribution infusing trade to the system. When you do that, you're already seeing in March, better volumes and better results and moving forward in U.K., we believe with the summer season coming and so on, we should see and should experience a sequential better quarters moving forward in U.K. I think in Europe as a group, what happened in the soup U.K. is a specific category and is a specific challenge situation from the retail environment and comparatives.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Matthew Grainger of Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi. Good evening, thanks. You call that a few of the factors impacting EBITDA in Europe during the quarter in promotion and marketing spend. As we think about the near-term impact on results of a whitespace launch into a new category like mayonnaise. Are there meaningful upfront costs associated with that kind of expansion, how should we think about the impact of a launch like that during its first year in the market?
Bernardo Vieira Hees - Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Matthew. No, I don't think there's nothing that's not in our plan already. So in a sense it's not that we're going to have higher cost because of the whitespace. You're right to say that given the investment and so on there is a migration of margins that's going to accelerate in the second year, third year and so as we ramp up the awareness, distribution, and so on. But I don't think that's that significant to change the way we think about the business in that sense. I think it's fair to say that our underperformance in the soup season in U.K. forced us to take other measures to put back distribution and market share. That's correct.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. All right, thank you. And then, could I just ask one more on the U.S. coffee category? You called out the category as an area, where you had strong PNOC and also some volume growth, based on scanner data, it seems to be a case where the volume is mostly coming from single-serve. While in roast and ground, you're sacrificing some amount of volume, I guess on the roast and ground piece specifically, are you comfortable with the balance you have there between promotional spending and volumes?
Georges El-Zoghbi - Chief Operating Officer: Yes, thank you, Matthew. This is George. I'll take that. In the coffee category, you are right to separate the roast and ground from the pods business or the single-serve. The decline in roast and ground is largely due to pricing. As you know, we had a deflationary impact in the marketplace, and that put downward pressure on pricing, the volume is declining, but that's slightly. So, that's not the bigger issue for us. And we are seeing and it has been going on for some time now, consumer shift towards the more convenient pods or single-serve categories. In this category, we are very pleased with our performance. As you know from the scanner data, we grew at over 13% year-to-date, compared to a category growth of 6.9%, so that is twice the category growth, and that's where we believe the future is going to be. We are also comfortable with where we are at from profitability point of view, during the time of deflation.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you, George.
Georges El-Zoghbi - Chief Operating Officer: Thank you, Matthew.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Michael Lavery of CLSA. Your line is now open.
Michael Lavery - CLSA Americas LLC: Good evening. Just as you look at your margin opportunity, say two years or three years out, how do you think about what the opportunity is over and above the savings? Do you do a bottoms-up for you? Do you do benchmarking, is it both of those? And where do you see where that can go? And then just a housekeeping question on volume and mix, can you give a sense of what the split is between those two?
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yes, Michael, let me start with the second. We don't break down volume mix when you see the number of categories and brands that we have, we don't provide this breakdown. In relation with the first question again, we have this program today that we are very focused to deliver, but again when you see, we're always going to be looking for in  we always benchmark ourselves, we benchmark the expense that we have, a lot of work in terms of what's the best way for us to provide in the cost to serve in the company, but yes, that's right, we're going keep the ZBB program, is a program that it refresh itself every year. So again, all the tools that we have, I'm sure that it will allow us, to be every time reviewing this and pushing more to have a more efficient company.
Michael Lavery - CLSA Americas LLC: And just in terms of where you might ever hit a wall or if there is limits to that? Do you have ways you can measure or try to quantify that?
Bernardo Vieira Hees - Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Michael, it's Bernardo. Look, the experience we have and the way we think about those tools forward was mentioned just a couple of minutes ago, it's much more as a system than really a one-off or it's not the way we do things here, that's why our thinking is very long-term in that sense. So ZBB MBO revenue management, all the innovation pipeline, the way we follow through the process here, we're looking 2016, 2017, 2020, 2025 and is a system. So our experience tells us, that's not a question of having a wall or not a wall like you're saying. It's a question as a system to prepare and to accept value where there are. And sometimes, you're going to be infusing quarter, taking cost that doesn't matter, but the system works in a way that you can identify the opportunity and invest behind, not only from a top line, but from bottom line. So if the process is working properly, I don't believe the situation is a one-off that to cross the line, because we self correct ourselves in a very fast way.
Michael Lavery - CLSA Americas LLC: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of David Palmer of RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks, good evening. Your gross margin gain of over 550 basis points in the quarter, that was even more than the fourth quarter which surprised us, particularly, because the promotion comparisons were not as easy as that quarter. You mentioned that pricing net of commodities was favorable, how much of the gross margin gain would be what you would call commodity timing? And perhaps what are some of the other drivers that you would call out for gross margin specifically?
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Hi, David. Again, I think, as I was explaining, we had this benefit from the price net of commodity in the first quarter, that's prior year, that for sure was a benefit in terms of gross margin. We also had a piece of our savings a little bit less than half of the savings that $225 million, that is going  is coming  is appearing in the COGS that both of these factors or those of the facts impact the gross margin and kind of explain the majority of the improvement we had in the gross margin ratio. Again, that's not the clear way that we track the business, generally we separate more between contribution margin, variable cost and fixed cost. But those were the main facts that we had in the gross profit.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Is there any color that you could offer about what's driving that mid-single-digit growth that you see sustainable on the foodservice area?
Georges El-Zoghbi - Chief Operating Officer: Thank you, David. Yes. The foodservice is not just a foodservice area, it's foodservice and other non-measured channels. So, it is anything that goes into club stores, commissaries, foodservice and Dollar General. For one, these businesses tend to have a higher rate of growth than the measured channels, and two, as I mentioned on the last call, we initiated a major whitespace and business development program that started to payoff, and we continue to see a positive outflow for these businesses.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: And then one last one on advertising spending, in the quarter, does that increase become behind some of those Big Bets, and what's your general plan for ad spending for the year? Thanks very much.
Georges El-Zoghbi - Chief Operating Officer: Yes, the advertising as we said on the last call that would be increased in the U.S. by about $50 million year-on-year, and the majority of this is being put behind the Big Bets. You would've seen the advertising so far on the new items that we have launched this Q1 and Q2 where the most of these advertising actually being spent and we will continue into Q3 and Q4.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you.
Georges El-Zoghbi - Chief Operating Officer: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question comes from the line of Priya Ohri-Gupta of Barclays. Your line is now open.
Priya Ohri-Gupta - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you so much for taking the question. Two, if I may. First, can you just talk about how you think about some of the secured debt in your structure, whether there is a focus on trying to clean that up and have only unsecured borrowings given that you are an investment grade issuer? And then just secondly, can you talk a little bit about the rationale behind the $4 billion commercial paper program you put in place recently and just in terms of the size of that versus your ongoing needs? Thank you.
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Hi, Priya. Again as you know, we have intention to redeem the prefer as soon as it gets callable beginning of June. We've talked a lot how accretive this transaction would be in terms of cash flow and earnings and EPS for the company. We are considering how close we are to access the market. I would prefer and I will disclose this information soon, as soon as we access the markets. But we are intended to access the market in the near-term.
Operator: Thank you. And I would now like to turn the conference back to Chris Jakubik for closing remarks.
Christopher M. Jakubik - Vice President-Investor Relations, Kraft Foods Group, Inc.: Okay. Thanks, everyone, for joining us today. For any of the analysts who have follow-up questions, Rishi Natarajan (57:11) and myself will be around to take your calls and if anybody from media has any follow-up questions, Michael Mullen would be happy to take your calls. Thanks very much, and have a great night.
Bernardo Vieira Hees - Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Georges El-Zoghbi - Chief Operating Officer: Thank you.
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-25 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Christopher M. Jakubik - Kraft Foods Group, Inc. Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co. Georges El-Zoghbi - The Kraft Heinz Co. Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - The Kraft Heinz Co.
Analysts: Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc. Eric Richard Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC Michael Lavery - CLSA Americas LLC Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co. Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker)
Operator: Good day. My name is Sabrina, and I will be your operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to The Kraft Heinz Company's Fourth Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. I will now turn the call over to Chris Jakubik, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Jakubik, please go ahead.
Christopher M. Jakubik - Kraft Foods Group, Inc.: Good afternoon, and thanks for joining our business update for the fourth quarter of 2015. With me today are Bernardo Hees, our CEO; Paulo Basilio, our CFO; and George Zoghbi, the Chief Operating Officer of our U.S. Commercial Business. During our remarks, we'll make some forward-looking statements that are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ due to risks and uncertainties, and these are discussed in our press release and our filings with the SEC. We'll discuss some non-GAAP financial measures during the call today, and you can find the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our earnings release and at the back of the slide presentation available on our website. Also please note that in 2015 we had a 53rd week, so on the charts in today's presentation we've excluded the extra week from our organic net sales growth figures, and we've provided our estimate of the impact on adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EPS within each of those bars. With that out of the way, let's turn to slide two, and I'll turn it over to Bernardo.
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Thank you, Chris, and good afternoon, everyone. Before we review our results and talk about the year ahead, I want to provide context to today's conversation by reviewing our goals and strategies. As you know from our last call, our strategy is based on three objectives: profitable sales growth, achieving and maintaining best-in-class margins, and a superior return of capital as an investment-grade company. This is our multi-year plan on one page, and it is important to understand that not everything starts to deliver at once. In some cases, like revenue management, it's not a project. We must build an internal capability before we can achieve sustainable results in return. So, with that as the background, let's turn to slide three to talk about where are we on our journey. Overall, 2015 was a year of significant accomplish for Kraft Heinz. We came together as one global organization and began building on the rich history of our dynamic company. The integration team executed an extensive action plan with two main objectives: one, operating as one company with one set of goals and business objectives; and two, achieving solid alignment on the 2016 budget, built from the bottom up by country and field teams. In many ways, we are pleased with what did not happen in 2015, namely business disruption. We made difficult but necessary decisions around organizational restructure that will improve our efficiency, making Kraft Heinz more competitive and accelerating our investments in our brands, products and people. We have already made solid investments in our people, promoting more than 2,400 team members worldwide, and introducing a new long-term incentive program that gives many employees the opportunity to increase their ownership in the company. In short, our vision, values and process are building the culture of ownership and empowerment necessary for the long-term achievements of our company. We have also made significant investments in our world-class brands. We were successful with Big Bets and innovations like Lunchables, P3, Heinz Yellow Mustard, Sauces in Europe and Mayo in Brazil, and we continued to support strong levels of investment in R&D to carry forward Big Bets in 2016 and 2017. Finally, we made meaningful progress across our global operations. We significantly improved our case fill rate in United States and Europe to over 97%, our best performance in both the legacy Heinz and legacy Kraft business in quite a while. We delivered solid EBITDA and margin gains based on savings for manufacturing footprint efficiencies and improved product mix, and we achieved strong performance in the U.S. cheese and meat business, effectively managing pricing net of commodity costs. This led to the establish of a solid financial base for the new Kraft Heinz Company that we believe can grow strongly and sustainably. Before I go to our agenda for 2016, I'm going to ask George and Paulo to talk about how we landed 2015 and provide a deeper update on the overall status of our key business. George?
Georges El-Zoghbi - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Thank you, Bernardo, and good afternoon, everyone. Turning to slide four, I will begin by saying that we are feeling good about the state of our U.S. business, and our ability to generate profitable growth in 2016 and beyond. And that's despite a sizable step-down in volume and mix performance in Q4. So why am I optimistic? Several reasons. First, we're driving profitable net sales with significantly lower promotional activity versus Q4 2014. As you can see on the slide, we drove solid 1.2% non-promoted consumption in Q4 and 1.5% non-promoted consumption for the full year for our combined portfolio in the United States. This was driven by innovation, new product news and an increase in working media behind ketchup, pasta sauces, Lunchables, P3, cold cuts, single-serve coffee and cream cheese. Secondly, our shipments were below consumption in the fourth quarter. This was due to shipment timing versus prior period, and mainly related to comparisons with Q4 last year when for instance we were filling the retail pipeline ahead of our launch of McCaf as well as the business losses in the foodservice highlighted on our last call. But this is now behind us, and we are pursuing a solid development plan for our foodservice business in 2016. Third is the fact that our integration initiatives are beginning to have an impact, with organizational structure savings contributing to EBITDA growth in Q4. And looking forward, savings from ZBB should begin to be realized across our combined operations, and modernization and capability building within our manufacturing footprint should ramp up significantly. Finally, I am also confident about our prospects because of our robust innovation pipeline, Big Bets, and my belief that we are well-positioned to build on our 2015 accomplishments in 2016. In particular, we'll become even more equipped and more focused on putting products and investable marketing ideas into the marketplace against some of our biggest turnaround opportunities. I'm not going to tell you that we have a solution for every part of our portfolio just yet, but I do believe our pipeline is in better shape to commercialize trend-bending product into the marketplace, and we will be in even better shape as we execute our footprint initiative over the next two years. Let me give you a few quick examples of what to look for on your next round of store checks. Capri Sun Organic is now in the marketplace, with advertising scheduled to hit later in the second quarter. We're making changes to ensure that Mac & Cheese is more relevant today than ever before, with no artificial flavors, preservatives or synthetic colors. And you will hear us making noise about this very soon. Also, we're working to improve our nutritional frozen meal offerings, which we will talk about later in the year. We will support these and other Big Bets with a solid increase in working media dollars. I hope you all saw our Meet the Ketchups campaign that we kicked off during the Super Bowl. It is part of a major marketing campaign behind Heinz Ketchup. We expect 2016 will be a strong marketing year for us, including a further shift of our advertising spend from non-working to working media, with our goal of increasing working media to at least three-quarters of our marketing budget. With that, I'll turn it over to Paulo to walk through the numbers in more detail.
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Thank you, George, and good afternoon, everyone. Let's turn to slide five to talk about the key factors impacting our total company performance for both Q4 and full year 2015. One of the biggest factors impacting our reported results all year was a strong negative currency translation, an impact that grew to the 6% range on the top line and 9% to 10% of EBITDA beginning in the third quarter, when we recognized the devaluation of the Venezuelan bolvar. And we expect this to continue through the first half of 2016. Net pricing was neutral to favorable in all segments in both Q4, for the full year. This was driven by a combination of price increases and taking out inefficient trade spending, partially offset by lower net pricing related to lower net commodity costs across our big four commodities in the U.S. and Canada. And with dairy prices remaining low, this is something we are likely to see continue into the first half of 2016. We had negative volume/mix in the U.S., Canada and Europe that offset strong growth in Rest of World. The volume/mix decline accelerated in Q4 but mainly due to factors not expected to repeat and I'll talk more about those with our segment results. At the EBITDA line, we delivered strong growth in Q4 and the full year driven by restructuring and integration savings, expanding our adjusted EBITDA margins by more than 200 basis points for the full year. Dropping down to adjusted earnings per share. Adjusted EPS of $0.62 did benefit by approximately $0.03 from the 53rd week, but this was more than offset by roughly $0.10 from unfavorable tax impacts. In Q4 this year, we incurred tax expenses related to the repatriation of foreign earnings, done as part of our legal structure integration process. This pushed our Q4 implied tax rate into the mid-30s, and for the full year to just over 30%. By contrast, in 2014 we had favorable tax impacts that drove implied tax rates on Adjusted EPS into the mid-20% range for both Q4 and full year. That being said, we continue to believe that an effective tax rate of approximately 30% is fairly representative of our average rate on an ongoing basis. That's the total company, let's turn to slide six and our U.S. segment results. You can see here that we had sequentially weaker organic net sales growth in Q4. This was due to weaker overall volume/mix. The primary sources of the volume/mix decline were consistent with what we've seen all year. Category trends and volume loss associated with higher net pricing in ready-to-drink beverages, powdered beverages and boxed dinners. Category and market share declines in nutritional frozen meals. And lower foodservice shipments due to lost bids at some key customers. In Q4, two other factors resulted in unfavorable comparisons and a further year-on-year decline in volume/mix. One, shipment timing meaningfully impacted by the pipeline shipments for the launch of McCaf last year. And two, we executed significant promotional activity in Q4 2014, particularly in parts of our cheese and spoonable portfolios that we chose not to repeat this year. Looking forward, we don't expect either of these factors to hold back our Q1 volume/mix performance. By contrast, growth in pro forma adjusted EBITDA in the U.S. accelerated in Q4, as did adjusted EBITDA margins on both year-over-year basis and sequentially versus Q3. Consistent with the full year, the U.S. benefited from a combination of favorable pricing net of costs and lower overheads. In Q4, our adjusted EBITDA growth and margins picked up momentum from a combination of increased integration savings and better overhead cost performance as the unfavorable bonus accrual comparisons we faced in Q3 faded. In Canada, on slide seven, our results continued to reflect a double-digit currency translation headwind that grew as the year progressed, as well as challenges to increase prices to offset higher input costs in local currency terms. Our price realization improved in Q4 relative to full year. However, volume/mix declines drove organic net sales growth into negative territory. For the year, this was mainly caused by lower shipments in foodservice, refreshment beverages and infant nutrition. In the fourth quarter, the decline in volume/mix was greater, primarily due to comparisons with prior year in foodservice and coffee, including last year's launch-related shipments of McCaf. Adjusted EBITDA in Canada was relatively flat for the year but up mid-single digits in Q4. This reflected the fact that our price realization had caught up to higher local input costs. That being said, our Canadian business is facing further local cost inflation in many categories, and this month we are implementing additional pricing actions to offset the higher costs. Turning to Europe on slide eight, while currency translation remained unfavorable, it was slightly less of a drag on our reported results in Q4 than what we had seen most of the year. Beyond currency, the drivers in Europe remained largely the same in Q4 as it had been year-to-date. Net pricing gains from strategic pricing in ketchup and mayonnaise across a number of markets offset by lower volume/mix. In terms of volume/mix, despite a significant improvement in our product mix, volume/mix was down in the mid-single digits for both the year and Q4. This was primarily driven by volume declines related to cutting inefficient promotional activity in UK beans, price increases in ketchup and ongoing consumption declines in Italy infant nutrition. In addition, we experienced lower UK soup shipments in Q4 due to a combination of three factors: one, our own efforts to reduce low-return promotional frequency; two, competitors moving to increase price-based competitive activity to gain market share; and three, all this happening during unseasonably warm weather at the start of the soup season. While this scenario will likely remain a challenge for us in Q1, we're now putting in place plans to drive better soup consumption and defend market share. In the end, improved product mix, along with manufacturing and overhead cost savings combined to deliver double-digit, constant-currency adjusted EBITDA growth for both Q4 and the year. And we did this while significantly increasing working media during the year. So overall, we feel good about the health of our European business and will continue to invest in profitable growth as we move forward. Finally is Rest of World on slide 9. Here negative currency translation remained at an elevated level in Q4, roughly 33% of net sales and 56% at EBITDA, consistent with the increased impact we saw in Q3 when we recognized the devaluation of the Venezuelan bolvar. And at current exchange rates, this is likely to continue during the first part of 2016. Organic net sales grew more than 9% in both Q4 and the full year, with volume/mix gains getting stronger as the year progressed. For the year, volume/mix growth was driven by strength in ketchup, condiments and sauces across all regions. And these gains more than offset declines in our Complan nutritional beverages business in India. In the fourth quarter, better consumption trends in both Asia and Latin America drove increased volume/mix growth. At EBITDA, we posted strong constant-currency adjusted EBITDA growth for both Q4 and the full year, driven by volume gains, mix improvement, as well as cost savings from ZBB and manufacturing footprint efficiencies. Before I hand it back to Bernardo to close out, I wanted to provide you with a quick update on both synergies and capital structure. I'll start with synergies on slide 10. Overall, we remain on track in each of the three areas of our integration program, organizational structure, ZBB and manufacturing footprint. In 2015 we incurred $829 million of costs, with roughly two-thirds of those costs related to severance and employee benefit. And we spent only about $225 million in CapEx related to the program. Our estimate of the total costs to achieve our targeted savings remains the same: $1.9 billion of pre-tax costs, consisting of approximately $1.1 billion of cash costs and roughly $800 million in non-cash expenses like asset write-offs and accelerated depreciation, and roughly $1.1 billion of CapEx for footprint optimization. I would also note that, in 2016, we expect capital expenditures to ramp up considerably as we begin to roll out the bulk of our footprint initiatives. As a result, the majority of the costs to achieve our program will be spent in 2016. As far as savings, we realized roughly $125 million of savings in 2015. And we continue to target, and remain confident in our ability to deliver aggressive cost savings of $1.5 billion net of inflation by 2017. Turning to slide 11, I'm pleased to share that our board of directors declared a dividend of $0.575 per common share today. In addition, we ended 2015 at just over 4 times net debt to adjusted EBITDA including preferred stock, and are confident we can deliver against our goal to reduce leverage to less than three times adjusted EBITDA over the medium term. An important step in that process will be refinancing our preferred stock when it becomes callable in June. And at current interest rates, this would be a highly accretive action from both an earnings and cash flow perspective for the company. I'll now turn it back to Bernardo to wrap up our prepared remarks.
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Thank you, Paulo. Turning to slide 12, let's talk about what we expect to face in the year ahead. Similar to what we saw in 2015, we expect currency and consumption trends to remain meaningful headwinds across most markets in the year. And as Paulo told you our general managers from Canada to Asia will continue to face pressure to increase prices in many categories to offset higher input costs in local currency. There is also the ongoing need to drive better consumption in the face of both consumer weakness and consumers' desire for fresher, less processed food. All that said, we're very excited about how Kraft Heinz is positioned. To unleash growth, we will continue to focus on innovation, go-to-market capabilities and increasing working media dollars. We'll build our innovation pipeline through big bets in each market, and as the year unfolds, you'll see us launch advances in areas where consumers are migrating. Importantly, we'll continue to take a portfolio approach within the key categories in which we compete, from premium to value offerings, to meet consumer demand across the spectrum. On the cost side, we expect to make significant progress on delivering best-in-class margins through: one, delivering ZBB savings; two, making progress on our manufacturing footprint initiatives; and finally, building a real performance driven culture in Kraft Heinz. It's still early, and as we evolve, I will continue to share our plan. Overall, this is an exciting and challenging time for The Kraft Heinz family. In 2015, we took steps to build a solid base for sustainable growth. We are executing a strong pipeline of initiatives in 2016 and our synergy plans are laid out throughout 2017, which will create an even bigger opportunity to invest in our people, our brands and our products. Overall, we are confident that the company is on track towards our vision to be the best food company, growing a better world. Thank you. And now we'd be happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. And our first question comes from the line of Ken Goldman of JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Good afternoon. I wanted to ask about the comment that you've realized $125 million in savings but you're still targeting $1.5 billion overall because the $125 million's a pretty small percentage of that $1.5 billion, so I'm curious how are you getting such a big EBITDA margin improvement if you've barely scratched the surface on that $1.5 billion? Are the benefits to margins, and maybe this is an obvious answer, but are they coming from drivers outside that number? Lower promotions or what? And I'm just curious to get a little bit of color on that one.
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hi, Ken. This is Paulo. Thanks for the question. I think, actually when you think about our EBITDA margin improvement, it comes from mainly three items. The first thing is price net of commodity that you have in the quarter. We had also some footprint optimization that we saw realized in Europe, and also the reduction in promotion that we stopped doing that we did in the prior year. So on top of that we had also this $125 million in the quarter, important to state this number. We saw the benefits of $125 million in the quarter, so it's one quarter of savings, but those were the main items that we got to increase our EBITDA margin.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you. I'll pass it on. I know the call is long.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane of Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi. Good afternoon. Just a question about the revenue; I think one of the things we've heard quite a bit over the last few months is a concern that as the cost savings and the margin start to expand, that you'll get a downdraft on revenues similar to what you've seen in Heinz, and I think today the organic sales growth was a little bit below where people were expecting. So could you just sort of talk about how this is different from what you experienced at Heinz? And then also, if you could just clarify how much the shipment timing affected the overall sales comp? Thanks.
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hi, Bryan. It's Bernardo. I think it's important, as we highlighted in the remarks, to go to the specific items of the fourth quarter, right? Paulo read we went from all the regions on the specifics. And there were some challenged categories like frozen meals or soup in U.K., but when you see our market share performance and so on, we have been growing quite stable in most parts of that. So most parts what you're seeing, we saw a lot of really leaving negative ROI initiatives that really didn't support the company for the long run as we continue to build the pillars and push us to really a profitable sales agenda. As I always said and it's important to remind, we're a sales organization. And with that in mind, what I can tell you that I think it's  from the highest comparison you made in the beginning and so I think there are a lot of difference in a positive way. First, we are pushing this agenda of innovation, of go-to-market capabilities and higher marketing dollars in a much faster pace than we did at that time, okay? And second, we're actually feeling good about the first quarter of the year and our objectives for 2016 and beyond on pushing this agenda.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you. That's helpful. And then just if you could clarify how much of the shipment timing in the U.S., just to  what effect that had on the comp?
Georges El-Zoghbi - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Yes, Bryan, this is George Zoghbi here. The shipment timing in the U.S. in Q4, as I stated in my pre-prepared remarks, was affected by three things when you look at the comparisons. One is one-off items that we did last year in preparing to the launch of McCaf. That was a big one for us. The second one is we did not do promotional activities that we did in Q4 of 2014. And the third one, in alternative channels we exited businesses that we won't be overlapping moving forward. So moving forward, you're going to see that the shipment sales and the consumption sales will be closely aligned.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you.
Georges El-Zoghbi - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar of Barclays. Your line is now open.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Good evening, everybody.
Christopher M. Jakubik - Kraft Foods Group, Inc.: Andrew.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: This is the second quarter in a row where KHC saw positive pricing net of costs in every region, despite obviously negative  pretty negative input cost trends. So I'm trying to get a sense of how this has been achieved given it's kind of a different outcome than maybe we would have seen from Kraft in the past. And is this sustainable in this type of input cost environment? That's the first. And then just second would be just what did you mean on that one slide about some execution or improvement in sales force execution? Just curious if that changes that sort of in-store activities at the corporate level. What was meant by that would be helpful. Thank you.
Georges El-Zoghbi - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Andrew, this is George. Thank you for your question. Yes, we are very pleased with the work we did on PNOC, not just in Q4 or the last two quarters that you have mentioned, but right throughout 2015, particularly in dairy, in meat, in coffee. And we believe the strength of our brand equities and the investment that we have been making and we continue to make in these brands is allowing us to do that. Do we feel that it's sustainable? Yes, we do. And the reason we feel it's sustainable because while we were doing this and PNOC's been healthy and positive for us, if you look at our market share, which you have access to, we managed to grow share in all these categories. For example, we grew share in cream cheese, we grew share in processed, we grew share in American slices, we grew share in Oscar Mayer meat combos, we grew share in snack nuts and seed, we grew share in coffee. Dairy is where we lost some share, softening in natural cheese and hot dogs and it was our willingness not to chase the market down. So that's, if you want, the reasons why we believe what we did is sustainable and without strong brands we won't be able to do that. That's the first part. The second part of your question, we are now of a size where we believe that assessing our market, go-to-market model and sales by focusing on our capability to cover more areas and be more extensive and the frequency, of course, would be higher would allow us to do more. So we are experimenting with some models that we'll be in a better position to share with you later on in the year.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you.
Georges El-Zoghbi - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Eric Katzman of Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Eric Richard Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi. Good evening, everybody. I guess I have first, like a, basic question, a broad question and then a more specific one. In terms of the, I think, Paulo, you mentioned higher CapEx to deal with the footprint. So I assume the way the savings in 2016 and 2017 are going to flow as a result of that, first will be more SG&A related, and then maybe in 2017 it will be more cost of goods, given the footprint changes, and so I'm wondering, is that correct? And then two, can you say what are the incremental savings you expect in 2016, so we have more of a bridge between the two years? And then I have a technical follow-up question.
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hi, Eric. We are not breaking down the phasing of the savings because that cannot match the quarter (32:38) one week or one month delayed. So what we have normally happen is and what happened last year is, we start with the org restructuring and we saw already in the last quarter the savings flow into our results. And then we have together the ZBB and the footprint happening just right after, and the ZBB is going to be in the long tail. So again, we expect to have the balance of the savings happen during 2016, but appearing in the full P&L in 2017. We do not break out the phasing of the savings.
Eric Richard Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. And then just as a quick follow-up, I'm just trying to understand a little bit more if you've got like $40 billion of goodwill on your balance sheet, is it a function of how the merger was accounted for that there isn't much more non-cash goodwill expense running through the P&L? Because Kraft and Heinz both had big foodservice businesses, and I would have assumed that those would have triggered more non-cash amortization expense. And I'll pass it on. Thanks.
Christopher M. Jakubik - Kraft Foods Group, Inc.: Hi, Eric. It's Chris. I think once you get the 10-K, I think it'll be a little bit clearer because what you had was most of that goodwill going to indefinite-lived assets, a lot in terms of mark-up of brand values because within the transaction it was Kraft being acquired, so that's where most of the goodwill would have been assigned and largely to indefinite-lived assets. But I can follow up with you in a little bit more detail after the call.
Eric Richard Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of David Palmer of RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks. Good evening. Bernardo, you know from having your time in the fast food world that companies there will often open market test a new product launch so the companies and the franchisees will understand how a Big Bet will work before the Big Bet is made and the dollars spent. I'm reflecting on that because I feel like packaged food companies often have a sketchy track record on Big Bet innovation; they kind of give it a try. When you think about the bets you're making this year, how comfortable are you that the incrementality and the returns will be there? And any color why would be helpful. Thanks.
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: David, thanks for the question. It's quite interesting. In a sense, what we've tried to do with the Big Bets not only here in the United States but Canada, Europe and all, we're going to fewer bets, but really bolder and stronger in that sense. So, in order to get there and mitigate the risk, we need really to pass the profile in the pipeline from consumer insight up to the shelf as a program in a much more effective way, and what you have been seeing from the experience in 2016, George mentioned some of them and so on, that really has been paying out. Look at the performance of Heinz Yellow Mustard, you look at P3 and look at hot sauces in Europe, and there are others coming to market in 2016. What's fair to say to your question that we're going to need to be much more robust on the testing, design, understanding consumers and really coming big in supporting to make it a win in the marketplace. If you say that's a more risky strategy that in a fragmented innovation pipeline, you're probably right. In other hand, I think if you do all the steps prior to the launch, as testing, consumer insight and well-designed innovation pipeline, a robust innovation pipeline, I think can be quite significant but you really can move the needle in the company from a stable standpoint, and that's what we're looking for here.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Michael Lavery of CLSA. Your line is now open.
Michael Lavery - CLSA Americas LLC: Good afternoon.
Christopher M. Jakubik - Kraft Foods Group, Inc.: Hi, Michael.
Michael Lavery - CLSA Americas LLC: Could you talk a little bit about your marketing spending? And the 75% working spend that you're targeting, does that imply a net increase in marketing or can you actually get costs still down overall? And then just a little bit related to that, can you talk a little bit about the Kraft Kitchens database? Are you able to take advantage of that as well given that you have that proprietary property?
Georges El-Zoghbi - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Michael, this is George. Thank you for your question. The first one about the marketing spend, we look at marketing in two buckets if you want: one is non-working media and one is working media. The non-working media are things such as production costs, advertising agency costs and that sort of things. And working media is actually what we pay for the ads to be aired or put on digital carrier or in print and so forth. That part of marketing will be growing by about $50 million this year versus prior year in the United States. The other part we are getting efficiencies from the scale that we have and that would give us the savings. So these are the two different parts. The second question...
Michael Lavery - CLSA Americas LLC: (38:34).
Georges El-Zoghbi - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Sorry, go ahead.
Michael Lavery - CLSA Americas LLC: And in total it's net savings, though, you're saying? So the savings more than offset the working increase?
Georges El-Zoghbi - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Yes. In total would be a net savings and will continue to be in the mid-single digits. So that's our advertising spend. The second part of your question on Kraft Kitchens; as you know, this is the largest website for downloading recipes, not just in the United States but in the world, and absolutely we're already in motion to include all the Heinz products. And we're doing more on that in terms of digital database that we capture from visitors to this site that we can start forming a primary database to use for our own marketing directly to the consumers.
Michael Lavery - CLSA Americas LLC: Thank you very much.
Georges El-Zoghbi - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Thank you. You're welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Growe of Stifel. Your line is now open.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hi. Good evening. I just had a question for you if I could, a bit of a follow-on to an earlier question in relation to the input cost inflation you see in 2016. I'm not sure if you can quantify that, but maybe could you just give an idea of the degree of pricing that will be required to offset that inflation. And do you expect PNOC globally to be a drag on the gross margin this year given that you're starting to take pricing up?
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hi, Chris. We give no guidance in terms of commodity inflation.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. So, can you talk at all about PNOC then in relation to the increase you have to take in some of the global markets, you mentioned there being some FX-induced cost inflation?
Georges El-Zoghbi - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Okay. This is George here. Let me take the PNOC as a follow-up from what I talked about earlier. We had a very good year from PNOC and the question was asked before about that and we believe this is sustainable. And the reason we believe it's sustainable because of the investments in our brand, the investments in innovation and the investments in renovation that we are making to be able to command premium to the product. So that will continue in the current year as well. And as you know, U.S. is the majority of the revenue of the worldwide market, so you'd expect a positive in this regard.
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - The Kraft Heinz Co.: I don't know if I could (41:17) I don't know if you asked about the FX, the inflation impact that we are seeing going forward, but we still think that we're going to face a similar type of headwind in FX in the next two quarters. We had around 6.5% headwind in the last quarter. 1/3 of this is coming from the Venezuelan devaluation we did at the end of second Q, and we expect to face the same type of impact at least during the first half of 2016.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Thank you for that additional color.
Georges El-Zoghbi - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Okay. Thank you, Chris.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow of Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hi. Thank you. Bernardo or George, I think a lot of people have tried to pin you down on sales trends and what to expect in 2016 and I know that you don't want to give us specific sales guidance. But this is a metric that you care about a lot in your executive comp. We have to try to figure out on our end how to think about sales, at least the pace of recovery. Can you give us any help, though, at all on, should the first half of 2016 look kind of similar to the back half of 2015? Is it going to be negative for a while and then progressively get back to flat? We just want to try to help your investors not be surprised if sales are going to be negative for an extended period.
Georges El-Zoghbi - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Thank you, Rob. This is George. Maintaining stable top line for 2016 is our priority. So this is where we're looking at in the full year and to do that we are ensuring that business stability as we go through the footprint, the launch of new product development successfully, realizing the benefits we promised. And as I said earlier when we were talking about the Q4, that, that separation between consumption and shipment is going to (43:36) significantly as we move forward, and our performance will be more so what we are selling. So we see an improvement in 2016. We don't give guidance about the top line but we are confident about maintaining a stable top line moving forward.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. That was very helpful. Thank you.
Georges El-Zoghbi - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Thank you, Rob.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of John Baumgartner of Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thank you for the question. I'd like to ask about your trade promotion efficiencies and your adjustments there. As you dig into that with your retailers, can you maybe summarize the tone of those conversations in terms of where you've encountered any sticking points, where there's been more pushback? And then any particular areas where both parties are seeing mutually beneficial opportunities, just maybe how those conversations are progressing?
Georges El-Zoghbi - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Thank you, John. I'm going to give you some color about what we do with trade promotion. What I won't be giving you is what we talk with the retailers about. I mean, this is something we do with our trade partners; we do not share publicly with the world. As far as trade promotions are going, we continuously evaluate all trade promotions based on the history and based what we did in return on investment. And like everyone else what we were trying, some promotions have a positive return on investments; other promotions have a negative returns on investment. So what we will try to do, we try to replicate more of the positive return on investment and take out and minimize the negative return on investment one. Of course, there is a negotiating effort that goes on with retailers. We always try to work in a mutually beneficial way to ensure we are growing the category and providing value to consumers, and that's what is important to both the retailers and ourselves.
John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Is that process proving to be a bit more volatile than you would have thought? Or is it more kind of a glide path, straight line adjustment that you're seeing?
Georges El-Zoghbi - The Kraft Heinz Co.: I've been doing this for 24 years, and it's the same anywhere in the world. I operate in a number of markets and this is like sport, contact sport anywhere in the world, so we do not, and it differs by category by category; differs by retailer, by geography, by personality, but that's what we get paid to do; that's our job and we believe we do it very well.
John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Great. Thank you, George.
Georges El-Zoghbi - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Thank you, John.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jason English of Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey. Good afternoon, folks. I want to pick up on that line of questioning around TBO or Trade Budget Optimization. First, can you comment about Europe a little bit more? You mentioned competitors maybe getting a little bit more aggressive and you haven't needed to respond. The way it sounded was actually potentially putting more trade money back in. Is that true? And secondly, what are the learnings that you have from the initiatives you deployed at Heinz on this front that you're applying to Kraft? Sort of what made you do differently based on that learning?
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hi, Jason, here is Bernardo. Let me comment on the European part of your question then we'll go to the lessons. I think when you see the fourth quarter, it's true we experienced a little more challenged environment in the market in Europe, and that's pretty much a push by really the soup segment in U.K. What we went through to really a lower level promotion and we experienced some problem in the distribution with some of our retail partners in U.K. and the fact that the infant category in Italy where you have a stable and growing market share but continued to decline at a fast pace. When you think about reacting to that and we're already seeing that reaction, it's not really only infusing more trade, that's your question, but actually getting the right level promotion with the positive returns and being with the right mechanism of trade was something George just mentioned in the question before, so we can have a win-win situation with our partners in U.K. and Europe. And I think there is a solid plan in place to really push Italy to a different level in 2016. So it's true that we experience more challenge than we faced in the fourth quarter in Europe, especially the U.K. situation I mentioned. It's also true that you continue to grow market share in that market except for soup, all right? So what we may see now in first quarter and especially moving forward from here is the fact that we're investing more but we're investing the right instruments with positive return. On the second part of your question about the lessons from Heinz and so, like I said before I think a lot of the agendas in Heinz that we push innovation, and go-to-market capabilities, higher media spend and so on, it took us almost a year when we started to push this agenda. And I think now given the  some knowledge we had before, the integration going well and a lot of other elements of the Kraft Heinz merger make us push this agenda in a faster pace. And there are some lessons from instruments (49:36) initiatives and other things on the SKU rationalization and footprint initiatives. And so that we learned the lessons to be applied here. I'm sure we're going to learn other lessons in this merger that will be applied some point in time, but that being said I believe we're doing things different in some cases and we're repeating also things that we believe have done well in the past.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you. That's helpful. One quick more question, then I'll pass it on. When you made the acquisition, you guys highlighted the opportunity for Kraft brands abroad and the ability to use the Heinz infrastructure. Can you update us on where you stand with actually acting against that opportunity?
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Yes. We continue to be quite optimistic about that. We always knew that 2016 would be the year to build the supply chain and infrastructure. What we did, I think was the right move. To select 10 countries in 4 segments that really want to push the agenda while trying to do everything at the same time everywhere, that wouldn't be effective. And now we should come to market already looking second half 2016 already with some of these initiatives. But we're definitely building the infrastructure and the supply chain to take advantage of our distribution and footprint internationally to land the Kraft brands in different markets around the world. So we're probably going to talk more about that as the quarters progress.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Good stuff. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard of Bernstein. Your line is now open.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Good evening, everyone.
Christopher M. Jakubik - Kraft Foods Group, Inc.: Good evening, Alexia.
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Good evening.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Can I hone in on Europe here? The legacy Heinz business in Europe, the margins have been up at 37%, 38% on an EBITDA basis for the last couple of quarters. I think that's up from low-20%-s at the start of all this. Am I right in thinking that a lot of that recent step-up that we saw this quarter and last quarter is reductions in promotion spending? That's I think what was the gist of the comments and that, that wouldn't be included in the $1.5 billion of cost saving within the P&L? And then the follow-up question is why couldn't margins in North America go to a similar level since we usually see margins higher in North America than in the European region? Thank you.
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Hi, Alexia. This is Paulo, and thanks for the question. I think in Europe, we have a very strong implementation, not only of the revenue management side and the SKU rationalization, as you comment, but also a very strong ZBB and also the footprint that we did there went really well. All of this helped to improve the margins of the country. Besides that, when you compare  so again the promotions activity  now the selection of the right promotions also helped with the margin increase there. When you compare Europe with other countries, I think each country and the footprint of categories that we have, the geographies and the brands that we have in different countries that does not allow us to kind of try to infer the same type of opportunity margin that we saw in Europe and other places. I think in Europe today we are in a stage that if we're going to get much more from sales growth than from margin increase in EBITDA.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Thank you very much. I'll pass it on.
Christopher M. Jakubik - Kraft Foods Group, Inc.: Great. If we could take one more question, please.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question comes from the line of David Driscoll of Citigroup. Your line is now open.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Great, thanks a lot and thanks for squeezing me in. I appreciate it. Can you talk about volume growth and the effect that it has on margins? Because I think from most of the companies that we talk to within the peer set, they always talk about wanting to see volumes up 1%, 2% or 3%, because of the incremental margins that they gain from the volume growth leverage through their manufacturing facilities. But with your fourth quarter and your full year volumes down heavily, yet your margins are up, is this a story of there's just so much unprofitable volume that you can eliminate first before we worry about volume declines negatively impacting margins? So there's a lot of room there for some discussion. Please do what you can to help us understand. Thank you.
Georges El-Zoghbi - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Yes, David, this is George. Thank you very much for your question. Our focus is on profitable growth. We repeated that a number of times, and we will have some categories where you'll see volume growth. And while we have other categories where you'll see a volume decline, overall, because of our size and the diverse businesses and categories we operate in, we will probably reflect what would go on in the marketplace. The focus on growing volume for us would be largely done through the following: one is renovating our product range. You have seen a lot of activity in this area in making, reformulating products to reflect the consumer trend. The second one, we are innovating and we are accelerating the rate of innovation both in center stores to bring back the traffic to that part of the stores and in the perimeter where we have two large businesses, the Cheese & Dairy and the Refrigerated Meats businesses, and now that the foodservice business have a very strong white space program, what I mean by that white space program is when we merged the two foodservices business units, we saw that our legacy businesses were not overlapping a lot, were actually complementary to each other. That presented us with a potential revenue synergy that we refer to as the white space. And we have a strong program for 2016 to do that.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Final follow-up for me is just, is there an Easter shift effect in the first quarter of 2016 that you could call out for us?
Georges El-Zoghbi - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Yes. So you know for those of us who've lived through a number of Easters, we know that period of time really well. Last year's Easter was not too far removed from Q1; as you remember it was early in April where most of the orders of last year's Easter went into Q1. However, if we see a one-day shift in ordering between one year and another year, that could be the difference that would be helpful to us this year. So it won't be a high magnitude, but it'll be a little bit helpful for us in Q1 compared to last year.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Thank you.
Georges El-Zoghbi - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Thank you very much, David.
Operator: Thank you. I'd now like to turn the conference back to Chris Jakubik for closing remarks.
Christopher M. Jakubik - Kraft Foods Group, Inc.: Thanks very much and thanks, everyone, for joining us today. For those in the media that have follow-up questions, Michael Mullen will be available to take your calls. And for analysts who have follow-up questions, Rishi Natarajan (57:22) and myself will be around. So, thanks very much and have a good evening.
Bernardo Vieira Hees - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Thank you.
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Thank you.
Georges El-Zoghbi - The Kraft Heinz Co.: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-11-06 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Christopher M. Jakubik - Vice President-Investor Relations, Kraft Foods Group, Inc. Bernardo Vieira Hees - Chief Executive Officer Georges El-Zoghbi - Chief Operating Officer Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Analysts: Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc. Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Jason M. English - Goldman Sachs & Co. Kenneth B. Goldman - J.P. Morgan Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley Pablo Zuanic - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Priya Joy Ohri-Gupta - Barclays Capital, Inc.
Operator: Good day. My name is Ben, and I will be your operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to The Kraft Heinz Company Third Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. I will now turn the call over to Chris Jakubik, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Jakubik, you may begin.
Christopher M. Jakubik - Vice President-Investor Relations, Kraft Foods Group, Inc.: Good afternoon, and thanks for joining our business update for the third quarter of 2015. With me today is Bernardo Hees, our Chief Executive Officer; Paulo Basilio, our Chief Financial Officer; and George Zoghbi, the Chief Operating Officer of our U.S. Commercial Business. During our remarks, we will make some forward-looking statements that are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ due to risks and uncertainties, and these are discussed in our press release. We'll also be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures during the call today. And you can find the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation within the earnings release we issued about an hour ago and in the Investor Center on our corporate website. Before we get started, as you know, the merger between Kraft and Heinz to form the Kraft Heinz Company was completed on July 2, 2015. And therefore, this is the first time we've provided a business update as a combined company. So today, Bernardo, George and Paulo are going to provide some perspective on how we intend to run our business more generally, in addition to covering Q3 results and recent business trends. After that, we will be available to take your questions. So let's turn to slide number two, and I'll hand it over to Bernardo.
Bernardo Vieira Hees - Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Chris, and good afternoon, everyone. It's my pleasure and my honor to be speaking to you as the CEO of The Kraft Heinz Company. Since this is our first call since the merger, I thought it would be good to start by sharing with you some highlights of our first 120 days as a combined company. After completing the merger on July 2, we moved quickly to establish our new leadership team and put in place a streamlined structure for our businesses in the U.S. and Canada Zones. Having done that early on, our integration work has remained right on track working on people, systems and process. We have been pleased with our ability to retain top talent, particularly front-of-house marketers in key Kraft categories. We have been impressed with how the legacy Kraft team has embraced change and this performance-driven culture. We are instituting new rituals and routines that represent the discipline, accountability and methodology for how we will operate as one of the world's premiere companies. This includes cascading core business practices that will continue to build our competitive advantage, like Zero Based Budgeting, revenue management and Management by Objectives. We are currently rolling out our Zero Based Budgeting or ZBB across the legacy Kraft commercial units and functions and it will be the basis for our 2016 planning process, worldwide. In revenue management, we are building an internal function from the ground up to support how we go to market across roughly 40 categories in North America. We are also now installing our third core business practice that we call Management by Objectives or MBOs with all legacy Kraft leaders as part of our integration efforts. MBO is an important language that clearly outlines measurable expectations, goals and deliverables for all our Kraft Heinz leaders. It connects our employees around the world through our goals that cascade down directly from me to my leadership team and then throughout the organization. On our merger announcement call in March, I mentioned that we had implemented our MBO process with individual performance targets for over 3,000 people of white collar employees at Heinz. As we finalize our plans for 2016, approximately 5,200 of our employees will have specific, individualized MBOs in place. Collectively, Zero Based Budgeting, revenue management, and Management by Objectives are systematic tools that we use to run our daily operations. Another important accomplishment during our first 120 days was the completion of an extensive review of our combined, North American supply chain and manufacturing footprint, capabilities and capacity utilization. The actions under the resulting plan will take us up two years to be complete, but will make us more globally competitive and accelerate our future growth. We will talk about that more in details in a moment. We're also pleased with the fact that we've been able to maintain base business momentum as we institute significant change throughout the organization. Obviously, our reported numbers have been significantly impacted by currency headwinds all year. Excluding currency, both our top line and our bottom line drivers have been consistent year-to-date throughout the third quarter. Our top line results have been mixed. On the positive side, we have had much success with the Big Bets and innovations such as Lunchables, P3 and Heinz yellow mustard. Investments we have made in ketchup and pasta sauce are driving solid consumption gains in the markets where we compete. Our sauces business in Asia Pacific is doing well and we're benefiting greatly in Europe from an improved product mix and higher investment in marketing behind our brands. At the same time, our challenges have continued in certain categories like ready-to-drink beverage and dinners in United States and frozen meals in a number of world markets that has held back our growth. So more work needs to be done. On the pricing front, we have had net pricing gains in all geographies and our pricing net of commodities helped drive profit growth in both the quarter and the year-to-date. And last, but not least, the productivity and restructuring initiatives that both Kraft and Heinz put in place prior to the merger have been driving our bottom line all year. We also started to see the beginning of some integration savings in Q3. That's our 120 day update. Before I hand it over to George and Paulo to get more into the details of our third quarter results, I think it's important to talk about where are we going. If you are tuning into our call today, I think you certainly know who Kraft Heinz is. From our diverse portfolio of sauces, cheese, meals, meats and beverage to our extensive, global footprint with dedicated Kraft Heinz employees in over 45 countries and, most importantly, our loved brands, eight $1 billion-plus brands, five brands between $500 million and $1 billion in sales, and many, many $100 million-plus brands spread across a broad range of categories and geographies. But that doesn't really tell you what Kraft Heinz is all about. Where are we going and how we intend to get there? It all begins with our vision, to be the best food company, growing a better world. It's an ambitious statement that guides our long-term objectives. It serves as the foundation for building our business. Our vision speaks to our focus on transforming the industry on becoming the most profitable food company that's powered by the industry's top talent, igniting top line growth. It means that our products are the best quality, that we have the leading brands in all the categories in which we compete, that we can serve our customers and consumers to their highest expectations. The second part of our vision underscore our focus on growth. Make no mistake, we are committed to growing our great brands by accelerating Big Bet innovations, investing more in working media and building aggressive sales teams. But, we are also committed to being a good corporate citizen and focus on the sustainable health of our business, from our supply chain and package to our philanthropic and community investments. Globally, we have a singular commitment to fighting hunger through our signature effort, The Kraft Heinz Micronutrient Campaign, which provides and distributes vitamin and mineral powders to children in poor countries. Our vision outlines a path for future achievements and powers our plans for continued profitable growth. So, how will we get there? How will we create value? Our strategy is based on three objectives; profitable sales growth, best-in-class margins, and a superior return of capital as an investment grade company. Let me speak to each, starting with profitable sales growth. We are a sales organization and, as we have said before, we believe there are multiple avenues for sales growth ahead of us by focusing on four pillars: first, innovation, fewer, bigger, and bolder, that's what we call the Big Bets innovation; second, by having high investment in working media dollars; third, to leverage the scale of our go-to-market capabilities by building aggressive sales team; and finally, by taking Kraft brands global over time. Through those four pillars, we will invest intelligently in our business to support innovation that responds to customer needs, marketing that supports the health of our brands, and product launch in the new markets to expand our global presence. We also will drive profitable growth through revenue management, which is all about optimizing price pack architecture and promotion strategy and improving the ROI on trade execution. Across all these efforts, we will rigorously measure the return on our investments and deploy capital in a disciplined manner. Our second objective is to achieve and maintain best-in-class margins. Two of the main drivers here will be Zero Based Budgeting and making our manufacturing and distribution footprint more efficient. And we have already made significant progress in each of those areas. Zero Based Budgeting, or ZBB, is a systematic approach, not a one-time event. It's all about ownership and doing more with less. It drives accountability and encourages our employees to treat company dollars as if they are their own. And as far as our manufacturing and distribution footprint, as I mentioned, after an extensive review of our combined capabilities, yesterday we announced the difficult decision to close seven manufacturing facilities and several distribution centers in North America. In doing so, we will eliminate excess capacity and reduce operational redundancies for the new combined company. We will also invest heavily in modernizing many of our facilities with the installation of state-of-the-art production lines, and this will facilitate further product quality improvements and innovation. Our third objective is a superior return of capital as an investment grade company. This includes our commitment to maintain the existing dividend policy and Paulo will speak to the actions we are taking on that front a bit later. Now, the path to creating more value at Kraft Heinz begins with executing a fast, seamless integration in our biggest commercial business, the United States. So it's my pleasure to ask my partner George to provide some on-the-ground color on how we're doing this, while still serving our consumers and our customers.
Georges El-Zoghbi - Chief Operating Officer: Thank you, Bernardo, and good afternoon, everyone. To build on Bernardo's comments, what we've been most encouraged by and, in fact, most impressed with to date, is the speed at which our people have integrated our commercial organization. Let me give you some statistics on what our team has been able to achieve since the merger closed. By day one, we had the leadership team of the U.S. business appointed. By day 12, we had the top 67 leaders in place. On August 14, 5 weeks from closing, we stood up the commercial organization with all our sales, marketing, R&D, innovation and commercial teams in place. And by the end of September, we had business processes in place. Along the way, we've made a good number of promotions from within. Our new rituals and routines are already operational in areas such as sales and within our Monthly Performance Reviews in our U.S. commercial units. We've taken a best-of-both approach, with ongoing improvements as we harmonize trading terms and develop joint business plans with our retail customers. And, importantly, we are well positioned as we look forward to 2016. Our innovation pipeline is ready to be launched and we'll talk more about that in the coming months. And we expect to continue the progress we've been making in shifting our advertising spend from non-working to working media. Now, this may all sounds good and we do feel good about where we are at. But I also understand that the numbers show several challenges. During the third quarter in the U.S., while we didn't see anything fall off through the integration, our base business trends remained mixed. Overall, our market share in the United States has been stable with some increases and declines despite the changes we went through. And across our top 20 or so categories, our share is up or flat in roughly two-thirds of those categories. From a consumption perspective, the bars on the right of the slide show that our U.S. retail business grew in both Q3 and year-to-date. But what I am most encouraged by is the fact that our base or non-promoted sales are up strongly. The investments we've made in Heinz ketchup, Classico pasta sauce, Oscar Mayer Selects Natural cold cuts, Philadelphia cream cheese, coffee and Bagel Bites are driving our solid consumption gains. On the innovation front, we're seeing some encouraging momentum. Earlier this year, we made a Big Bet around Heinz Yellow Mustard. The result was a significant disruption to the mustard category in both the United States and Canada. We were able to achieve high single-digit market share in just four months, an unprecedented short amount of time. Lunchables Uploaded and our P3 portable snack innovations are also growing strongly into their second years on the market. But in large part, this has been offset by lower volumes from ongoing challenges we've had in our Capri Sun ready-to-drink beverages, boxed dinners including mac & cheese and our Smart Ones frozen meals. These are turnaround opportunities for us and I look forward to updating you in the coming months on our plans. From a profitability perspective, I would note two things. One is that our ability to maintain pricing consistent with our costs has held up in what has been a high pressure, deflationary environment in some of our key categories. And we feel very good about that. Two is that the cost savings and productivity programs that were in place in the U.S. prior to the merger were all executed and delivered as planned. So overall, a good start for our team in the United States and we know where our opportunities to improve reside. But let me turn it over to Paulo to walk through the numbers in more detail.
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thank you, George. Before I get into our third Q results and the numbers, I'd like to spend some time on slide six, discussing our non-GAAP financial metrics. These three measures are what we use to evaluate our performance versus our internal plans, and what we will report out to you on a quarterly basis. The first one is organic net sales growth and, similar to most companies, we simply exclude the impact of currency, acquisitions and divestitures. The second is adjusted EBITDA. Our adjusted EBITDA figures exclude the impact of: integration and restructuring costs, merger-related costs, stock-based comp, unrealized gains and losses on commodity hedges, impairments, gains or losses on the sale of businesses, and nonmonetary currency devaluations, such as in Venezuela, which we recognized in the second Q this year. The third measure is adjusted earnings per share. Similar to adjusted EBITDA, for adjusted EPS, we exclude the impact of: integration and restructuring costs, merger-related costs, unrealized gains and losses on commodity hedges, impairments, gains and losses on the sale of business, and nonmonetary currency devaluations. So we adjust EPS in much the same way we adjust EBITDA, except that we do not back out the impact of stock-based compensation for adjusted EPS. Now, a number of you have asked us about, and may be surprised by, the fact that we are not backing out the impact of purchase accounting from our adjusted EPS figures. The reason we are not backing out the impact of purchase accounting is that the incremental, non-cash step-up in costs due to purchase accounting will largely be offset by incremental, non-cash favorability flowing through our income statement going forward. Beginning in Q4, we expect to see a stepped-up benefit from the amortization of prior service credits under our postretirement benefit plans due to plan changes. To give you some numbers, the amortization of prior service credits amounted to $28 million in Q3, driven by one month of amortization related to these plan changes. Q4 this year, and every quarter thereafter for the next several years, will reflect three months of amortization at the same rate, or roughly $325 million annually. So with that out of the way, let's turn to our Q3 results, starting with total company results on slide seven. As you might have seen in this afternoon's earnings release, our GAAP, or reported, third quarter results are a bit disjoint due to a number of factors, including the fact that there were five calendar days of pre-merger Heinz results, while during the rest of the quarter we operated as a combined Kraft Heinz business. So to keep things simple, my comments today will focus on our pro forma, non-GAAP results. On that basis, for the total company in Q3, we saw mixed top line results, down 9% due to a 7 percentage point currency headwind, while positive net pricing was offset by lower volume/mix. In terms of pricing, a 70 basis point net pricing increase reflected two factors. One, net pricing gains in all geographies, including pricing to address higher local input costs in Europe and developing markets that more than offset a negative impact of approximately 1.5 percentage points related to lower net commodity costs across our Big 4 commodities: dairy, meats, coffee, and nuts, in the U.S. and Canada. Volume/mix declined 2.7% as solid growth in Rest of World segment was offset by lower volumes in ready-to-drink beverage, foodservice, cheese and boxed dinners in the United States and Canada. Adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EPS were both down due to an 8.2 percentage point currency headwind at the EBITDA level. However, on a constant currency basis, adjusted EBITDA was up 4.8% and adjusted EPS would have been up in the mid single-digit range as well. This reflected ongoing savings from pre-merger restructuring and productivity initiatives at both Kraft and Heinz, and the beginning of integration savings; two, favorable pricing net of commodity costs; and as well as solid volume/mix gains in Europe and Asia Pacific. Adjusted EPS also faced an additional headwind in the form of a higher effective tax rate. The effective tax rate was roughly 30% in Q3 2015 versus roughly 25% in Q3 last year, when we had favorability from some discrete tax items on the Kraft side. As we move forward, we would expect to see integration-related savings taking on a bigger role and, as I mentioned earlier, we should begin to see the benefit of stepped-up amortization of prior service credits under our postretirement benefit plans coming through beginning in Q4. That's the total company. Now let me provide some color on the results and state of business in our four reporting segments: the United States, Canada, Europe and Rest of World. In the U.S., we've been focused these past few months on executing a smooth business integration while minimizing disruption, as George talked about. You can see on slide eight that, in Q3, organic net sales declined 3.7% as gains from pricing were more than offset by a decline in volume/mix versus the prior-year period. On the pricing front, while net pricing in the U.S. was up only 20 basis points, this included a negative impact of approximately 2 percentage points related to lower commodity costs in our Big 4 commodities, primarily dairy and coffee. The volume/mix declines were primarily driven by lower volume in three areas: ready-to-drink beverages, where we've reformulated Capri Sun in an effort to reverse consumption declines, but had to raise prices by about 25% to offset the higher costs of enhanced product quality; boxed dinners, where both consumer takeaway and our level of promotional activity were lower than the prior year; and foodservice, where our shipments were lower from some lost bids at a couple of key customers. Unfortunately, these factors offset some significant gains from product innovation in Lunchables, P3, coffee and cream cheese, as well as some trend-bending in growth and market share that we're seeing from investments we've made in ketchup, mustard and pasta sauce. Pro forma adjusted EBITDA in the U.S. grew 1.4%, driven by a combination of favorable pricing net of costs, lower manufacturing costs and lower overheads. And these gains more than offset the impacts of unfavorable volume/mix as well as higher marketing expenses and significantly higher bonus accruals versus Q3 last year. On slide 9:, in Canada, our focus on executing a smooth integration has been much the same as the U.S., only that our team north-of-the-border has also been dealing with the pressure of higher local input costs in many of their categories. Organic net sales declined 2.6% versus the prior year, driven by a 5.2 percentage point decline in volume/mix that was partially offset by a 2.6 percentage point increase from net pricing. Positive net pricing reflected price increases to offset higher local input costs, particularly in coffee. But I would point out that total net pricing also included a negative impact of approximately 1 percentage point related to lower commodity costs in our Big 4 commodities, mainly dairy. The volume/mix declines were driven by lower shipments in foodservice as well as the volume pressure caused by price increases in coffee. And these factors more than offset solid growth in pasta sauces and mustard. Canada's adjusted EBITDA in constant currency was down 2.4%, as unfavorable volume/mix and negative pricing net of higher local input costs, more than offset gains from pre-merger restructuring and productivity efforts as well as the start of integration savings. But pricing net of higher local input costs and the volume/mix decline held back Q3 profit growth in the quarter. Turning to Europe on slide 10, in Europe, our team has been focused on two fronts: executing line extensions and premiumization to drive better volume and mix performance; and driving increased efficiencies throughout our business, everything from package size harmonization to right-sizing our footprint. And efforts on both these fronts have really been paying off. Organic net sales grew 0.5 point, driven by a combination of higher net pricing and positive volume/mix. Gains in net pricing reflected a reduction in inefficient promotional spending in our UK beans business and strategic pricing in ketchup across a number of markets. That was partially offset by higher promotional spending to reinvigorate consumption in mayonnaise. Positive volume/mix was driven by ketchup and pasta sauce growth across Europe that more than offset volume declines in infant nutrition in Italy and soup in UK. This healthy top line growth was supported by a double digit increase in marketing investments to support our brands. In the end, improved product mix, along with manufacturing and overhead cost savings, combined to deliver constant-currency adjusted EBITDA growth of over 20%. Finally is Rest of World, on slide 11, which includes our operations in three regions: Asia Pacific, Latin America and Russia, India, Middle East, and Africa, or what we call RIMEA. Here, we are focused on profitable top line growth and adapting to local consumer trends and dynamic marketplaces in fast growing emerging markets. In the near term, however, foreign exchange trends have been, and will likely continue to be, a challenge as we pass through pricing to offset higher local input costs. In the third quarter, organic net sales grew 7%, driven by a 4% volume/mix gain, as well as roughly 3 points of net pricing. Net pricing growth was primarily driven by price increases to offset higher local costs in our RIMEA region. Volume/mix growth was driven by strength in ABC sauces in Asia, beverages in Indonesia related to Ramadan, frozen potato gains in Mexico, and solid ketchup growth in most regions. These gains were partially offset by volume/mix declines in our Complan nutritional beverages business in India as well as Quero pasta sauces in Brazil, where we've been experiencing some recent supply chain disruption. Rest of World adjusted EBITDA declined 29% versus the prior year due to a 43.7 percentage point negative impact from currency and approximately 25 percentage points of currency impact was due to the Venezuelan devaluation that we recognized in Q2 that we are seeing the effects of beginning in this third quarter. On a constant currency basis, our Rest of World adjusted EBITDA was up 14.3%, driven primarily by gains from cost savings initiatives. Before I hand it back to Bernardo to close out, I wanted to provide you with an update on synergies and our capital structure. I'll start with synergies on slide 12. Overall, we remain on track. The best way to frame how we think about our opportunity here is to think about our savings coming from three areas: organizational structure, overhead savings, and manufacturing footprint. Org structure savings tend to come earlier than other areas and are really an enabler to getting after the broader cost savings opportunity. Overhead savings are non-people-related and really driven by our ZBB system. The third piece, manufacturing footprint, tends to take the longest, as there is literally a lot of heavy lifting involved. To-date, we have announced two major cost savings actions. In August, we made the difficult, but necessary, decision to develop a new, streamlined structure for our businesses in the U.S. and Canada Zones. This resulted in the reduction of 2,500 salaried and contractor positions across the U.S. and Canada and will represent the bulk of our org structure savings. And yesterday, as Bernardo talked about, we announced the consolidation of our manufacturing across the Kraft Heinz North American supply chain network. This critical step in our integration plan will take up to two years to complete. It will eliminate excess capacity and reduce operational redundancies, making us more competitive and improving our ability to drive profitable growth for many years to come. On the numbers side, we remain confident in our ability to deliver against our initial financial expectations for the merger. This includes our aggressive cost savings target of $1.5 billion, which we now expect to deliver fully in 2017. And, as we've validated and updated our plans, the cash cost to achieve those savings is consistent with our initial expectations, consisting of approximately $1.1 billion of upfront cash costs and roughly $1.1 billion of CapEx for footprint optimization over the next few years. Turning to slide 13, I am also pleased to share with you today that Kraft Heinz Board of Directors declared a dividend of $0.575 per common share. That's a 4.5% increase versus the prior $0.55 per share and consistent with Kraft's historical practice and the commitment we made at the time of the merger announcement to grow our dividend-per-share over time. We are excited to offer this increase so soon after the merger and we'll continue to remain focused on delivering long-term shareholder value. Importantly, we remain confident that we'll be able to maintain our policy over time, while at the same time remaining an investment-grade company and delivering against our goal to reduce leverage to less than 3 times adjusted EBITDA over the medium term. I'll now turn it back to Bernardo to wrap up our discussion.
Bernardo Vieira Hees - Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Paulo and George. This is an exciting and challenging time for The Kraft Heinz Company. We have established our new leadership team throughout our organization to drive the next stage of the company's growth. We are firmly focused on finishing strong in 2015 and powering ahead towards 2016. Our integration efforts are going well and we have laid our plans throughout 2017. We are working hard to empower our teams and to increase the speed of the decision-making process. It is core to creating our culture of ownership, an environment where checks and balances happen routinely, and meritocracy can flourish as our backbone. For 2016, we're pushing a big agenda around innovation and sales and our efficiency savings will create an even bigger opportunity to invest in our people, our brands, and our products. Thank you for joining us today. Now, we'd be happy to take your questions.
Operator: Our first question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar of Barclays. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Good evening, everybody. Two questions if I could. First, George, you mentioned how oil pricing is holding up in some key U.S. categories despite high pressure deflation as you called it. Can you expand on this a bit more and maybe compare it to the last time you faced this sort of deflation?
Georges El-Zoghbi - Chief Operating Officer: Thank you, Andrew. And, yes, we feel good about our pricing this time and the way our brands are behaving. As you know, last time we spoke about this, we were building our brand equity particularly in the refrigerated area and where we are now is very different from where we were and the brand equity has gotten a lot stronger and enabled us to do so. So not only are we seeing our ability to hold prices but even gaining market share in three out of the four cheese categories and in the cold cuts business in meat.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Thank you for that. And then, second, Bernardo, you may have mentioned previously that you don't expect the extent of SKU rationalization at the Kraft portfolio compared to what you have done on the Heinz portfolio over the past two years or so. And maybe that's one of the reasons why sales at Kraft are not likely, as expected, to be as negatively impacted as we saw at Heinz. Is that still the case based on what you've seen or you've lived with these businesses for a little bit? Does that thought process still hold? Or is there more to do with Kraft than maybe you have thought initially? Thank you.
Bernardo Vieira Hees - Chief Executive Officer: Thank you Andrew. You're correct. As we get to know more, and now I can say, we have a very good understanding of the business and are already operating as Kraft Heinz. I think your assessment is right. We have a name to grow, and that's a big pillar of the company. But to be on, what you call, the profitable growth, to have profitable sales and in this case, we're going to have some SKU rationalization and we are going through the process as we work the revenue management business initiatives that I have said before. But you are right to say that's not in the magnitude that's what happened in the legacy Heinz over two years ago.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane of Bank of America. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Hi. Good evening everyone. I just had two questions. The first, could you talk a little bit about interest expense? I think in the quarter the GAAP interest expense is a lot higher than I think most of us were modeling. So I don't know if there's some one-time items in there. And maybe some clarity now that you've got at least the interim financing, how we should be thinking about interest expense going forward and then I have a follow up.
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Hi, Bryan. This is Paulo. That's right. In the GAAP finance, the number that you see interest expense, there are some one-offs. They are related to the merger. So I think the easy way to think about our interest expense is that we have currently around $25 billion of gross debt, and our average interest rate is around the low 4%. So there's the simple way to do that. So when we file our Q you're going to have all the details about our debt and the cost for each of the tranche that we have.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you. That's helpful. And then, on slide 12, there was on the last bullet, you talk about the cost savings target of $1.5 billion by 2017. And then, $1.9 billion of it is pre-tax. So I just wanted to make sure that we're talking about  those two numbers match, meaning above the pre-tax income line, it's $1.9 billion savings. And then, the net effect is $1.5 billion at net income. Is that the way to think about it?
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: No. So if you think about all the integration costs, the integration piece of the process here, we are very comfortable with the initial financial expectations we have. So pretty much think about this $1.5 billion as the operational savings, net of inflation. So it would appear in EBITDA of 2017. So that's the way that we think. Another thing is that this is the $1.5 billion synergy savings that we see. In terms of the costs to achieve that, we're seeing that again is already  it is also in line with what we expected before that there are around $2.2 billion of cash cost to achieve. In this cash cost, we have everything. We have the CapEx for footprint that is half of this and we have other upfront expenses that we have, to have all the restructuring programs that we are running in the company today. When you think about the overall integration process and the integration financial expectations that we had initially in the merger call, we are pretty much in line with both of that in terms of having the same view about the $1.5 billion synergies. And we have also the EPS accretion that we are expecting for 2017. So both the financial expectations we had initially, we are still comfortable with them.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you.
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jason English of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Jason M. English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey, good afternoon, folks. Thank you for the question. I have another question on productivity. Paulo, I think you said $1.5 billion to be delivered fully in 2017. At the same time, you said you got a fair amount of manufacturing work that will take around two years to complete, suggesting it won't be complete until late 2017. So, first, did I hear that right? And if so, are you suggesting once you complete the manufacturing work, there's going to be incremental savings over and above the $1.5 billion?
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yes. Hi, Jason. Now when we think about the $1.5 billion, so first, you're right. We are believing that we are seeing that we are going to deliver the $1.5 billion synergies in 2017. So it's your first question. And we really believe that the majority  this is the bulk of saves [sic] savings (46:27) that we're seeing for this program that we are running now. We should have some carryover for the following year, yes, but I think the bulk of the savings is now going to be $1.5 billion in 2017.
Jason M. English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. And that's sort of hard cost, love to comment on some softer costs. You mentioned your ability to pull out ineffective promotional spend in the UK. I think it was referencing Heinz beans. As you look at the rather large tray budget in promotional spend for Kraft, have you identified opportunity to do something similar? And if so, what do you think the magnitude may be?
Georges El-Zoghbi - Chief Operating Officer: Jason, this is George here. I will take this question. For the next couple of years we are focusing on revenue management rather than just trade promotion, which will include price-pack architecture and looking at return on investment in promotion. Then we will make a decision what we do with that savings, whether to invest it in better-returning promotion and grow the top line and bottom line, or drop it to the bottom line. Once we complete that analysis, we'll be in a better position to share that with you.
Jason M. English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Thanks. Look forward to hearing more. I'll pass it on.
Georges El-Zoghbi - Chief Operating Officer: Thank you.
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thank you, Jason.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ken Goldman of J.P. Morgan. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Kenneth B. Goldman - J.P. Morgan: Hi. Good afternoon, everyone. You said a couple of times that some of the activities you're taking will take two years to complete. It seemed to be an emphasis. So two questions on that. One is the implication or is the message that we should be modeling most of that $1.5 billion in savings a little bit later than earlier? That's question one. And then question two is and maybe I'm reading way too much into this, but is the other implication there that you're unlikely to make a large, complex acquisition until that process is done. I'm just curious why you were sort of emphasizing that and whether there's anything really to read into either of those?
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: No. When you think about the ramp-up of the savings, Ken, there will be some ramp-up of the savings. Again, when you think about the savings, it is always thinking three buckets, right? We have the organization savings; we have the ZBB savings; we have the footprint savings. So the first two, they come first. The footprint is the one that takes longer. So if you think about the view that we have today for how this savings is going to flow through our P&L, we are seeing this, the $1.5 billion full in 2017. So this is for your first question. Of course, they will ramp up as they do start to happen, the footprint piece, according to (49:20) in 2016 and the beginning of 2017. When you go to our second question related to our M&A ability and activities during this period of time, for sure, we have our plate full during the period of this complex integration. We don't use to comment about M&A strategy or hypotheticals in this case. But, for sure, we will be evaluating any type of opportunity that appears for the company that makes sense for the value and do create value for the company.
Kenneth B. Goldman - J.P. Morgan: Very helpful. Thank you.
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Chris Growe of Stifel Nicolaus. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hi. Good evening. I just had two questions as well if I could. I want to ask first if I could just  as you implement a program like ZBB, and we're learning more and more about that through Heinz and through other companies of running the program as well. Given that Kraft had had an already low overhead level, is there more or less opportunity that you see at Kraft for implementing ZBB, more or less say in relation to where Heinz is today? Do you see much improvement in Kraft's overhead level from ZBB?
Bernardo Vieira Hees - Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Chris. It's Bernardo. The way we like to think ZBB, to be honest, is much less as a one-time event and much more as a systematic approach of doing business. It's really fighting for the penny in the terms of capturing all the opportunities that allows us to be in a position that you can reinvest more behind working dollars, behind our people, behind our products, behind our brands and so on. So it's not only a program, but it is really a business tool that we apply in different ways. And in that sense, you're right to say that the level Kraft already had achieved was positive within the industry. But we are finding significant opportunities, like Paulo described already embedded in the $1.5 billion. And we're also learning things from the legacy Kraft side that you're applying on the Heinz side. Just to give you an example, Kraft used to have a bag of media buy structure and costs that hurt Heinz and then they elaborated the other way around in that sense. So it's a two way, if you want to think about this. But it is true there are significant opportunities. And as we materialize then allowed us to be in a position to invest for growth. And that's idea that myself, George and the entire team here will be pushing this agenda.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Thank you. Good color. And maybe a quick question for George in relation to the U.S. to see your sales down, call it, 4% for the quarter. In relation to consumption that was much better than that, as you showed, and our data certainly shows as well. Are there unique factors weighing on reported sales this quarter that we're not picking up in the measured channel data?
Georges El-Zoghbi - Chief Operating Officer: Yeah. Thank you, Chris. You probably touched on it yourself. Two things that differentiate shipment from consumption. Number one, there are changes between quarter relate on where the promotions fall and when we ship the product to the customers' DC. And that will adjust itself over time. That's not a big thing. Then you have channels that are not tracked by scanned sales, most importantly the foodservice channels. So in the foodservice channel, we have two things going on. Number one we have a large number of contracts, particularly in the large commodity segments that are based on what we call mark-to-market. And in a deflationary market of dairy and meat, you just change the price automatically, and in a deflationary market you see a pressure on the top line. And two, both legacy companies in the foodservice business lost a couple of large accounts prior to the merger, and we are nearing the tail of that. And we see the overlap to a better comp coming in future quarters.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Thank you for the time.
Georges El-Zoghbi - Chief Operating Officer: Thanks, Chris.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Matthew Grainger of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley: Hi. Good evening, everyone. Thanks for the questions. I had two questions. First, could you talk a bit more about the broader promotional environment in the U.S.? We've seen a fairly widespread decline in merchandising depth and I guess retail merchandising opportunities across the industry this year. And given that retailers are demanding more contributions from the industry, many of your competitors have become more gross margin focused as well. Is this setting up as an environment where it's, in a way, easier for you to realize the kinds of trade spend optimization efficiencies that you're going to be targeting over the next year?
Georges El-Zoghbi - Chief Operating Officer: Thank you, Matthew, about the question. Let me separate it into two. One is we talked a lot in the past about the return on promotions. And that return on promotions in general in the industry comes under pressure. But two, we are seeing the merchandising levels widely in the retail coming down. But that's not what we are focusing on. We're more focusing on return on investment by categories and mainly price-pack architectures and pricing, both on an everyday and on an ad hoc by category what we want to achieve. So we believe, in the future, we will see better implementation of promotional activities based on better return on investment. And that's what we are putting our resources in and where we're making our investment.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Thank you, George. That's helpful.
Georges El-Zoghbi - Chief Operating Officer: Thank you, Matt.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley: And just second question for Bernardo, I suppose. In the past, you've talked about a willingness to take a look at the entire portfolio and assess whether given brands and categories offer you the potential for profitable growth. And today, you talked about a few categories, like frozen and ready-to-drink beverages, that have been consistent headwinds. I know you consider these turnaround opportunities. And for now, you're investing, but is there still a willingness there to assess the relevance of those products in the portfolio over the next year or two?
Bernardo Vieira Hees - Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Matt. Thanks for the question. Look, we're always evaluating our portfolio on a broader basis. You're right to say that in the past, we looked different in some segments against others and we're going to do the same. I think right now, our focus really is really consolidating integration. It's a lot of work that's coming through, and we are very pleased with the steps that are happening now within the company already working as Kraft Heinz, and so we're unified in operations, in sales, in our go-to-market. We're going through a huge system integration and a lot of different efforts. What does it mean in the future? We can always evaluate the portfolio with pros and cons and take significant steps, but I don't think that now is the appropriate time to do that and the time will come for us to have a better knowledge and to have a better understanding to take the right steps. That being said, we know very well, like George already pointed out, and Paulo also mentioned, the segment, the innovation in the places we're going to be betting more of our money that we can push for an agenda of growth.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Great. Thank you, again, everyone.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Pablo Zuanic of Susquehanna. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Pablo Zuanic - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Yes. Good afternoon, everyone. To assess your performance so far obviously, I think, for us, it's easier to look at the hindsight on Kraft, Kraft, you've just started there. And if I look at international piece, which obviously mostly is just Heinz, I'm very impressed with your 160 bps (58:05) of margin expansion in Europe and more than 500 in the first half. So, I guess, that gives us an idea of what to expect in the other places. But there's three questions here. One, it would be great if you could tell us what was your margin expansion in Europe in 2014? Last night in the 8-K, you only gave us the first half of 2015. That will be very useful again, to understand the visibility of what you're actually doing. The second question would be that type of margin expansion in Europe, it's even more impressive when you think that that was already your highest margin division and it's a very tough retail environment there and also a tougher regulatory environment from the cost-cutting perspective compared to the U.S? So if you can comment on that. And then three, just give us more color in terms of what you found and what allowed you to pull that type of margin expansion in Europe. All of my questions are about Europe because I assume that that's the best proof of what you are doing, what you've done at Heinz and, I guess, we can think of what you would do in North America. Thanks.
Bernardo Vieira Hees - Chief Executive Officer: Thanks for the question. Addressing Europe from the business side before passing to Paolo here, who can get into more details on the margin expansion and so on, I think you are right to say that's a cycle that's playing out in Europe and we actually pretend to expand in that sense, but if you see what's happening in Europe that's innovation, an aggressive go-to-market, and higher working dollars investment that are pushing the growth. But we went through also restructuring on the portfolio and on the sales in the last couple of years to get us the base and the results to allow us to invest big on the segments and products and ideas that we really thought could be winning the marketplace. And what's happening right now, if you see, is really the working dollars increasing in Europe. That will continue and you're going to see more investment in Europe. So, in a sense, it's coming to a point that now we're investing more and you're going to see our non-extension (1:00:30) of margin in that sense but more sales coming through more investment in a retail environment that you are right also to say that is extremely challenging. But in order to be in that position, first of all, we need to have the Big Bets ideas on innovation. But I think our pipeline, not only in Europe but also in United States, Canada and other places are quite robust, what make me optimistic when I see 2017, 2018 and beyond. And we need to be in a position of efficiency that you say, hey, that is a right plateau you need to have so you can come and invest big to win not only on the sales piece, but expanding segments and product line within the environment we are facing in Europe. So commercially, you can expect more investment in marketing and selling in Europe as we continue to expand our product line in the region. Paulo, do you want to comment on the margin?
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Oh, yeah. If think about Europe, if I understood correctly, Europe business in 2014, nine months would be around 30ish% in terms of margin. But I think that Chris and Rishi can help you to go through the details based on our filings later.
Pablo Zuanic - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Yeah. I mean, I don't want to cease on the point. I mean, you gave us a number last night, it's 30.2% in Europe. I'm just asking what was not given. What was your margin expansion in Europe in 2014? Is that something you have over the top of your head, or was it really just flat margins in 2014 in Europe?
Georges El-Zoghbi - Chief Operating Officer: Yeah, Pablo, we'll come back to you on it, because you really have to look at the historical Heinz filings, right?
Pablo Zuanic - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Okay. All right.
Georges El-Zoghbi - Chief Operating Officer: So we'll come back to you on it.
Pablo Zuanic - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Okay. Can I ask one very last one? In terms of coffee K-Cups, you talked about you're looking at your portfolio and, of course, you cannot comment on what you may or may not do in the future. But specifically, in the case of K-Cups, the agreement (1:02:27) the ideas is that they're willing to be co-packing for you. You're willing to move your lines to that company, but you haven't moved those lines. So is there a plan for you to continue to start manufacturing K-Cups on your own?
Georges El-Zoghbi - Chief Operating Officer: Pablo, thank you. This is George. I'll take this question. First, you are right. I can't comment on the details of the commercial agreements between us and other organization. But what I can say, we are very happy with the coffee category. We have been growing shares steadily in the last four weeks, in the last 13 weeks, and the last 52 weeks. On all fronts, we have been able to grow share. And the business in the K-Cups has been very, very healthy, a main driver to share and it will continue to be a main driver of growth for us in this category. But unfortunately, I can't give you the details of the agreement between us and other organization.
Pablo Zuanic - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Understood. Thank you.
Georges El-Zoghbi - Chief Operating Officer: Thank you.
Bernardo Vieira Hees - Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Driscoll of Citigroup. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Great. Thank you. And good evening, everyone. Would just like to start off with just a question about the quarter. Since it's our first time with the combined company, did you hit your internal objectives for the quarter? And just to note that consensus was out there on EPS at like $0.62, versus the $0.44 you report, EBITDA at $1.6 billion versus the $1.27 billion. I'm just wondering if the consensus just didn't have this run rate at all. But did you guys hit the numbers that you thought you would hit in this quarter?
Bernardo Vieira Hees - Chief Executive Officer: Hi, David, this is Bernardo. I'm not going to comment on the numbers of the market, or consensus, or the projections within the Street. What I can tell you, from an integration standpoint and from a business perspective, as we already point out in the beginning during the presentation, we are very pleased with the progress of the business and very optimistic about the prospective what we can build here together. So to answer your question would be yes, we are. That being said, there's a lot of moving pieces. Those are two very big companies that are pulling together in a very fast pace, already operating as one in the marketplace. What George, his team on the commercial side and the entire company from Paulo and entire leadership here is really putting a lot of efforts for us to be on a much faster pace as we move to 2016 and 2017. So to answer your question on our internal expectation and goals and the things we wanted to achieve for 2015, yes, we are on target.
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: And Driscoll just about the EPS figures that you mentioned, I think it appears for me that the main difference, the large difference of the consensus and the number that we published was the fact that our EPS we consider post the preferred dividend is the EPS to common. So this is the main driver which in the out years we don't believe it's a big difference because all the Analyst Day they assume that we are going to refi the preferred.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): The EBITDA one misses too, so I don't -- there's something going on, but I want to ask a different question. So on the $1.5 billion of gross savings, do you have the intention of reinvesting any of that in the business and can you give us just some color there on, if so, what kind of magnitudes are appropriate for the business?
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: When we think about the investments, this $1.5 billion number that we have is now focused on our savings, and our restructuring programs that we have, net of inflation for 2017. We don't treat this, inside this number any type of reinvestment that we may decide to do. We don't treat the investments in the brand as the same bucket. So whatever is going to be  we are going to decide to do in terms of marketing or innovation need to pay itself have a return inside the investments. So we don't treat this together.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): And just one detail question. Do you guys know what the adjusted gross margin was? I don't think in the press release there was enough information to a portion, the various charges between the gross margin and the operating margin. But do you have the gross, adjusted gross margin handy?
Christopher M. Jakubik - Vice President-Investor Relations, Kraft Foods Group, Inc.: David, I don't have the number, but it will be in the 10-Q when that comes out. So you'll have the disclosure there.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. Thank you.
Georges El-Zoghbi - Chief Operating Officer: Okay.
Christopher M. Jakubik - Vice President-Investor Relations, Kraft Foods Group, Inc.: Operator, if we could take one more question, that'll be great.
Operator: Absolutely. Our final question will come from the line of Priya Ohri-Gupta of Barclays. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Priya Joy Ohri-Gupta - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. Thank you so much for taking the call. I have two quick questions. One, should we still be looking for the $2 billion in debt pay down by the middle of 2017? And then secondly, with all of the synergies accruing to 2017 EBITDA, should we think about you hitting that leverage target of getting below three times as a 2017 phenomenon? Or should we think about it as 2018? Thank you.
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Hi. So, I think about the first question, yes, as I said, I think we have pretty much the same all the initial financial expectations we had in the merger call, including the pay down of $2 billion in debt. We have these already structured in the way that we refied our debt. So we have this already structured in this way. And in terms of the leverage that we expect to do, what we said before, and you are keeping track on that, that to expect to be below three times in the medium term. Of course the reason that we said in the medium term is, we don't expect the leverage to get to that level of levering the long term. So that's why we use the word medium term. But it didn't change our original expectations so far.
Priya Joy Ohri-Gupta - Barclays Capital, Inc.: But as we think about medium term, I'm just trying to get a better sense of, is that 2017, 2018 or 2019? Or is it sort of anywhere in between those types of years?
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: What I can say is it's exactly the same original expectations we have at the moment that went for ratings and we had all the discussions about the capital structure of the company in the merger moment.
Priya Joy Ohri-Gupta - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Thank you very much.
Paulo Luiz Arajo Baslio - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. And that does conclude our question-and-answer period. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Chris Jakubik for any closing remarks.
Christopher M. Jakubik - Vice President-Investor Relations, Kraft Foods Group, Inc.: Thanks, everybody, for joining us this evening. And for those of you who have follow-up questions, Rishi Natarajan and I will be around for the analysts and Michael Mullen will be around for anybody from the media. So, let me turn it over to Bernardo.
Bernardo Vieira Hees - Chief Executive Officer: I just want to thank you for the commitment in following up and looking forward to be updating you as the company progress and we continue to deliver the results. We believe will be coming in the coming quarters. Have all a good evening.
Christopher M. Jakubik - Vice President-Investor Relations, Kraft Foods Group, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. And you may all disconnect. Have a great rest of your day.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-08-14 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, my name is Amanda, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I will like to welcome everyone to the Kraft Heinz Company Second Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. This listen-only is being recorded at the request of the Kraft Heinz Company for replay purposes. I will now turn the call over to Chris Jakubik, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Jakubik you may begin.
Chris Jakubik: Thank you, Amanda, and welcome to the Q2 2015 Business Update for Kraft Heinz Company bond holders. With me is our Chief Financial Officer, Paulo Basilio. During our remarks, we will make some forward-looking statements. Statements are based on how see things today. Actual results may differ due to risks and uncertainties. These are discussed in our earnings release which can be found in the Investor section of kraftheinzcompany.com. We'll also be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures during the call. You can find the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations in our earnings release. Before we get started please note that the merger between Kraft Foods Group and HJ Heinz Holdings Corporation to form the Kraft Heinz Company was completed on July 2nd, 2015, which was after the close of the second quarters for each respective company. So in keeping with Heinzs practice prior to the merger, this call will be a review of the premerger standalone financial results for each company in Q2 2015, as outlined in the press release we issued on August 10. With that, I will hand it over to Paulo.
Paulo Basilio: Thank you, Chris. Turning first to Kraft, net revenue decreased 4.9% including a negative 1.4% impact from currency. Kraft Organic net revenues decreased 3.3% of course keeping up a 2.6% decline from volume mix and a 0.7% decline from lower net pricing. The volume mix decline included an approximate one percentage point negative impact from the timing of Easter-related shipments and an approximately one percentage point negative impact from lower ready-to-drink beverage sales, resulting from decreased promotional activities versus the prior year quarter, as well as retail inventory shifts this year. Lower net pricing reflected pricing actions in the Cheese and Food Services businesses, related to lower dairy costs. These were partially offset by the carry-over impact of price increases taken in prior quarter. Operating income was $923 million and diluted EPS was $0.92 inclusive of one-off factor in the quarter. Excluding the impact of these factors in both years, operating income grew at the mid-single digit rate and EPS grew at the double-digit rate. This growth was primarily driven by a combination of favorable commodity cost net of pricing mainly in the dairy and meat categories. Lower SG&A expenses driven by reduction in advertising spending and lower manufacturing costs driven by net productivity. EPS growth was further enhanced by a lower effective tax rate and lower net interest expense versus prior year quarter. Free cash flow in the first six months of 2015 was $802 million, up from $454 million from the same period during the prior year. This years [quarterly] working capital improvement has more than offset an increase in capital expenditures. Now turning to Heinz; Sales decline 4.1% due to a negative 9.4% impact from foreign exchange translation and a 0.6 reduction from the divestiture of a frozen food business in the UK. Heinz organic net sale grew 5.9%. Net pricing increased by 4.2% driven by higher pricing across all segments, primarily Latin America. Volume increased 1.7% driven by higher inventory stock at US retailers in the first quarter of 2014 prior to the implementation of SAP, as well as raw material and packaging supply constraints in Venezuela. These volume gains were partially offset by volume decline due to the timing of Ramadan festive season in Indonesia, reduced trade promotions in Russia, product rationalization in Europe and category declines in Italy. Adjusted EBITDA increased $46 million or 6.7% to $739 million, primarily driven by gross profit as a result of increased sales in North America and Venezuela, cost of goods sold productivity initiative and an overall reduction in SG&A. These gains were partially offset by unfavorable foreign exchange translation rate in all segments, and increased marketing spending in North America. Organic adjusted EBITDA grew 16.3%, driven increased sales and lower SG&A. I will now turn the call back to Chris Jakubik for closing remark.
Chris Jakubik: Thanks Paulo, and thank you for listening to our call. For any investors or analysts who have follow-up questions, I will be available at your convenience. And for anybody in the media who has further questions, Michael Mullen will available to take your calls as well. Thank you and have a good day.
Operator: This concludes the conference call. You may now disconnect from the line.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-02-12 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Chris Jakubik - Vice President, Investor Relations John Cahill - Chairman and CEO Teri List-Stoll - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Chris Growe - Stifel David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Andrew Lazar - Barclays Ken Goldman - JPMorgan Jonathan Feeney - Athlos Research Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets Alexia Howard - Bernstein Matthew Grainger - Morgan Stanley Jason English - Goldman Sachs Priya Ohri-Gupta - Barclay's David Driscoll - Citigroup Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Todd Duvick - Wells Fargo
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Kraft Foods Group Incorporate Reports Fourth Quarter Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would like to introduce your host for today's conference, Chris Jakubik, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Chris Jakubik: Good afternoon and thanks for joining our business update for the fourth quarter and full year of 2014. With me today are John Cahill, our Chairman and CEO, and Teri List-Stoll, our CFO. During our remarks, we will make some forward-looking comments that are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ due to risks and uncertainties. These are discussed in our press release. We'll also be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures during the call today, and you can find the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our press release and in the Investor Center of kraftfoodsgroup.com. Now, I'll hand it over to John, who will outline our agenda for today.
John Cahill: Thank you, Chris, and good afternoon, everyone. I'm delighted to be speaking with you today as Kraft Foods Chairman and CEO. And while it's still early in my tenure and I'm deep in the learning cycle, and I'll tell you upfront that I'm not far enough along to be able to answer all the questions you may have about our plans for the future today. I will certainly share my perspective on the current realities facing Kraft and our industry. But it's early days as I begin to work with the team to map out our path forward. So this afternoon we will review Kraft's performance in 2014 and some of the factors that are likely to shape our outlook as we head into 2015. And at the end, I'll touch upon my preliminary thinking on our biggest areas of opportunity. By now you will have seen the announcement we've made today regarding some leadership changes, and that Teri List-Stoll will be stepping down as CFO at the end of this month. I'd like to thank Teri for her contributions to our company, her dedication and her professionalism, and her leadership of Kraft's strong financial team. So let me now turn it over to Teri to discuss our Q4 and full-year financial results, as well as some thoughts on 2015.
Teri List-Stoll: Thanks John. Hopefully you've all had a chance to review the earnings release we issued about an hour ago detailing our fourth quarter and full-year results. If you did, you would have seen that we landed the year with fourth quarter results that were largely consistent with what we had outlined for you at the end of October. And as we walk down the P&L for the quarter and the year, I think the common thread is that while there were some positive developments in the fourth quarter, it was against a backdrop of a 2014 where Kraft did not deliver against its potential. With both macro environment headwinds and mixed execution on our part affecting our full year results. For instance, at the revenue line, Q4 organic revenue growth of 3.4% was a sequential improvement from previous quarters. Volume mix contributed 1.5 points of growth, while pricing was up nearly 2%. In addition, we outpaced North America food and beverage industry growth of 2.4%. And we held market share in 69% of our businesses in Q4, up from 47% of our businesses in Q3. For the full year, however, we were below our long-term objective. Our 2014 organic net revenue growth of 0.9% trailed North America food and beverage industry growth of approximately 2%. And for the year, our overall market share within the major categories where we compete was down 0.7 [ph] a point. On the cost front, while we made some progress in growing our underlying gross profit dollars in the fourth quarter, we were down for the year. As is our discipline, we priced aggressively to recover what were unprecedented input cost increases and absolute commodity price levels in our cheese and Oscar Mayer businesses. And in both businesses, we were essentially able to offset those cost increases through net pricing. We were also encouraged by the volume elasticitys we experienced in those categories, which were generally consistent with and in some cases better than what we expected. At the same time, we pushed the promotional pedal down in a number of categories without realizing adequate returns or volume lift. And this hurt overall profitability in our beverages, meals and desserts, and enhancers businesses. In terms of productivity, fourth quarter gross productivity was approximately 5%, and net productivity was approximately 4%. This resulted in full year growth productivity of 4%, and full-year net productivity of just over 2%. And while net productivity was better than our October estimate of 1.5% to 2% for the year, execution missteps earlier in the year prevented us from being where we wanted to be, and need to be, for the long-term. In fact, when we take a step back, the impacts of input costs, pricing and productivity, in aggregate, resulted in a small net benefit in Q4 for the year. As a result, most of the movement in the P&L this year, and some of the biggest influences in operating income, were largely from a combination of factors that we don't expect to repeat. We've talked before about lower spending and cost savings initiatives being a driver of earnings growth in 2014. We ended up spending just over $100 million this year on cost savings initiatives, but below the $125 million to $150 million range that we expected. We also ended the year with $79 million or $0.09 per share of unrealized losses from commodity hedging activities, and a $1.3 billion or $1.41 per share non-cash loss from market-based impacts to post-employment benefit plans. The loss from market-based impacts to post-employment benefit plans was driven by a combination of lower discount rates and updated mortality assumptions that were partially offset by favorable asset returns. Excluding these factors, lower corporate expenses and lower advertising and consumer spending contributed to the strong fourth quarter operating income growth. We continued to reduce our overhead costs in 2014. However, much of the upside from overhead we saw this year versus last came from a combination of items that are largely non-recurring. In the fourth quarter, we saw benefit in the form of lower compensation accruals versus the prior year, and for the full year, in the form of favorable retirement-related benefit adjustments primarily resulting from lower-than-expected claims experience. If you recall, we talked about the favorable benefits experience earlier in the year. This factor alone resulted in $128 million of pretax income this year versus 2013. And while the benefits of this company are real, it's important to note that the earnings recognized do not provide incremental cash in the current period. And they can create an earnings headwind going into next year, as the level of improvement in claims experience is unlikely to repeat. Also within SG&A, A&C spending was down roughly 12% for the fiscal year 2014 versus last year. And advertising to sales was down to 3.6% from 4.1% in 2013, in part due to digital efficiencies, but also cutbacks of ineffective spending. That said, we continue to believe that we're not yet supporting all of our brands with adequate copy or an adequate level of funding. But it made no sense to continue to spend without the right plans in place, which is why we pulled back this year. Going forward, we'll need to understand the consumer insights that will improve our messages, and then spend behind execution that will build our key brands. Turning to the bottom line, EPS growth was further enhanced by an effective tax rate of roughly 30% in the fourth quarter, and 31% for the full year, well below the 34% base rate we would expect over time. In the end, while our EPS delivery was indeed consistent with the initial expectations we laid out in February, it was not how we expected to deliver it, and the quality of those earnings is neither sufficient nor sustainable. Before I close out our discussion of the financials, let's cover our cash results. As we highlighted in our third quarter remarks, free cash flow productivity was below our long-term targets, in part reflecting the non-cash nature of some of the earnings drivers we just covered. Absolute free cash flow was about flat to the prior year at $1.5 billion, still comfortably sufficient to cover our dividend requirements and other cash operating needs. As expected, free cash flow in 2014 did benefit from a reduction in pension cost contributions, roughly $150 million this year versus $600 million in 2013. But despite the fact that our cash conversion cycle of 26 days remains at the top of our class, we didn't repeat the significant working capital reductions in 2014 that we realized in 2013. If you'll recall, our working capital performance in 2013 benefited from abnormally low levels of inventory at the end of the year. In sum, as we look back at our performance over the year, we see both some encouraging developments, as well as a number of opportunities to leverage more disciplined execution to improve future results. Speaking of future results, as John mentioned at the outset, we hope you can appreciate that the team has not finalized the 2015 plans and outlook. At the same time, we recognize your desire to discuss Kraft's near term range prospects. And this is what we can tell you. As I think you can summarize, based on the discussion of our 2014 results and what you're seeing on the macroeconomic front, there are many moving pieces to consider. Here are some of the biggest as we see it. On the macro front, it would have to be commodities and currency. Based on the spot market in futures, Kraft's commodity basket is trending down. This brings with it some risk that net price reductions will pressure our top line. But it lessons one of the most significant cost pressures we faced in 2014. In terms of currency, while you wouldn't think it to be a big factor for Kraft given that we're primarily a North American company, this month, we had to implement significant price increases in Canada to offset higher input costs, due to exchange rates and the fact that we source a good amount of our inputs from the US. So this will not only put some near-term pressure on currency translated results, but our results in local currency as well. Further down the P&L, there are also a number of headwinds we face in 2015 compared to 2014. First and foremost is the cost favorability that we've experienced over the past two years from retirement-related benefit adjustments, primarily resulting from lower-than-expected claims experience. Now, these trends aren't likely to continue to decline, and if they don't, it will present a pretax headwind of approximately $180 million compared to 2014. At the tax line, our effective rate is likely to trend back towards our long-term base rate of about 34% versus the 31% in 2014. We've benefited these last several years from some good work to close out long-standing disputes in our favor. With those behind us, we will likely revert to closer to the base rate. We don't have a number at this point, but best to expect it will be a lot closer to our long-term run rate than the 31 % we achieved in 2014. And lastly, as John will talk about, we're completing the cost benefit flow of our supply chain and cost savings initiatives for both 2015 and beyond. That said, it would be fair to point out that the level of activity in 2014 at just over $100 million was abnormally low. So those are the big factors we're thinking about at the outset of the year. Now I'll hand it back to John to share his perspective on where we stand today, and the path forward.
John Cahill: Thank you, Teri. So those are our results for 2014 and some of the more financially oriented factors to consider. On the whole, I think you'd agree that 2014 for Kraft, and for that matter, the broader food industry, was both difficult and disappointing. At the same time, looking at our 2014 results helps us know where to focus as we finalize and begin to implement our plans for the future. So what do I see is the realities of Kraft at this stage? Well, at an industry level, food and beverage grew nearly 2%, as did our Kraft categories. And gas prices until recently were easing financial pressures on our consumers. Now for Kraft, we see some key positives and results that confirm there is an underlying strength in our portfolio of brands. Our aggressive pricing actions in light of commodity increases were largely accepted by customers and consumers, with a lag in pricing by competitors. Our innovation, when executed well, is valued by consumers and customers. Oscar Mayer P3, McCaf coffee and the rejuvenation of our Philadelphia soft cream cheese line have all been well received. And our customers view us as a strategic partner, one of the few companies with the breath and presence to drive and rejuvenate the center of the store. But while our disposition maybe encouraging, it's clear that our world has changed, and our consumers have changed, but our company has not changed enough, and certainly has not kept pace. So it's clear that we need to accelerate our pace of change. We need to evolve our skill sets and our portfolio priorities to capture the opportunities that these changing consumer behaviors present. So what are some of the areas of opportunity we see? Well, first, let's start with our brands. Our brands can be found in 98% of the United States and Canadian households. They are some of the most well-recognized in our markets, if not around the world. Yet Kraft Foods hasn't gained share as a company for some time. And in 2014, we did not grow share in any individual category. We merely held flat at 60% of our US businesses, and lost share in the other 40%. It's clear we are not yet tapping the full potential of our brands. While we're faring better than our center-of-store peers, our consumption is up 0.5% versus down roughly 2% for our peers, we are still losing share of total consumption. Our imperative is to reverse this trend by ensuring our brands are relevant to today's consumers, so that we can grow rather than just hold on. To do that, we must deliver better, lasting differentiation through product quality, relevant innovation and brand building. This means improving our product quality and operating consistently to avoid costly executional missteps and recalls that held back our productivity this past year. It also means building an innovation pipeline that anticipates and addresses changing consumer needs, preferences and channels. We need a more robust pipeline, products of a quality that more people want to buy, and products that meet evolving consumer preferences, while creating value for our shareholders. This also means effectively supporting our brands with communications that can attract the attention of consumers in a fragmented media landscape. And making sure that our brands are funded commensurate with the growth and returns they can generate. As you heard from Teri, our advertising levels have fallen, as effectiveness in marketing spending has deteriorated, and increased promotional spending has not resulted in volume lift or sales growth. We must better-leverage consumer insights and emerging digital tools to achieve an advantage in this area and reach the right consumers at the right time. We also must instill new return-on-marketing disciplines at every relevant level of our organization. We can't continue to spend without adequate returns. It's also clear that we need to improve our execution and lower our cost of doing business. This spans everything from trade spending efficiency and strategic pricing architecture to making sure we have the right level and the right kind of capacity to serve our consumers and customers in the most efficient manner. You've heard us talk previously about PNOC, or pricing net of commodities, which was a metric we initiated to instill more discipline on cost recovery. And while we won't move away from that as a fundamental objective, we need to be more strategic in thinking about revenue management and pricing to ensure we're doing more than responding to commodity moves, and really driving to improve top line growth and returns. And we'll talk more about that in the coming months. And on the supply chain front, our gross productivity levels still lead the industry, but the opportunity remains to translate that into greater profitability, and we need to get after that. At a plant level, the combination of declines in volume produced and freed-up capacity from Lean Six Sigma gains over the past few years means we have an opportunity to streamline in a number of areas. And lastly, given the importance of Kraft to our customers, we have the responsibility to win with all of our customers. Our focus on growth channels is paying off, with high single digit growth for the year. And there remains opportunity as we are still under-represented. But we need to do a better job driving center-of-store growth across the entire retail landscape. As I mentioned earlier, I'm not going to provide a lot of details or plans at this time. But I certainly would like to try to help you understand at least my preliminary thinking. Let me start with what I think will change and what I think will be the same at Kraft. Going forward, we will continue to operate with great support for our incredibly powerful brands, strong connections to our customers, a focus on productivity as fuel for investment in our brands and our people, and a strong cash orientation. What I expect will be different is a greater pace of change; an intense focus on execution; greater return on investment discipline around advertising, trade and capital spending, and innovation rooted in more robust fact-based consumer insights. As I mentioned earlier, we announced some leadership changes today in order to strengthen our execution. I have great confidence in George Zoghbi and Chris Kempczinski, and look forward to working with them in their new positions. They will partner with the rest of our leaders to develop plans that target innovation and brand rejuvenation built on clear priorities and efficient operations. The employments we announced today reflect my commitment and our Board's commitment to accelerate our pace of change. So what's next? As you'd expect, I'm taking these first months to immerse myself in the business and spend as much time as possible listening, learning and partnering with my team to refine and finalize our strategic plans and initiatives for the future. In many ways, the challenges facing Kraft Foods today are not unique to Kraft Foods. But it's important to say that from the start, I've known we have the best brands in the industry. These are brands with rich traditions of quality and strong equities that have held and will continue to hold an important place in people's lives. And while I'm only in this for a few weeks so far, it's become even clearer to me how much our people share that belief. They have a passion for this business and a talent for making the foods people love, and they want to win. My goal is to help transform that desire to reality. Now I may continue to make some decisions along the way, but I plan to use this time to really get under the hood, and spend time with our customers and business partners to develop a well informed comprehensive plan that will accelerate the pace of change. And put Kraft on a clear path to long-term sustainable growth. I look forward to coming back to you with additional perspective on our business and our potential. My target is to provide our plans to investors in the second quarter. Now we'd be happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Chris Growe of Stifel. Your line is now open.
Chris Growe: Hi, good evening.
John Cahill: Hi, Chris.
Chris Growe: Hi. I wanted to just ask a question if I could about, I mean, one of the things that's gone well especially later in the year and I would say overall since Kraft has been Kraft Foods Group is the productivity savings, I guess I want to be clear though John there was an acceleration in the fourth. Quarter, does that indicate you are kind of back on track to realize in those kind of savings and are you looking for even more dramatic change or more savings from those activities such that you have higher one-time costs? Is that an expectation you have for the business?
John Cahill: Let me answer Chris the second aspect first and then turn to Teri to talk about Q4 and 2014. With respect to productivity in longer-term, in my comments I mentioned that we have  we really do see we have more opportunity there than we've captured so far. And I mentioned our plans and so forth. We do of a good bit of excess capacity which we're mindful of. So, let me stop there and say that just wait for the  let me develop these plans and come back to you at later time, but I'm confident we have more opportunity. So let's talk about 2014.
Teri List-Stoll: Yes. So as we said, our gross productivity was about 4% which is still a very strong level of gross productivity, but our net productivity was much lower and what we really need to be focused on is sustaining that delivery of the gross productivity, but translating it into the margin accretion that we need the lower unit cost that we need from those productivity savings. So that's what we're focused on, but the gross productivity continues to be certainly strong on a relative basis.
Chris Growe: Okay. And if I can ask just one follow-up question on in relation to marketing and with sales growth coming in below your category growth rates it seems to correlate to the reduction in advertising that occurred, I realize you don't want to spend good money after bad. But I guess and sort to understand developing these marketing plans and putting more money behind marketing, where is the organization in terms of their development of those plans? I kind of thought at this point will be at a point where you could be investing more heavily in marketing across more brands?
John Cahill: Well, I will say Chris, again, and [indiscernible] maybe give you a little glimpse, my view is marketing remains paramount in it's important to Kraft, and we would like to spend more money, but we want to do it in an intelligent way. And so we've got to develop the programs that are worthy of substantial dollars and that's where we're headed.
Chris Growe: Okay. Thank you for your time.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Palmer of RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
David Palmer: Thanks, good evening. John I'm just wondering how you George and the team are generally thinking about how Kraft can invest to grow and then perhaps how quickly you can get back to profitably gaining share. It looks like the promotion spending which was up for some your categories in the fourth quarter and the ad spending which were down were not getting the returns that you hoped. So we're left with wondering what you can do to spend to get back to where you want to be and that in the big picture it feels like big brands are losing due to a quality perception out there? Thanks.
John Cahill: Thank you, David. I think that my perspective at least at this stage is that, that there is plenty of opportunity to spend intelligently and to boost the performance of our brands. What we believe, what I believe is that there's a lot we internally at Kraft can do to improve that around execution. And so that's why I really focused enormously on that in terms of my prepared comments. I think that we need to bring  we have the resources, we need to bring the right ideas and the right decision-making to bear to apply to these brands. We need to be more intelligent. We need to be faster. We need to be more fact-based. And so that's what I am focusing on with George  will be focusing on with George and the team.
David Palmer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane of Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Bryan Spillane: Hey, good afternoon.
John Cahill: Hi, Brian.
Bryan Spillane: John, just I guess two questions. One, I think you touched on earlier how the industry has changed and I guess from the time of inception with Kraft splitting from Mondelez. So could you just talk a little bit about  little bit more color in terms of what you think has changed and maybe do you expect it to continue to change?
John Cahill: Well, so Brian, you know my view of Kraft was  mostly as being a chairman and a board member, so I  but I certainly watch the industry carefully and the industry has changed. I wouldn't call it dramatic, I'd call a continuous. And so I certainly expect the industry to continue to change. What remains and that is in terms of what's happening at the retail level, what's happening with additional brands in these categories and so forth, and with respect to consumers desire to find great value and high quality. And so I would tell you that, I don't think that Kraft has done as aggressive a job in this regard as we need to do and will do going forward. And so, I don't view the changes in this marketplace to be daunting or problematic particularly for company like Kraft with its incredible trademarks. We just need to execute better.
Bryan Spillane: And then I guess as a follow-up to that, as you go through this process in the context of the industry going through some change and, aside from evaluating maybe where you need to invest more, or where you can go harder on savings, are you also looking at the portfolio places where you might be needing to either, in words, hard for Kraft to win or places where you might need to add something to be  to put yourself in a better position, just if you can address how are you thinking about as part of your process, are you a evaluating the portfolio?
John Cahill: Yes. When I look at the portfolio Brian, I would tell you that, my primary focus is on how we spend our resources. And we have wonderful brands, but they are not all created equal. And so our intention is to resource those brands that have greater margin potential and have great margins to start with and have great upside  top line potential and where we have great ideas. And so, with respect to what we own or we don't own, we'll save that for another day. But suffice to say, we've got our eye on the world. But at the end of the day our brands are phenomenal brands as they are. And so our first and foremost focus will be on making them work.
Bryan Spillane: Okay. Thanks, John.
John Cahill: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar of Barclays. Your line is now open.
Andrew Lazar: Good evening, everybody.
John Cahill: Hey, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar: I guess, it's a lot to process, so excuse me if I'm not quite as clear as I want to be. At the time of the split, I think what was broadly sold to investors really was Kraft was going to have this clarity of vision around kind of being much more focused on margins, return of cash to shareholders, not chasing, let's say top line growth just for top line sake, the top line goal was a relative growth target right to food and beverage as opposed to kind of an absolute growth target. And I guess along the way it seemed a little bit like that clarity of vision or that disciplined was sort of lost and Kraft was going far more aggressively maybe than, maybe just than I expected after growth, and you know, all the brands can grow and can grow some things even when they might not seem to be that well aligned with where consumers are at. And I guess, I was wondering do you share that feeling and do you think there really is a need to get back to more of the clarity of vision i.e. either you are more focused on cash and returning that to shareholders, from a margin productivity versus really trying to be more of an organic top line growth story, because that's more what I am hearing tonight. Maybe I'm taking away from it improperly, but I somehow expected maybe to hear something the other way?
John Cahill: Well, let me be clear on this subject Andrew. Certainly I was around at the spin and I'm very mindful of the story that was told at that time and I think it was a good story and in many respect we're staying with the same story. But we'll have more clarity around that in more detail in the second quarter when I display our plans. But conceptually I will tell you that, we're not departing. I don't think we'll depart from the main line of that story and that is we have fabulous brands. We have great opportunities to invest in them intelligently, but you used the term earlier in your comments discipline, I would say we've done fine. This is not a broken company by any stretch. But we do need to adapt a turnaround mindset in many ways and that is going to be mostly around, as I said earlier this pace of change, this focus on execution and this return on investment. And we can do a much better job with that I'm quite confident. And so, stay tuned and we'll have more to tell  talk about that in the second quarter.
Andrew Lazar: All right. And I assume we don't have an actual date yet for the meeting you are planning?
John Cahill: No we do not.
Andrew Lazar: Okay. Thank you.
John Cahill: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ken Goldman of JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Ken Goldman: Hi. Thanks for the question. John, when we sat down with Tony a couple months ago, he was asked by an investor whether he admired what 3G had done with Heinz and he said he did admire their dedication to eliminating redundancies, but that he didn't think it would be appropriate for Kraft to cut cost to such a degree because it would impair growth too much. So not necessarily in terms of 3G or Heinz, but really just in terms of Kraft, is this a statement or a belief you agree with that cutting too deep in the bone would be dangerous and if not necessarily something you would support?
John Cahill: Will, certainly I mean, cutting into the bone doesn't really make sense at the end of the day for consumer products company. I won't opine on what Heinz has done or not done. But with respect to Kraft, I will tell you that as I see it today there remains plenty of opportunity to become more  to take cost out without jeopardizing in any way our top line opportunity. So that's what's exciting to me.
Ken Goldman: Can I ask a quick follow up? Just to follow up on Andrew Lazar's question a little bit about Kraft was 2.5 years ago and what it is today. Are you still as committed to the dividend that it stands or you comfortable being North America only? I know you maybe can't answer some of those, but any insight you can provide would be appreciated.
John Cahill: You are right in your premise. I'm going to hold off on both those questions for the time being.
Ken Goldman: Okay. Fair enough.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jonathan Feeney of Athlos Research. Your line is now open.
Jonathan Feeney: Hi. Thanks very much. John, you mentioned a couple of times in your remarks about you need to be, get better I think is it return on your spending and it strikes me that, I'm just curious how you baseline that because its, I mean, one of the reasons I'd argue, I mean, you have these commodity cost declines, albeit less a better commodities situation at least sequentially than it's been, you've made some investments at the price level and those have kind of paid off and maybe here some other reason why you are outperforming the rest of the category. Conceptually, what do you look at and say well, we're not getting much of a return on that because I don't know we could be seeing better profit, we could be pocketing more of that gross productivity could be coming to us. I mean, what would you make of the argument that, thats just the new reality and you need to  thats what Q4 had to be as far as in this falling commodity cost environment, because that's what competitors are doing and that's what other  thats where food volumes are at broadly?
John Cahill: Well, I think the answer Jonathan is that you could look at this from a macro or micro level. I think the root of your question is from the more macro perspective and the good news is we have tools and data to look at this from the micro perspective. When we look at trade spending, we the look at advertising spending and the like. And so when I talk about the need for improved discipline and improved focus on returns it's using that information both to look at specific promotions and the like and then to learn from those and to apply them in the next go around. We're good at that, but we need and can be much better.
Jonathan Feeney: Okay. And if I could just ask a question to Teri. These reevaluation's of these postretirement benefit plans that triggered some significant charges this quarter, I mean, are these the auditors that ask you to do that or is this sort of optional reevaluation based on some of the changes you've made?
Teri List-Stoll: So, just to be clear, these were actually benefits that were realized in the quarter and on the year. So it is a function of the annual actuarial evaluation that's performed. We did make some planned design changes a few years ago and we've been benefiting from those as they've rolled to the plan and since we're kind of at the tail of that, that's why we don't expect these to be recurring in the future. But it's all very  it's not something that was unexpected. It was part of why we made the design changes, but we wanted to be very clear that the benefits have rolled through and to what degree it creates a headwind for the future.
Jonathan Feeney: Okay. I get it. And fourth quarter was just one piece of that?
Teri List-Stoll: Yes, and most of it, because the valuations occur once per year typically unless there are other events that's why they come in in the quarter.
Jonathan Feeney: Right I understand. Okay. Thank you very much Teri.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ken Zaslow of BMO Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Ken Zaslow: Good evening, everyone.
John Cahill: Hello, Ken.
Ken Zaslow: So my question is, what new tools are analytics because you increased confidence on your ability to be able to track the efficiency that the previous management team may not have been able to do. And I guess, in terms of the follow-up there is, is there a point in your valuation that maybe there's a view that, maybe certain brands may be separated or run individually or sold to other companies? Like, how do you think about this process? It seems like you're undertaking a big process and I don't know what new tools and analytics you have?
John Cahill: Well, I'd say Ken, the answer to the question is that the tools are there. I mean, we have tools to understand and Teri I'm happy to turn to Teri to explain some of them. We have tools to understand some of the returns on these. To me this isnt so much a tool question, as it is a focus disciplined and structural question. And so what we have today was our first foray into making organizational changes and George will take some time to figure out his organization. And the idea is to be more decisive, more fact-based and the like. So  and that's faster in terms of our decision. So, maybe Teri do you want to mention some of the tools?
Teri List-Stoll: Yes. I don't know if you really wanted detailed review of our analytical tools. We have the ability for both trade and advertising to very reasonably precisely see the amount of lift that came from the spend and we can use that to then adapt and adjust future program. So the tools are there as John said. We just need to use them in a more disciplined fashion.
Ken Zaslow: And is there a point in your valuation where you would evaluate the potential of cheating the composition of your company where maybe certain brands may be best like obviously Hershey, right, Hershey is all about one brand or more of a unilateral type of company, is there a point that you want to be more focused or do you think that Brett [ph] is the key to success?
John Cahill: I think that, let me point on that a little bit Ken just for the moment, but as a matter, go back to what I said a moment ago. I do not believe all of our brands are the same. I think that the different brands have different roles in our portfolio, therefore we will have different resources applied against them and we will have different expectations for them. And so that's really the focus of where we are. We are mindful of what's happening in the outside world and what may be opportunities or us and we'll watch this very carefully, but our primary focus is on applying the right resources to these brands.
Ken Zaslow: Great. I appreciate it. Thank you.
John Cahill: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard of Bernstein. Your line is now open.
Alexia Howard: Good evening, everyone.
John Cahill: Hello, Alexia.
Alexia Howard:
Chris Jakubik: Hi, Alexia.
Alexia Howard: Hi, there. Okay. So I am trying to push a little bit further on that question, so what I am hearing here is higher quality ingredients are effective and more disciplined resource allocation, maybe organizational streamlining to drive profits decision-making, would you go so far to say that there may be certain brands in the portfolio where you really just want to manage the cash and maybe pullback on advertising and promotion simply ineffective for those brands. And is there higher-margin brands, the gross is coming from the chilled meats and cheeses and protein kind of stuff that's working really well in this environment. What does that mean for your margin mix? Thank you very much.
John Cahill: So Alexia, I'll wait mostly on the answer to your question until we get together in the second quarter. But I would say in addition to the list that you articulated, I want to make sure we don't lose the productivity aspect of this. There is  it's very important that we become even leaner than we are today and we have an opportunity to do so. And so that will be an enormous focus and very important and powerful element of our plan going forward. With respect to our brands, we will certainly  categories have different margins associated with them. We're very mindful of that and want to optimize this from a shareholder perspective over time and we'll talk more about that in the second quarter.
Alexia Howard: Great. Thank you very much. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Matthew Grainger of Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Matthew Grainger: Hi, thanks. John I just want to come back to your comment earlier on fact base consumer insights being sort of principal driver of innovation. I guess Kraft also had some high profile hits and some misses. And I'm not asking you to pick on anyone product in particular, but part of the organizational goal was to focus on making bets and being a leader rather than a follower. So I guess in that context can you just speak anecdotally to how you'd like that innovation process to change what the risk is of becoming too conservative on the innovation side as you look to become more fact-based and instill that discipline?
John Cahill: Well, I'd point Matthew to a couple things and answer your question. The first is, I'm delighted that Chris Kempczinski is taking this job. He is a exceptionally talented strategist and thinker, as well as an executor. So, he  he has great marketing background and will help us along these lines of linking consumer insights to innovation which is not been necessarily linked as well as they might have been in the past and Kraft in my view. The second thing is to say that, that as I've dug into this in the last couple of weeks, I've found that our consumer insights have  frankly our resources against that particular area have not been a strong as I thought they would be and they have, they've not sort of lessened over time. And so, I think you'd expect that we'll be getting a better consumer insights as the base and the foundation for a lot of these decisions going forward.
Matthew Grainger: Okay, thanks. And if I could just ask a brief Monday [ph] and follow-up, I guess on the innovation side just to go to a sort of more micro level. Could you give us just a brief update on where McCafe stands sort of in the launch process early insights retailer feedback et cetera?
John Cahill: So Chris, why dont you take that?
Chris Jakubik: Sure. Absolutely. So McCafe it launched in December in the US. It added a couple of points of growth to our beverage business in the fourth quarter. We're quite excited about the national rollout across the US and keep in mind we also  it's been in the market in Canada since late September. In Canada we've gotten good distribution but unfortunately its a little bit early to have any repeat numbers to pass along, but we'll certainly update you as we move forward.
Matthew Grainger: Okay, great. Thank you, both.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jason English of Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Jason English: Hey, good evening folks.
John Cahill: Good evening, Jason.
Jason English: Sorry it seems there is few things going on tonight, so I've been a little bit distracted throughout the call. But there was something you said a dividend that has a couple of people spoke to; was there a suggestion that you may not maintain your dividend at this current level?
John Cahill: I said no, let me be clear, I said about the dividend in that regards, so no one should read anything into, anything upset about that absolutely not.
Jason English: So is it dividend growth thats unclear or we can feel safe that the dividend level is correct?
John Cahill: Really, beyond those comments, the answer is that I'm a cash driven guy and a very mindful of the desire and need to supply ample dividends to our shareholders and we'll talk more about that when we get together.
Chris Jakubik: Yes, I think Jason, I think you have to appreciate that on a number of fronts as we're going through the process here, we certainly don't want to front run any of the good work thats  that its going to happen by the team. Obviously we've been out there with a strong dividend and that's been there since the outset. But I don't think we really want to start giving guidance on growth rates et cetera.
Jason English: Okay. Well, let's pick on use of cash than from a different angle. As you probably seen there's been some pressure forwards linking you to some potential M&A interest in various assets throughout Mexico, some of them very sizable. In regards to Bryan Spillane's question on portfolio additions, John I think you said you have the eye on the world. And then I see you elevated ahead of Canada, with the president of international which is really just Canada right now and you cite strategy and M&A as key responsibilities. So I guess were all sort of conspiracy theorists sometimes and I look at that and I say is that right to read into this and think that M&A and international expansion should be something investors think about when considering your strategic direction going forward?
John Cahill: Well, let me be clear. First of all, on Chris Kempczinski title and his role, certainly I do like the linkage of consumer insights and strategy and innovation and he's the perfect guy to do this. And with respect to international, no we have a Canadian business and we have and export business. And the export business is actually is doing quite well and it go back to the Form-10's and you will see we have brands returning to us from Mondelez over time. And so, its suffice it to say that I have an interest. And now, that export business is roughly by 2% of our sales, so it's a huge at this point by any stretch, but it's nicely profitable and I could see that growing quite well. So, that's what you should read into to his title. I'm not going to speculate or comment on what you read or don't read it with respect to particular deals, my focus is on the base business, let's just put it that way.
Jason English: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Priya Ohri-Gupta of Barclay's. Your line is now open.
Priya Ohri-Gupta: Thank you so much for taking the question. I mean, I attempt to ask this, but can appreciate it if you can provide too much clarity there. So hoping that you can provide some initial thoughts about how you are thinking about your financial policy with regards to your balance sheet usage, if you think about supporting some of these initiatives. Do you feel that you have the appropriate flexibility within your current rating structure or is that something that might need to be revisited as you go about these plans? Thank you.
Teri List-Stoll: So, as John indicated we'll certainly have more to say in the future, but at this point as we look at our debt rating we do see the benefit of investment grade, so that remains an important consideration for us. We have the upcoming debt maturity this summer. We have quite a bit of cash on hand. We have an untapped commercial paper program. We have share repurchase under way. We purchased $740 million there. So you can see as John said we're very mindful of the cash this company can generate and putting it to the best use for shareholders.
Priya Ohri-Gupta: That's very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Driscoll of Citigroup. Your line is now open.
David Driscoll: Great, thank you. And good evening, everyone.
John Cahill: Hello, David.
David Driscoll: I had a couple little questions and it will  it seems to get somewhere, but just they are fast. First one was Teri I think you said there was an incentive comp reduction on the year, can you quantify that for us?
Teri List-Stoll: We don't have a specific amount for you, but as you can imagine from the results our compensation is a pay for performance basis. And so the actual bonuses were down versus target.
David Driscoll: Okay. And then second question to you is on the restructuring spending. So the initial target for the year was 150, it comes in at 107 so off the pace by $43 million. On the third quarter you had kind of given us a little hint that might happen, talking down the range to 125, what I'm really concerned about there was just that, the failure to spend the money does it fundamentally impact the ability to generate productivity savings in 2015 because you don't get the programs going in 2014? Is the logical?
Teri List-Stoll: You know, I think what we would say is that  so debt restructuring spending is a function of how we generate some of the productivity. So, the step down from the 125 is where we actually started, with the growing rate expectation for restructuring isnt large enough to dramatically impact the gross productivity that we would expect on the year. But of course, to accelerate the productivity we'd have to think about whether restructuring efforts might be necessary and that would be part of the planning being done now.
David Driscoll: Thanks for that. Final thing for me just and just to kind of  I think just to pull some pieces together and make sure I heard you right, so benefits you are saying could be as much as $180 million headwind to the company going forward. I think that's like $0.20 a share if that's right. The marketing budget was reduced this year and if it were to go up every one percentage point of sales would be another $0.20 a share headwind. The tax rate is a 300 basis point headwind and that's like $0.09 a share for next year. You called out the foreign exchange numbers that you didn't quantify, but gosh we see at least $0.05 on translation maybe to 2x that on the transactional side. Some quick math here well you guys been laying this out on the call would come up to like a $0.65 headwind going into your 2015 planning period. John simple question here is there any way you actually grow earnings in 2015?
John Cahill: First of all David, as we said we're not in a position to provide any guidance today. I think as we get closer to the second quarter and we can talk about the fuller plan, we'll give you more detail. I think you named a good number of the negative headwinds. Obviously you have the unrealized hedging gain  unrealized hedging loss that came into play this year, can't really forecast that. And then as Teri talked about we had some of the recall costs and missed execution if that doesn't repeat that will be a good degree of favorability. So don't really want to start taking it apart and adding it up or adding it down for you, but we'll provide more details in due course.
David Driscoll: I appreciate it.
Teri List-Stoll: You mentioned the AMP spending and obviously that spending will only occur to the extent it generates return. So I don't think of that as a headwind per se.
David Driscoll: Okay. Thank you so much. I'll pass it along.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Eric Katzman of Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Eric Katzman: Hi, good evening. Teri best of luck
Teri List-Stoll: Thank you.
Eric Katzman: I guess a couple of shorter-term questions than long-term. Did you actually mentioned Teri how much fourth quarter ad spending was down? Or could you as a percentage of sales?
Teri List-Stoll: No, we didn't present that. I don't have that with me. Chris can follow up with you on the details of that.
Eric Katzman: Okay. And then it sounded like you were talking about having to take some significant price increases for Canada. Your Canada business in the fourth quarter was quite strong. Was that like a buy end so was that a bit of a, kind of concern in terms of the top line out of Canada ex-currency in 2015?
Teri List-Stoll: Yes. Great question, very fair. In fact it really wasn't. The activity we saw in the fourth quarter in Canada was largely a great deal of customer activity that really drove legitimate consumption in the market, so there was just higher promotional activity supported by the customer. The pricing impacts are really going to be at current year impact.
Eric Katzman: Okay, thanks. And then
John Cahill: So, just one thing on that Eric, as you think about it, as you put in the pricing in Canada you'll probably see the volume impact of that significant pricing come into play in the first quarter.
Eric Katzman: Okay, thanks for that. And then back to the long-term John, I guess kind of going back to Andrew Lazar's question you were there addressed us Boston, I think at the coming out party and you kind of came up with I would say fairly unique approach to guidance long-term, kind of targets again the relative top line. Is there any like that I guess at the time when you put that together as Chairman of the Board you endorse this, you felt that those targets in that approach was reasonable, and effective in the market. It sounds like your boards change here with Tony as leader was that, they werent  he was in executing. So are we to take from that that you are still kind of comfortable with those long-term targets and that approach and it's really more a question of execution to deliver on the targets that you felt was enough to create competitive shareholder value?
John Cahill: Well Eric, I appreciate the question and I remember that session in Boston very well and I do think the world has changed. We certainly didn't expect the kind of top line compression from an industry standpoint at that stage, subsequent three years but it is what it is. But I'm not going to opined today on these long-term targets and the approach. Its suffice it to say though what remains is these brands are incredibly powerful they deserve innovation and support. We continue to have very substantial productivity opportunities and I remain a very cash oriented person executive with the intent of providing intelligent and ample returns to our investors. So stay tuned and we'll give you that answer in the second quarter.
Eric Katzman: Okay. I'll pass it on. Thank you.
Chris Jakubik: Operator, if you could take one more question please.
Operator: Of course. Our next comes from the line of Todd Duvick of Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Todd Duvick: Thanks for the question. A quick follow up on the financial policy that pre asked about. Can you tell me if the financial policy comes from the Board of Directors or if its management and if it is from the Board of Directors is that something that is set by the Board of Directors or the Board is more complicit with?
John Cahill: Well, I can assure you that we have had ample discussions with the Board and they have endorsed our strategies, but from a  in all respects certainly from a cash orientation and cash free standpoint, yes.
Todd Duvick: Okay. So as you look at these plans that you are planning to unveil in the second quarter we can assume that the financial policy is probably one of the items that is not on the table for change?
John Cahill: Well, I'm not going to say that. All I am saying is that, all of our plans are reviewed and approved by the Board and you'll have to stay tuned and see what we come forward with in the second quarter. Having said that, I dont  I personally don't at this stage do not see substantial change in our financial policies. I mean, I think they are very sound and appropriate for business of this type.
Todd Duvick: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And I'm showing no further questions at this time. I'd like to hand the call back over to Chris Jakubik for any closing remarks.
Chris Jakubik: Thanks very much and thanks for joining us today. For any of the analyst who have follow-up questions I will be available after the call and for anyone in the media who has further questions call in Tony Ryan and Basil Maglaris, will be available to take your calls as well. So, thank you and have a good evening.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. That does complete today's program. You may now disconnect. Have a great day everyone.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-29 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Chris Jakubik - Vice President, Investor Relations Tony Vernon - Chief Executive Officer Teri List-Stoll - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Matthew Grainger - Morgan Stanley Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein Jonathan Feeney - Athlos Research Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Andrew Lazar - Barclays Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank John Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Ken Zaslow - Bank of Montreal David Palmer - RBC David Driscoll - Citi Research Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Chris Growe - Stifel Jason English - Goldman Sachs
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Kraft Foods Third Quarter 2014 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I'd now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Chris Jakubik, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Chris Jakubik: Thanks. Good afternoon and thanks for joining our business update for the third quarter of 2014. With me today are Tony Vernon, our CEO; and Teri List-Stoll, our CFO. During our remarks, we will make some forward-looking statements that are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ due to risks and uncertainties. These are discussed in our press release. We'll also be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures during the call today, and you can find the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our press release and in the Investor Center of kraftfoodsgroup.com. Now, I'll hand it over to Tony and Teri to provide our third quarter business update and discuss what we expect going forward.
Tony Vernon: Thanks, Chris, and thanks everyone for joining us today. We issued our press release about an hour ago. So hopefully you've had the chance to review our financials. Against the backdrop of a challenging consumer and customer environment and some executional missteps, it would be difficult to call this a great quarter or an outstanding first nine months in absolute terms. However, as we look at our performance relative to our playbook and to our peers and against those backdrops, we made some key progress in several important areas. Underlying organic revenue growth is improving as our innovations gain traction. Significant pricing actions are sticking and we've taken them across the majority of our portfolio, while recent consumption trends are improving and we're expanding distribution with key customers in non-traditional channels. Underlying operating income dollars also showed improvement despite significant commodity impacts. Importantly, this was partly driven by the disciplined evolution of an agile digital marketing capability that our CMO, Deanie Elsner, spoke about at the back-to-school conference in September. That being said, we're certainly not all the way to bright yet. We have some clear opportunity areas: operational discipline, cash productivity and marketing effectiveness to name a few. Taken all together, we remain on the right path, strengthening execution of our playbook and proactively addressing the macro and consumer trends that will drive sustainable profitable growth. As a result, we're on track to deliver full year EPS performance consistent with the expectations we laid out to you in early February. As you would expect, that path has had a few twists and turns this year as consumer and customer trends accelerated and commodity cost trends remained volatile. So we've had to be agile, taking the size of actions to respond appropriately. Looking forward, we discussed several times now the fact that rapid changes in the environment and consumer behavior remained both a challenge and an opportunity for both Kraft and the industry at large. So today, in addition to providing you with some further color on the key business drivers of our third quarter results, we'll talk a bit more about the proactive efforts we're taking to adapt to this industry and consumer dynamic, how we expect that to shape our full year results and what we think will be important actions for Kraft to drive sustainable profitable growth going forward. Now, I should hand it over to Teri to talk through the numbers. But before I do that, I'm going to talk about my excitement in our innovations. These are our team's response to consumer megatrends that are here to stay. Let's start with protein. Oscar Mayer P3 Portable Protein Packs continued to drive incremental growth by sourcing from new protein seekers. P3 is many of the most significant food trends we outlined at the beginning of the year, protein, snacking and simple ingredients. In cold cuts, our Oscar Mayer Deli Fresh BOLD line continues to bring excitement to the category, tapping into a trend inspired by millennials and multi-cultural consumers and that's demand for bolder, spicier flavors. While these consumers want more complex flavors, they also want simple ingredients and our BOLD varieties are made without artificial preservatives or artificial flavors. Moving to the dairy case, we're rejuvenating our Philadelphia soft Cream Cheese line with a renovation that's inspired by several of those same trends, simpler ingredient lines and more flavorful varieties. And this comes on the heels of another successful innovation, Kraft singles with no artificial preservatives. In coffee, we just completed the successful rollout of McCaf in Canada, and we're very excited about the US launch early next year of McCaf. And we continue to be very pleased with the ongoing success of our on-demand pods business. Given our agreement with Keurig Green Mountain that we announced in August, we'll have the opportunity for expanded distribution and increased capacity to supply multiple channels and on-demand formats. These innovations were all huge enablers in the quarter and point to the importance of continuing to contemporize our great brands. Now this is the right point for me to pass it on to Teri to discuss the key drivers of the third quarter and what we expect to see for the balance of the year. Teri?
Teri List-Stoll: Thanks, Tony. And by the way, I'm equally excited about the innovations as Tony is, but he is the CEO after all. Good afternoon, everyone. I want to just echo Tony's opening comments. While some aspects of our third quarter results were similar to what we saw in the second quarter and in the first half, we did see sequential improvement in certain areas that we find encouraging. Let's start with the topline and organic revenue growth. Yes, the environment remains challenging and rapid changes in consumer preferences and behavior persist. Despite this, we grew organic revenue approximately 1%. This is compared to a decline in the second quarter after adjusting for the benefit of the Easter shift. And Tony talked you through, our innovations and renovations continue to gain traction in the marketplace. These big bets, particularly the ones in meat, cheese and coffee not only help our topline growth, but they are the kinds of equity-building actions that help us to price when necessary to offset higher input costs. And we have priced aggressively in the face of what are truly unprecedented price levels in certain parts of our commodity basket. Importantly, over the course of the third quarter, our pricing actions really began to take hold. We've seen evidence of competitors also pricing to cover their higher commodity costs. We're experiencing elasticity impacts that are generally in line with or better than our expectations. We're pleased with the progress in those areas, but we're not yet where we want to be or expect to be in terms of performance versus the competition. Similar to the second quarter, we gained our health share in roughly 50% of our business, with much of the share weakness represented by categories with the most significant pricing activity, cheese, meat and roast-and-ground coffee. Now below the revenue line and excluding the effects of market-based impacts related to our post-employment benefit plans, our gross profit dollars were down mid single-digits versus the third quarter last year. Despite productivity benefits, the impact of lower volume mix continued to put pressure on our gross profit dollars and gross margin. Not surprisingly and again similar to the second quarter, lower volume mix in our cheese business where we've had increased prices the most was the biggest year-on-year driver. That being said, we've made meaningful progress on pricing net of commodity costs. In the third quarter, pricing net of commodity costs was $40 million unfavorable. That's about half the impact that we experienced in the second quarter. And we did this despite what have been highly volatile commodity prices, particularly in the butter and cheese markets, as well as the fact that we decided to spend back in select categories such as mac and cheese to defend market share. So on balance, we remain pleased with our PNOC discipline. Moving down the P&L and again excluding the effects of market-based impacts related to our post-employment benefit plans, the pressure we saw at the gross profit line was more than offset by a mid-teens percentage decline in SG&A. There were three main drivers to the reduction in SG&A expense. First, advertising was down meaningfully in the third quarter versus the prior year. Second and similar to the second quarter, consumer spending was lower as a result of lower in-store activity. And third, overhead expenses continued to come down. Of these three drivers for the first quarter in quite some time, advertising expense was the new factor and it was meaningfully lower than the prior year. So just let me take a little time to explain why. To a significant extent, this was due to comparisons. In the second half of last year, we were increasing our advertising quite aggressively, while we were reducing spending during the second half of this year. So third quarter year-over-year comparisons are more challenging. As a reference, our advertising spending levels in the third quarter of this year were well above double-digit percentages above pre-spin levels from the third quarter of 2012. Having said that, there are a couple of factors driving this year's trend. As we discussing on last quarter's call, we've been going back to make sure we're focusing on the most efficient highest return programming. We're not looking to drive down advertising costs per se. We're driving for improved advertising effectiveness. That is to reach the right consumer at the right time in the right medium with the right message. With this focus on effectiveness, we're also realizing meaningful efficiencies as we shift our spending to more targeted digital media. Let me give you some numbers. On a year-to-date basis after factoring in the benefit of efficiencies, our advertising is about flat versus last year. The composition however is very different. Traditional media is down double-digits, while digital offsets most of that. And in the third quarter, digital was over 35% of our total spend, up from about 25% a year ago. As we've talked about before, several of our most impactful initiatives this year have been entirely digital, Velveeta Cheesepocalypse response, ad support for specialty caf coffee pods and our buzz-worthy activations for Oscar Mayer bacon. At the same time, we need to maintain our discipline around fewer, bigger, better at a time when returns on advertising promotion are under pressure. For some of our businesses like meals and desserts where we're still developing investible plans to rejuvenate our brands, we're pulling back until we can generate good returns on the investment. For all these reasons, timing, efficiencies from the shift to digital and making sure we maintain discipline around return hurdles, our advertising expense in the third quarter was down significantly versus the prior year. In the end, the lower SG&A drove our operating income dollars up at a mid to high single-digit rate versus last year, excluding the market-based impacts related to post-employment benefit plans. Dropping down to the EPS line, on the same adjusted basis, we were up strong double-digits from the prior year with the additional help of some tax favorability. On the tax line, at about 26.5%, our effective tax rate was significantly lower than our expected run rate due to the realization of some discrete benefits we've been working on. So what does all of this mean for the year? It means that despite the fact that we continue to make progress overall, the impact of mixed execution in certain parts of our business means that we fell short on some of our key metrics. On the topline, while we have continued to drive for profitable growth, we expect organic revenue growth to lag the market this year. Versus the broader food and beverage industry through the first nine months of 2014, our organic revenues were flat versus the prior year and trailed industry growth of roughly 1.7%. Now that's mainly due to the fact that our volume growth has been meaningfully lower than the industry so far this year, as we've spent much of the year pricing aggressively to cover higher input costs. And we're experiencing softness in certain categories due to either lack of innovation or brand building activities. At the same time, we're seeing sequential improvement in organic growth from what was a bit of a decline in the second quarter excluding the Easter shift, to about 1 point of organic growth in this quarter and what we anticipate will be even higher organic growth in the fourth quarter. At the operating income line and excluding the effects of market-based impacts related to our post-employment benefit plans, we're up about 8% through nine months, while we're relatively flat when you strip out the benefits of lower spending and cost savings initiatives and unrealized hedging gains. We're expecting strong growth versus the prior year in the fourth quarter and we expect to see solid growth for the full year. But how are we getting there reflects a combination of our playbook at work and some mixed execution along the way. We expect to be down in terms of pricing net of commodity cost increases. As I said earlier, our pricing is stuck in areas like cheese and meat and we're now seeing competitors move to offset their costs, but we likely will get to even this year. But in certain categories, we've had to spend back to defend market share in the absence of investment-ready brand-building ideas, which we expect to have in place next year. In productivity, we expect gross just shy of 4%, which will still be industry leading. But despite the fact that we're back in the range of 2% in the third quarter, our net productivity is likely to be in 1.5% to 2% range for the year, short of our 2.5% ongoing target. There are two reasons for this shortfall. One is the set of execution missteps we've talked about before, a combination of recalls and higher-than-anticipated startup costs related to our innovation and renovation initiatives this year. The second reason is industry-wide logistics headwinds we're seeing heading into the end of the year, which could translate into higher logistics costs. Now while not material from the full year perspective, from where we stand today, there's simply not enough time for us to offset these costs within the 2014 fiscal year. At the overhead line, we expect to see continued progress for the year, keeping costs flat to down despite some significant investments to build the new marketing capabilities that we talked about in the September back-to-school conference. For the second year in a row, we are realizing the tail benefits as we true up experience in our medical and benefit plans after our early retirement plan and workforce reductions. And at the advertising line, we expect spending to be lower this year, reflecting a combination of the efficiency gains and the targeted cuts I mentioned earlier. In the end, we still expect EPS to be consistent with the initial expectations. This is one of the twists and turns that Tony referenced. In that, we expect to get there through a combination of the growth from operations I just described as well as a lower-than-expected tax rate. I view this benefit as a great example of total cost management. In this case, we've been able to leverage tax favorability for the flexibility to focus on profitable growth versus volume for volume's sake. Excluding the effect of market-based impacts to our post-employment benefit plans, our tax rate is likely to fall below the 34% run rate we would expect on a going basis. We expect that we'll end up somewhere closer to 32% for the full year. The downside of this is that it will put some pressure on our free cash flow productivity as the realization of tax favorability doesn't always translate into free cash flow in the same year. And together with some working capital pressure, we're likely to end the year with free cash flow productivity in the range of 70% to 80% of net income, certainly well $1 billion, but below our 90% ongoing target. So that's all we expect for this year. Clearly it remains a difficult environment and we clearly missed the market with execution in some areas, but we've done a good job protecting the investments that are working and we have very good visibility on what needs to be fixed to drive profitable growth in the future, which is a good point for me to hand it back to Tony to talk about our path forward into next year.
Tony Vernon: Thanks, Teri. I wanted to close out today by providing some perspective on what we think will be important to driving sustainable profitable growth going forward. To fulfill our long-term potential, there are three areas on which we need to focus going forward. The first is execution. We've put a playbook in place to ensure that we're well positioned to innovate and evolve with the times rather than fall into some of the costly traps that we've all seen over the years. And we've shown over the past two years that our playbook helps to drive profitable growth when and where we execute with discipline. But as we've seen this year, more consistent execution is critical as we move forward. For instance, while we continue to lead the industry in gross productivity, our organization is focused on net productivity. That's because this is what matters to the P&L. Every Kraft employee including and especially me owns this. And where we need to make changes to ensure a better execution, we have and we will do the right thing. Second, we recognize and are embracing the rapid changes we're seeing in consumer behavior. This time last year, we were all talking about the challenges of strapped consumers, for example, with cuts being made to the SNAP program and how that might affect consumption going forward. This past February at the CAGNY Conference, we talked about something broader and more profound on unprecedented confluence factors that would have the potential to change the way we operate for years and perhaps for decades to come. We called it the Cs of Change. At the center of it all, consumers with new emerging cohorts who have a whole new set of expectations of food and beverages and companies that make and deliver them. Our customers are coming to terms with changing shopping patterns and channel shifting and the rise of digital media driving the need for new communication tools and capabilities. It is clear that this is not a one-time market shift. This is a transformative time in our industry. It is also clear that this is pressuring returns on traditional advertising and promotion. So we will continue to focus our spending to develop and execute our best most investible ideas and ensure that we're living our mantra of fewer, bigger, better to enable this. We're reinventing marketing by building a new infrastructure that can effectively harness data, which we talked about this past September at back-to-school. Achieving brand ubiquity across channels remains another key opportunity. We've improved our representation in growing channels such as dollar and club. In fact, our growth in non-traditional channels is 8% year-to-date, some five to seven times that of total US retail. But there is more work and more opportunity in front of us. We need to pay for it all by living total cost management. We will continue to find the path to ensure that we're leveraging our scale. And as one of the biggest players in North America, we'll continue to redefine the standard for our lean organization design to grow. As Teri laid out in February and as we talked about on today's call, we'll continue to take an enterprise view of total cost management. From trade spending to taxes, we need to look at everything. From a consumer lens, we need to remove every inefficiency that creates costs, that moms are not willing to pay for. The third area of focus is that we continue to proactively evolve our strategy to ensure we're well positioned to drive profitable growth over the long term. Make no mistake, we continue to believe that job one for Kraft is growing our great brands and our great people enabled by our lean operating model. The hallmark of every great team and every great company is that they make the right adjustments at the right time. We are going to embrace the emerging megatrends by taking a 20,000 foot view of our business, to assess whether there is more we can do to win on a more consistent basis. These are our consumers. We can lead here. The megatrends we're all seeing are an opportunity for Kraft to leverage our brands, focus our innovation efforts and agile digital marketing capabilities to provide meal solutions to growing cohorts, millenials, Hispanics and value-driven consumers. Again, we are going to take out the inefficiency that moms will not pay for and identify and act on opportunities that drive operational excellence. At the time of a spin and in the two years since we became an independent company, we've looked to own our own destiny by evolving our strategy to drive profitable growth. And this discipline is an important part of staying true to that commitment. We expect to come back with our thoughts in early 2015. So in closing, we've made progress, but we're clearly focused on the work that needs to be done to deliver the year and fulfill our mission to deliver long-term profitable growth. And now I'll turn it back to Chris Jakubik.
Chris Jakubik: Thanks, Tony. Before we begin the Q&A, I'd like to take a minute to thank Doug DuMars for all his good work in Investor Relations and wish him well as he takes on a new assignment at Kraft. As many of you know, Doug has been part of the team since we launched the new Kraft Foods. Behind the scenes, he has consistently been grazed under pressure. And I'm sure you'll agree he is a great person to work with. Doug's next assignment will bring him back to the work of creating real value and building brands where he'll be working on the Kraft master brand team and our enhancers business. Please join me in wishing Doug all the best, and I would be happy to take your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Matthew Grainger from Morgan Stanley.
Matthew Grainger - Morgan Stanley: Tony, just first I wanted to ask about the promotional environment and you've called out a couple of categories where you are pretending to defend market share and it doesn't come as a surprise based on the data we're seeing. But I always your perspective just from a 20,000 foot view. So could you talk about what you've seen from retailers and from competitors during the third quarter? Has the frequency moderated or simply remained the same and not worsened? And how has your behavior modified relative to the couponing and the promotional issues you had in the second quarter?
Tony Vernon: I think the industry behavior has moderated somewhat, but we're still up a bit in quarter three. We were up a bit due to the innovation pipeline we mentioned and some select share defends like Kraft macaroni and cheese. I think in general, Matt, in the absence of brand building, innovation and renovation that drive profitable growth, Chris always calls this a prisoner's dilemma. And someone is likely to go back to promotion and price. That's why we talk and are so focused on our playbook. As to couponing, I've been accused of taking you down a rabbit hole in last quarter's call. The trend I was speaking to and driving that rabbit hole was the consumers' ability to stack trade offers and coupon offers and loyalty cards and all the things that lower price in-store. I think we've done a better job in the third quarter. And I think in general, this is a broader industry issue that we're all getting after.
Matthew Grainger - Morgan Stanley: On the restructuring expenses for the nine months, I guess, have been lower than we would have expected. Are there any targets you can share for us in terms of where you expected to come in for the full year and whether we should still expect it to normalize I suppose to $125 million or so next year?
Teri List-Stoll: Yes. We're still exactly there. We still expect it to be in the range of $125 million to $150 million is what we expect.
Matthew Grainger - Morgan Stanley: $125 million for 2014 or just long term?
Teri List-Stoll: For 2014. We haven't gotten any more specific on 2015, but that is kind of the goal and assumption.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alexia Howard from Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein: Can I turn to the meals and dessert segment? In general, it seems to me that the chilled products like cheese and meat fit better into the new consumer landscape that you described than some of the meals and dessert products and maybe powdered beverages as well. So how do those high-margin products fit into this new world? And what's your strategy for dealing with them? Are you going to do more in way of investments, renovation, promotion, innovation, or are there some cases when you may have to manage in terms of cash and perhaps raised prices? And then how do you ensure that you're going to get adequate return on that investment?
Tony Vernon: Great question, Alexia. Some people have put this in perimeter of the store versus the center of the store frame. It's no coincidence that our protein offerings like meat, cheese, nuts are doing quite well. There is a wind at the back in those categories. They are in the perimeter of the store. We've executed our playbook quite well across those businesses, even with higher commodity costs. That said, we have an obligation to the center of the store and the great brands we have in them to execute the playbook equally well. And we think we can contemporize our offerings in meals and desserts to address the center of the store lack of traffic. We think we owe that to our retailers and to these brands. It's interesting, two years ago, meals was actually a very vital segment for our retailers and us with Velveeta innovating, with mac and cheese doing well, with some of our competitors innovating. I think we all got away from the power of these brands to contemporize. And I think you're going to see a rebound.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jonathan Feeney from Athlos Research.
Jonathan Feeney - Athlos Research: Tony, you talked a lot and probably before anybody about how hard things were for the US consumer, what that would mean for the center store. And now I look since August, gas prices are plummeting. After Q4, we've lapped the SNAP cuts. Food costs outside of unfortunately to [ph] maintain coffee will be coming down somewhat significantly. We're now into '15, which should still help the consumer wallet a little bit. So are there any places you have a reason to hope that maybe the consumer will be better? Or alternatively are a lot of these lack of promotional effectiveness, I mean how much of this is just macro driven that people want to behave the way they always had historically? It's just the ones who ordinarily would have done all that activity stock up, impulse, whatever, just didn't have any money in their pocket?
Tony Vernon: My economic forecasting abilities are questionable, I would say. But I think we're talking about a consumer, the 10% of households that make $50,000 a year or less are still quite strapped. And yes, I'm hoping the same response to gas that we saw four years ago. The reality is gas prices, they're down in Philadelphia, Jonathan, but they're still $3.39 in Chicago. I will say, from your mouth to God's ears, I hope that the consumer who is raising most of the families in America have the opportunity to invest in food with these declining gas prices.
Jonathan Feeney - Athlos Research: But it sounds like that's not your operational assumption that a lot of the decreased promotional activity is really just other factors. It doesn't really sound like a lot of what's been going on is macro in your opinion. Forget about the forecasting. Just what you see as far as the correlations over the past 18 months?
Tony Vernon: I think it's about the ability of brands that are in the center of the food store to contemporize and offer consumers these new cohorts that are growing, what they want in those brands. And I point to what we've done on cheese and meat and nuts and coffee and what the industry has done frankly and say we know how to do this. I think it's focusing on the center of store brands to now get into those growing consumer cohorts.
Jonathan Feeney - Athlos Research: You mentioned 8% growth in non-traditional as a whole. It's pretty impressive. Can you give me a sense of how big those channels are now in aggregate for you, not individually, but all of them together?
Tony Vernon: We haven't published that. You guys have written on this beautifully. We're still beneath our fair share, but I think industry percent when you add those all through channels is in 10% to 15% range.
Jonathan Feeney - Athlos Research: And you're a little below that?
Tony Vernon: Yeah.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bryan Spillane from Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane - Bank of America: I've got two questions, the first, Tony, for you. You've mentioned execution in your prepared remarks and there being some missteps. Can you talk a little bit more about just what you have done or what's been done up to now to change those execution or fix the execution issues, so that we could have some confidence that they don't repeat again next year?
Tony Vernon: You bet. Just to put the headline on it, these are product quality recalls and startup challenges as we optimized our network, especially in cheese. It's important that you recognize that every recall, and I think there were six in the last 18 months, was a voluntary decision made by Kraft employees, a reflection of a quality culture, lean, Six Sigma where personal responsibilities are expected from everyone. We're going to do the right thing, whatever happens, but to address it we're adding quality experts across the organization. We're increasing the frequency of our audits. We're making sure that we become very criteria-driven and not schedule or launch-driven, which can have people doing something that doesn't optimize the network. So it is a huge focus of ours and we'll always fall on the side of doing the right thing.
Bryan Spillane - Bank of America: At this point, do you feel like you've done enough to get some confidence that we won't be back in that cycle again next year?
Tony Vernon: Yeah, this is a land of relentless measurement and continuous improvement. And it's always a journey when you're making food to make sure that you're consistently seeking root causes and improving every day.
Bryan Spillane - Bank of America: Teri, just to follow up on some of the pieces you put together for us on the profit metrics for this year, can you correct me if I'm wrong, but it sounds like in terms of the falling short on net productivity this year and maybe just kind of where we stand on gross margins so far year-to-date, a lot of this stuff has already happened. So I guess I kind of get the sense that as we look into fourth quarter and then getting into next year, it should get closer to what the plan is supposed to be as opposed to some of the things that have fallen off. Is that the right way to look at it?
Teri List-Stoll: Yeah, I think that's largely correct. We're certainly seeing progress on the net productivity line. The good thing is, as we said, the gross line has been fairly consistent and best in industry. So that always gives us the confidence that we have the ideas and the savings there. It is the executional misstreps, both the recalls that Tony just talked about. But the one that lingers on a bit is some of these startup issues will not be fully fixed, but they're certainly diminished as we go through the year. So you're right. As we get into the fourth quarter, we should be back to more normalized net productivity absent these new kind of emerging cost trends that we need to deal with. But for the most part, we do expect that we're seeing the progress improvement and we'll get back there.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Lazar from Barclays.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays: I'm still not totally sure why the year-over-year change in gross margin, I guess, declined sequentially from the second quarter when you had more pricing coming through and your productivity I think seemed like it was better in the third quarter at least than it was in the second quarter. So perhaps a little bit of help there would be good.
Teri List-Stoll: Andrew, we can come back to you in more detail. But I think what you're really seeing is a lot of volatility, particularly in the cheese area. We priced early based on expectations and there was continued volatility. So some of those commodity trends didn't move in a normalized curve like we would expect. We will get there over time, but I think any one quarter is probably too short to be able to look and see the sequential improvement you're looking for. But if you dig into it, you do see the productivity you described, but the pricing a commodity still isn't sufficient. And you have to remember we look at it more on gross margin dollars. As you're pricing for commodities, of course you're going to get a little compression in the margin percentage.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays: Tony, last quarter, you talked openly about some certain segments where you got caught up in either discounting or promotional activity that you didn't want to repeat, kind of went against or counter to what Kraft sort of more, let's say, return-focused or cash-oriented sort of model is meant to be. It's always a little bit tough to tell from the outside, but do you feel like in this quarter you've moved past that? And if so, what metric would I look at to feel more comfortable about that? Or are there still areas maybe where you're not exactly where you want to be on that front? Folks maybe questioned sort of a discipline around what Kraft's operating model was supposed to be from the outset and last quarter was supposed to be just a one-off, and I'm just trying to get a sense if that was the case?
Tony Vernon: Yeah, I think we got better, Andrew. We're still seeing some effect in Q3 around coupon stacking and trade offers, but not enough to call it out as we did in the second quarter. We certainly instill the discipline here to look at every event and every retailer request, because as you know, this is a negotiation, and our retailers are serving a strapped consumer base and cents off matters. But I think we've imposed good discipline and I think you're going to continue to see it improve.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Katzman from Deutsche Bank.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Teri, maybe just to add on to the net productivity figure coming in below plan, I think you also mentioned industry logistics headwinds. It doesn't sound like something that you can control. What are you referring to and how long is that development likely to be a headwind?
Teri List-Stoll: I wish I could answer the latter part of your question. The former part is it's kind of emerging. We're seeing some escalation in pricing there, which I think is largely a function of supply and demand for drivers frankly. I think there is a lot of demand for transportation and the driver shortage is putting a little pressure on the cost. So it's an emerging impact. We don't know exactly how significant it will be and/or how long it will last. But just given where we are heading into the fourth quarter, if it ends up being significant, ability to offset that in a short timeframe is pretty limited.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: And if I could just follow up on a different point on the free cash flow, last quarter I was a bit worried about the numbers not pointing to a good full year. It sounds like that is in fact the case. I understand the working capital part of that eventually coming back next year maybe when you get the pricing. Is the low tax rate this quarter kind of a deferred tax negative to your cash flow, and that's also you plan to reverse next year? Is that what you were referring to?
Teri List-Stoll: Those discrete items' impact can take a variety of forms, but they don't typically come back in terms of cash certainly in the period. I don't want to go into a lot of specifics of what kind of was built into that number, but we do we expect as we go forward, as you said, to really be focusing on the working capital components, inventory in particularly. About a third of the inventory build is purely a function of higher commodity costs, but there are some builds in there as well that we're going to be working very aggressively to bring down. And then the other part is there are some non-cash components of earnings, even beyond the tax line. So it's kind of a tough one. If you go back and look historically, as we certainly have been, there is a fair amount of volatility in free cash flow productivity. And the fourth quarter is a very big cash quarter for us. So we'll be focused on it. We feel very confident that we can get back to the 90% target on a going basis, but we can't overcome some of these events we're seeing so far this year.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Baumgartner from Wells Fargo.
John Baumgartner - Wells Fargo: Tony, (inaudible) go through activity to drive the business. And I guess given the weakness in meals and desserts in your comments there about reassessing, brand building, could you speak more to that and maybe just what surprised you about these categories? And then just big picture, you mentioned about being nimble in course correction. Can you envision a scenario where you'd reinvest less than $0.50 of the cost savings dollar if this environment doesn't improve?
Tony Vernon: Take this comment about investible ideas as investible ideas based on margin materiality, momentum and message. What we need to contemporize and to drive the consumer back to those shelves, because I don't think it's a question of pulling support for mac and cheese in the long term. It's making sure that the ideas are driving profitable incremental category growth for us and our retailers. Now your question about the portfolio as a whole, I think different brands play different portfolio roles. We've talked to you about how much successful we've become in bacon using digital marketing versus traditional broadcast media. And I think we can look at that across our portfolio and it may affect levels of spending that you've typically looked at as share of voice. We got to look at now the addressable impact of our spending as opposed to just a broadcast media number. But each brand in our portfolio, I think, has a distinct role and laying that out is important to how we drive profitable growth.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Zaslow from Bank of Montreal.
Ken Zaslow - Bank of Montreal: Do you think the number of businesses you have make it more challenging to have a laser focus that you want to have on each business? And is there an opportunity or benefit to maybe extracting some businesses away from your portfolio and being able to really focus on certain businesses? For example, cheese used to be something that you used to be very proud of and said, hey, we're able to excel there. Now you have execution issues. How do you think about that?
Tony Vernon: First thing I'd say is we're still incredibly of cheese and it's on a five-year trend that continues to be great and frankly is central to Kraft in the future. I don't think that the breadth of our portfolio is a disadvantage. I think it's about ideas and people that drive brands. So I've been pretty consistent in saying we love all of our brands. That doesn't mean we don't look at other options and consider whether someone might do a better job on a brand or two. But the reality is today we think this is a great portfolio and creates advantage for us.
Ken Zaslow - Bank of Montreal: If taxes normalize in 2015, will you recapture the profit lost this quarter to reestablish your growth in 2015? Is that the way to look at it, or is the tax implication for next year just kind of rebasing your numbers for next year as well? I just didn't what you're thinking on that.
Teri List-Stoll: No, we wouldn't think about the taxes on the quarter as a rebasing. So it was fortuitous in some respects, but it provided us the flexibility to make some other good long-term choices. A lot of the gaps come from the things we've been talking about in terms of executional missteps, and we would expect to fix those.
Ken Zaslow - Bank of Montreal: So your operational profit next year should eventually restore your long-term growth targets, is that fair?
Teri List-Stoll: That's fair.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Palmer - RBC.
David Palmer - RBC: Just one question on meats and cheese. The competition was lagging behind your price increases last quarter. And you said on this call there's been evidence of pricing by competitors, but it sounds like they may have been slow to follow through the quarter. Could you give us a sense on how the competitor pricing evolved through the quarter and are they all caught up in both of those categories?
Teri List-Stoll: I think in both those categories, we have seen more following during the quarter. In meats area, some of it was not in July-September, but was in October, they had some committed promotions which I think held them back a little bit longer than we might have normally expected. So I don't have the exact percentage of following, but I think for the most part, we're getting good following and about the time lags we would normally expect.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Driscoll from Citi Research.
David Driscoll - Citi Research: Year-to-date operating profit is, I think, about 24.81%. It's up about $183 million year-on-year. However, restructuring expenditures are down $194 million. Thus all of the operating profit growth is restructuring-driven. On the surface, this seems concerning. I recognize that you guys have said that you're on plan and delivering, but I'd like to hear your take on these figures and what the implications are for the future as won't these restructuring expenses have to go back up to keep delivering on the productivity.
Teri List-Stoll: As we mentioned earlier, we do expect our restructuring spend to be in the $125 million to $150 million range that we had projected at the beginning of the year. And so you'll see the uptick of that in the fourth quarter. I think a lot of what you're seeing in the operating income, the flatness when you normalize everything, is a function of the commodity costs and the volatility there to put the pricing in place and you have a bit of a lag effect before you get those completely matched up and then this lag in productivity as we have these executional missteps bringing our net productivity down below our going rate. So we continue to believe that as we address both of those issues, we'll be back to the patterns of growth that we would expect.
David Driscoll - Citi Research: Was any missed opportunity or can Kraft build the business inside the company organically similar to this to capture those trends in that hard-to-reach organic channel?
Tony Vernon: I think you've asked a great question and I think you've answered it. I believe the latter. It's interesting to look at brands we have like Back to Nature that have some significant distribution in that organic mac and cheese area in key accounts and are doing very well and doing very well versus all mac and cheeses. So we do really think that we've got some great brand names in our own stable that can accomplish those things. We've said before, David, that we'll look at everything however and talk about nothing until it happens.
Teri List-Stoll: If you're asking specifically about the fourth quarter, the thing I would remind you of is that we are anniversarying a fairly low period, which of course gives us a pretty strong growth percentage as well as we'll have at that point a better match between pricing and commodities. So the combination of those two things is what gives us confidence that you'll see a very strong profit quarter for the fourth.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Moskow from Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: A broader question for you, Tony. You spoke broadly about a new set of consumers. I think you're talking about millenials and it's a growing cohort and may have different demands. As you look at your portfolio, though, I see a lot of brands that I would consider antiquated and despite your best efforts it's going to be hard to get those consumers to buy them. So have you looked through your portfolio and determined what percentage you're going to have trouble meeting the needs of those consumers?
Tony Vernon: I'm a believer. There are no such things as mature brands and it's all about energetic idea-driven marketers. It's all about ideas in people. And when you think about it, would you have guessed that Velveeta would have had the five-year run it's had in the face of millenials? I mean it continues to delight. It's the superball item of choices as laid out by John Stuart? But if you look to the data, you'd say it's one of the oldest brands in Kraft, right? So when I look at an A1 or a Shake'N Bake or a JELL-O, I say it's our job to contemporize the ceremony of those great brands. They actually play to the preparation of the new millennial, right? A Latina mom was making a dessert for her kid. JELL-O is a perfect fit. We just got to take advantage of where the cohorts are going with our proprietary ideas.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Are you sure about that? I mean you've been banging your head against the wall on JELL-O for a while and there must be others like that. So it just seems like there should be some new thinking around what is worth investing in and what's not. And when you talk about it in that context, it feels like everything is worth investing in.
Tony Vernon: Well, I do think portfolio decisions about distortion should follow those four Ms in the model that we've talked about. We've been pretty transparent with where we think our playbook is working and where it hasn't. And I think if we all look back and said, wow, cheese, meat, nuts and coffee, you succeeded on over a number of years. Those might not have been the ones you picked based on where we thought consumers were going or age of brands. But I do think you're right. I always say we're going to be very transparent about what we're doing well and what we're not and we're going to urge our people and our groups to pursue the investible ideas.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Growe from Stifel.
Chris Growe - Stifel: I just had two follow-ons if I could please. I guess the first one for Terry, in relation to gross profit dollars, they were down in the quarter. And I guess just using the figures you've given for PNOC in the quarter, even assuming you were to able to fully price in cash for the cost, your gross profit dollars still were down. Is that defining the mis-execution? Is that the main driver of the gross profit dollar weakness in the quarter?
Teri List-Stoll: It is if you think about the productivity benefits we realized being a bit short of our going target. That is a big piece of what is there in addition to the PNOC.
Chris Growe - Stifel: In relation to some of the mis-execution issues, are the costs in place and maybe it's capital and it's people to fix those issues, is that still an ongoing incremental factor for your earnings in, say, the fourth quarter?
Teri List-Stoll: We will have some investments, as Tony talked, as we increase our audits, increase our resourcing against some of this process discipline work. There could be a little bit of an uptick. But for the full year, we do expect our SG&A trends to still be down.
Chris Growe - Stifel: In relation to the productivity savings, gross productivity, as you said, has been still relatively stronger on 4% and the net is a little lower. So is the hope that with PNOC mostly hopefully gets to a balanced position, mis-execution maybe those costs go away that you'll sustain that sort of 4% growth, but maybe more like 2.5% net. Is that sort of the general outlook for 2015?
Teri List-Stoll: We're not in a position to give a lot of specificity around 2015. But yes, that's the fundamental model.
Operator: Our final question comes from Jason English from Goldman Sachs.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs: I want to go back to Mr. Driscoll's comment about underlying segment EBIT has been disappointing. I think it's down around 4% year-to-date and something that fell short of our expectations this quarter. With the offsets really being some of these other non-operating expenses, pension being an income this year, restructuring expense falling a little short, it's creating a lot of volatility in just trying to how to forecast this. So can you give us some more color on what you expect from pension income this year? I guess you already commented on restructuring and the guidance to roughly $80 million or so in the fourth quarter. In any other puts and takes below sort of a clean segment EBIT that we should be considering?
Teri List-Stoll: I think we tried to walk through the pieces as clearly as we could. You're right there are a lot of puts and takes. The benefit cost is the piece that's probably relatively new. And we haven't quantified those and in fact we don't even have a full visibility to those until we get through some of the re-measurements that come from those benefit plans, as you can well imagine. But I don't think there is anything extraordinary beyond what we took you through in the script. But we're happy to sit down with you after this call and answer any specific questions you might have.
Chris Jakubik: From an EBIT perspective, nine months, when you back up the market-based impacts and what not on the post-retirement benefits, the hedging impacts and you add in the cost savings initiative spending or not, we're flat to up. So when you think about as we get to the fourth quarter and as Terry talked about earlier, combination of pricing, better matching costs and better matching competition as well as the comparisons that we have vis--vis Q4 from a growth rate perspective, I think we'll get where we talked about. But again, I'll follow up with you after the call.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs: Tony, you mentioned gas prices four years ago, you'd love to see what happened then happen again. Remind us what happened last year and if it were to repeat, what are the implications for your business?
Tony Vernon: Well, there was a blip as gas prices went down to those retailers that you typically drive to and you saw changes in some of the key retailers' trend lines based on gas prices. So you get some pantry load benefit, right? You're talking about people who have enough money to drive their minivan to mass merchandiser and fill it up and fill it up with hopefully groceries and not TV sets.
Operator: Thank you. I would now like to turn the call back to Chris Jakubik for any further remarks.
Chris Jakubik: Thanks very much and thank for joining us on the call today. For the analysts who have follow-up questions, Doug DuMars and myself will be around to take the questions. And for anybody from the media, Tony Ryan Basil Maglaris will be around to take any questions if you have them. Thanks very much for joining us and have a great evening.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude today's program. You may all disconnect. Everyone, have a good day.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-30 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Tony Vernon - CEO Teri List-Stoll - EVP and CFO Christopher Jakubik - IR
Analysts: Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Vishal Patel - BMO Capital Markets Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital Matthew Grainger - Morgan Stanley Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein David Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets Inc. David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets Jonathan Feeney - Athlos Research Christopher Growe - Stifel Nicolaus Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank John Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities Diane Geissler - CLSA
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Kraft Foods Incorporated report Second Quarter Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. Id now like to introduce your host for todays conference Chris Jakubik, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Christopher Jakubik: Good afternoon. Thanks for joining our business update for the second quarter of 2014. With me today are Tony Vernon, our CEO; and Teri List-Stoll, our CFO. During our remarks, we will make some forward-looking statements that are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ due to risks and uncertainties and these are discussed in our press release. We'll also be referring to some non-GAAP financial measures during the call today, and you can find the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our press release and in the Investor Center of kraftfoodsgroup.com. Now, I'll hand it over to Tony and Teri to discuss our second quarter results, as well as the current state of our business.
Tony Vernon: Thanks, Chris, and thanks everyone for joining us today. Hopefully youve had a chance to review our financials and the press release we issued about an hour ago. As expected our quarter two results were driven by the shift in Easter-related shipments to the second quarter this year as well as the implementation of some significant pricing actions across a good portion of our portfolio. Kraft the second quarter brought a rare confluence of activity. We appropriately addressed rising commodity costs with price increases on 50% of our portfolio, the right move for the long-term. But in the short-term we took those actions in the face of an intensely promotional holiday quarter with the late Easter, Memorial Day and July 4th add periods. When you combine that with our retail customers need to market and price aggressively, the strapped families across America. You have the recipe for an increase in trade spending versus the second quarter of last year and that indeed is what happened. We also saw mixed execution in certain parts of the business, which held back our potential year-to-date. We will talk more about that in a moment. That being said, were on track for another solid year of growth and earnings and cash flow consistent with what we initially laid out to you in early February. As youve heard, from almost every one of our peers, the ability to drive profitable growth in the food and beverage industry is challenged by a number of headwinds. For Kraft we remain focused on executing against our playbook. And today we will provide more details on whats working, what needs improving and what were doing about it. We will start with our financials. And Ill turn it over to Teri, to talk you through the results we just reported and where we stand versus our goals for the year.
Teri List-Stoll: Thanks, Tony, and good afternoon, everyone. Let me start by briefly building on Tonys comments regarding our second quarter results. Organic net revenue was up 1.5, reflected the expected benefit of the Easter shift, but also combined softness as we implemented significant pricing in response to input cost increases. On the profit side, when we take out the market based impacts from post-retirement plans in last years numbers as well as the change in spending on cost savings initiatives and the unrealized gains and losses from hedging in both years, thats the way most of you look at it. Three things, gross profit dollars were down as the significant run up in input costs outpace the pricing and productivity benefits we realized today. Operating income dollars were up mid single-digits as we continue to deliver progress in overhead. And our earnings were relatively flat versus the prior year largely due to an unfavorable tax impact. As we said on our first quarter call, our first half results will be a much better indictor of where we stand against our expectations and our industry then looking at either quarter one or quarter two in isolation. So in the interest of time and relevance, were going to focus our upfront comments today on our first half results.
aggressively in the: We responded with price increases of between 5% and 12% across most of our cheese portfolio. These actions took effect at the end of March and we are seeing competitors priced off at the run up in their input costs on a typical lagged basis. And in meat, beef, turkey, and pork prices for our cold cuts have continued to increase and are at record high as we speak. If you remember from our last call, Oscar Mayer announced pricing across approximately 50% of its cold cuts portfolio with an average increase of 10%. And that was effective May 25th. As of today competitors have not yet moved in a material way to offset their costs, but it's still early by historical standards. On a year-to-date basis, we have implemented or announced price increases on products representing approximately half of our portfolio and for almost 20% of our portfolio we had the increased prices at a double-digit rate. As a result, weve seen some dislocation in market share and growth versus the broader industry year-to-date. Let me give you some numbers that characterize the impact. Let's start with market share. Through the first half, we continue to gain or hold share in roughly 60% of our business on a trailing 52 week and year-to-date basis. But that number slipped to almost 50% in quarter two and the recent slippage is primarily attributable to the categories where weve taken pricing. As far as growth versus the broader food and beverage industry, year-to-date, our 40 basis point decline in organic growth is trailing industry growth of roughly 1.5% and thats mainly due to weakness in some of our meals and dessert and beverages category. So in terms of our goal to deliver profitable growth at or above industry levels, we have had an uphill climb on the growth element so far this year. But we do expect to make up ground as we get pass the near-term dislocation of leading and some very significant pricing actions that are absolutely critical in light of the commodity cost increases we are facing. Having said that, we continue to feel good about the profitable part of the equation. That is our ability to manage total costs through pricing, productivity savings, and smart spending and SG&A over the course of the year, and still deliver against our long-term profit growth algorithm. While the external environment, it has no doubt created challenges so far this year. Weve created some of our own obstacles. When we take a close look in the mirror, its clear our report card is mixed from an operating perspective during the first half of the year and its held back our potential in terms of sales and profits. On the positive side, when weve executed well, we're seeing progress in the innovation and renovation area on a launch today basis. Were doing well on the distribution and consumption metrics we track. With all the pricing we're putting in place the price elasticity with experience today has been in line to better than we expected. And importantly weve been more successful where we have priced with product news. For example, Deli Fresh BOLD lunch meats and Kraft singled with no artificial preservative. That being said, weve more work to do. For instance, in a couple of our businesses, meals and desserts and parts of beverages, we relied more on promotional and coupon activity in the second quarter that wed want to, a promotional trap thats bitten many in our industry. In this environment, it is easy to fall prey to price discounting as a way to sell a temporary short fall in gross revenue or volume and to look to get a short-term boost in productivity from the volume leverage that occurs in the plan. But these activities can hold us back in our ability to realize the benefits of our PNOC or pricing net of commodity costs discipline. Year-to-date were negative in this area. And the main reason were a bit off track is due to the factors that I cited where we over relied on promotion. The other area where I would say we need to improve is process discipline, as we balance major renovation work with ongoing day-to-day operational excellence. As we talk to you about before, we must become more agile in our operations. This is not only in terms of managing the seas of change that weve talked about, but also in our base operations, including the start up of new initiatives, both renovation and innovation. We continue to invest in our people to develop capabilities across all facets of our business, from marketing through to operations, and we continue to build the profit discipline, that's the foundation of our lean six sigma efforts. But we are not where we need to be as evidenced by some of our start up issues and the product recalls weve had over the past six months. None of them individually has been of a size to have a material impact on our overall enterprise wide results versus the prior year. And in each case, we identify the issue, analyzed the root cause and have recovered quickly. But it has impacted us financially in a sense that theyve taken away from our potential sales, potential profits and hurt our net productivity. Here are some numbers. In the second quarter, we booked recall costs of just over $10 million. However, when we step back and we estimate the total cost of the recalls weve seen this year, including opportunity costs like lost sales, its more like 3 to 4 times that impact to the potential top line and operating income we could have generated. Given these factors, its not surprising were running a bit behind our ongoing 2.5% annual net productivity target so far this year. And its entirely due to the challenges weve had balancing major renovation and ongoing manufacturing excellence initiatives. Great companies can drive change and maintain world class performance at the same time, and we need to do better here. Now both of these impacts the PNAC and the productivity are imminently fixable. And were doing the right thing to make up lost ground as we progress through the year. In fact, as we look at the first half of the year, despite some lost potential, our first half results are consistent with the first half; second half seasonality weve described in the past. That is roughly half of our sales and a bit more than half of our earnings coming in the first half of the year. And as we look at the second half, its more the unforeseen external factors that could take us off track somewhere we stand today. For example like a need to take significant additional price increases and the temporary dislocation that goes along with them late in the year or further escalation in promotional activity in the industry. Let me close by talking about cash, as always, a significant area of focus for us. Our free cash flow for the first six months was just over $450 million, up double-digits. We did have a significant increase in inventory levels largely from rising input costs. While we were coming out from low inventory base at the end of last year, this remains an area of focus for us. However, that was more than offset by the benefit of lower pension contribution as we continue to sustain a comfortable funded status of our plans. Net, were fully on track with cash year-to-date and in a cash is king type of business. That's a number were feeling really good about right now. So overall, we remain focused on delivering against the goals for 2014 that we provided to you in early February even in the face of what has been a very difficult operating environment, which is a good point for me to hand it back to Tony.
space: We responded with price increases of between 5% and 12% across most of our cheese portfolio. These actions took effect at the end of March and we are seeing competitors priced off at the run up in their input costs on a typical lagged basis. And in meat, beef, turkey, and pork prices for our cold cuts have continued to increase and are at record high as we speak. If you remember from our last call, Oscar Mayer announced pricing across approximately 50% of its cold cuts portfolio with an average increase of 10%. And that was effective May 25th. As of today competitors have not yet moved in a material way to offset their costs, but it's still early by historical standards. On a year-to-date basis, we have implemented or announced price increases on products representing approximately half of our portfolio and for almost 20% of our portfolio we had the increased prices at a double-digit rate. As a result, weve seen some dislocation in market share and growth versus the broader industry year-to-date. Let me give you some numbers that characterize the impact. Let's start with market share. Through the first half, we continue to gain or hold share in roughly 60% of our business on a trailing 52 week and year-to-date basis. But that number slipped to almost 50% in quarter two and the recent slippage is primarily attributable to the categories where weve taken pricing. As far as growth versus the broader food and beverage industry, year-to-date, our 40 basis point decline in organic growth is trailing industry growth of roughly 1.5% and thats mainly due to weakness in some of our meals and dessert and beverages category. So in terms of our goal to deliver profitable growth at or above industry levels, we have had an uphill climb on the growth element so far this year. But we do expect to make up ground as we get pass the near-term dislocation of leading and some very significant pricing actions that are absolutely critical in light of the commodity cost increases we are facing. Having said that, we continue to feel good about the profitable part of the equation. That is our ability to manage total costs through pricing, productivity savings, and smart spending and SG&A over the course of the year, and still deliver against our long-term profit growth algorithm. While the external environment, it has no doubt created challenges so far this year. Weve created some of our own obstacles. When we take a close look in the mirror, its clear our report card is mixed from an operating perspective during the first half of the year and its held back our potential in terms of sales and profits. On the positive side, when weve executed well, we're seeing progress in the innovation and renovation area on a launch today basis. Were doing well on the distribution and consumption metrics we track. With all the pricing we're putting in place the price elasticity with experience today has been in line to better than we expected. And importantly weve been more successful where we have priced with product news. For example, Deli Fresh BOLD lunch meats and Kraft singled with no artificial preservative. That being said, weve more work to do. For instance, in a couple of our businesses, meals and desserts and parts of beverages, we relied more on promotional and coupon activity in the second quarter that wed want to, a promotional trap thats bitten many in our industry. In this environment, it is easy to fall prey to price discounting as a way to sell a temporary short fall in gross revenue or volume and to look to get a short-term boost in productivity from the volume leverage that occurs in the plan. But these activities can hold us back in our ability to realize the benefits of our PNOC or pricing net of commodity costs discipline. Year-to-date were negative in this area. And the main reason were a bit off track is due to the factors that I cited where we over relied on promotion. The other area where I would say we need to improve is process discipline, as we balance major renovation work with ongoing day-to-day operational excellence. As we talk to you about before, we must become more agile in our operations. This is not only in terms of managing the seas of change that weve talked about, but also in our base operations, including the start up of new initiatives, both renovation and innovation. We continue to invest in our people to develop capabilities across all facets of our business, from marketing through to operations, and we continue to build the profit discipline, that's the foundation of our lean six sigma efforts. But we are not where we need to be as evidenced by some of our start up issues and the product recalls weve had over the past six months. None of them individually has been of a size to have a material impact on our overall enterprise wide results versus the prior year. And in each case, we identify the issue, analyzed the root cause and have recovered quickly. But it has impacted us financially in a sense that theyve taken away from our potential sales, potential profits and hurt our net productivity. Here are some numbers. In the second quarter, we booked recall costs of just over $10 million. However, when we step back and we estimate the total cost of the recalls weve seen this year, including opportunity costs like lost sales, its more like 3 to 4 times that impact to the potential top line and operating income we could have generated. Given these factors, its not surprising were running a bit behind our ongoing 2.5% annual net productivity target so far this year. And its entirely due to the challenges weve had balancing major renovation and ongoing manufacturing excellence initiatives. Great companies can drive change and maintain world class performance at the same time, and we need to do better here. Now both of these impacts the PNAC and the productivity are imminently fixable. And were doing the right thing to make up lost ground as we progress through the year. In fact, as we look at the first half of the year, despite some lost potential, our first half results are consistent with the first half; second half seasonality weve described in the past. That is roughly half of our sales and a bit more than half of our earnings coming in the first half of the year. And as we look at the second half, its more the unforeseen external factors that could take us off track somewhere we stand today. For example like a need to take significant additional price increases and the temporary dislocation that goes along with them late in the year or further escalation in promotional activity in the industry. Let me close by talking about cash, as always, a significant area of focus for us. Our free cash flow for the first six months was just over $450 million, up double-digits. We did have a significant increase in inventory levels largely from rising input costs. While we were coming out from low inventory base at the end of last year, this remains an area of focus for us. However, that was more than offset by the benefit of lower pension contribution as we continue to sustain a comfortable funded status of our plans. Net, were fully on track with cash year-to-date and in a cash is king type of business. That's a number were feeling really good about right now. So overall, we remain focused on delivering against the goals for 2014 that we provided to you in early February even in the face of what has been a very difficult operating environment, which is a good point for me to hand it back to Tony.
Tony Vernon: Thanks, Teri. I wanted to spend some time today talking about the operating environment and the challenges we continue to face both as Kraft and as an industry. You have been hearing a lot from our industry peers and the news hasnt been great. I'm often asked whats our take on the situation, and what are we doing about it? As an industry, top line growth and more specifically profitable top line growth has been and is likely to remain challenging in the near-term. Many of you have written about this. Right now, industry returns on promotional activities, innovation, and even product renovation are lower than what weve seen in the past. Youve seen the numbers on promotion. During the first half of 2014, of the largest 100 food and beverage categories, which represent over 80% of total food and beverage, nearly two-thirds increase the percent of dollar sales from promotions. Yet, the promotional efficiency to drive incremental sales did not hold pace with only 45% of these categories, showing improved promotional efficiency and Kraft is right inline with those numbers. In light of these trends, we're going back and taking a harder look at some of our smaller innovations, smaller SKUs, and marginal marketing programs to decide where we continue to fish and where we need to cut bait, and make sure we are living the principal of fewer, bigger, better. In our view, its driven by the seas of change that we outlined at CAGNY, in February. Consumers focused on value and nutrition and well-being, our customers coming to terms with change in shopper patterns and channel shifting. The rise of digital media, breaking established marketing principles and best practices. And it's not just the confluence of changes, but the pace of the change. Even in the two years, since we became an independent company the pace of change has been dramatic. Yes, the pressure is great to drive traffic for our retailers and to respond to competitors price based, land grabs in like kind. The second quarter in particular, was an intense, crowded holiday quarter, given a late Easter, putting additional pressure on consumer wallets and customer traffic. The solution to all of this or ask if the playbook weve been talking about all along. Land innovation, reinventing marketing, and establishing brand ubiquity across channels. But equity building programs such as advertising, innovation, renovation, take time to effectively drive volume and profitable growth, so does building distribution in non-traditional channels. It all requires discipline and we need to stay sharp on this point. In some ways, we have to unlearn what we believe to work in the past and relearn what will make a difference today. In the short-term, adjusting to such momentous shifts favors the smaller, more nimble players that are working from a small base. And I think that's what you're seeing to play out in the most recent set of financial results across the food and beverage industry. But there is no doubt that even with the changes in consumer behavior and the tools we use to communicate with them, consumer staples is and will still be in industry that sees real benefits from scale. Our teams know it and Im encouraged by the collaboration Ive seen among our business units to share best practices and key learnings. It is no small coincidence that our cheese, nut, coffee and meats businesses are all improving. They are sharing their best practices to build these businesses last even in the phase of rapidly rising commodity costs. And there is no better evidence of the benefits of scale and the success of P3, Kraft Cheese, Planters Nuts, and Oscar Mayer Meat in one protein pack. Our breadth of expertise shared insights and our scale is what will help Kraft win together. And Id love what Ive seen on the scale programming front, which has brought excitement and food traffic to our retailers, while delivering solid returns. These things are foundational to our playbook. And in our view theyre what will provide the best returns, but make no mistake. This is not a quick fix. It is about consumer insights, big ideas, innovation, and developing talent that can execute with discipline and excellence and understanding that you dont bet a 1000 in this game. The good news for Kraft is that were well positioned to drive profitable growth, while we execute our playbook. I have said before, that its a good time to be at Kraft and I think it's even more true now than it was at the time of our spin-off. We have a significant opportunity to go our brands and were putting a high priority on brand innovation, renovation, marketing reinvention, and extending channel penetration of key brands large and small. Take A1 original sauce for example. Weve repositioned this brand and launched a well integrated social media and traditional marketing campaign to move A1 beyond stake and broaden its appeal to new consumers, like Millennials who are cooking up different types of protein for dinner. Consumption is up 3% since the campaign launched versus a 3% decline pre-campaign. Share is up half a point year-to-date and A1 is starting to grow household penetration for the first time in years. We can do this on big brands as well, Philadelphia cream cheese for example. We talked about the renovation and supply chain improvements on Philly over the past several months and its paying off. Behind the proprietary positioning around freshness, from farm to table in six days, our market shares in all forms of cream cheese, brick, soft and whipped are all up. Customer and consumer response to the renovation of our Philly soft cream cheese spreads that launched in March has been terrific. Philly share of the soft cream cheese segment is up half a point and retail sales across all outlets are up 5%. Brand renovations are a must if we were to keep our brands relevant. It is and will be one of our biggest areas for investment. We will continue to innovate to extend our brands into new consumption occasions like we have with our Keurig-compatible cups. Weve created $200 million plus business from a standing start, just 18 months ago. Innovation overall continues to be critical to keeping our brands relevant and we continue to be very excited about the success of our Gevalia brand, P3, as well as Lunchables uploaded and Kabobbles. I'm glad thats doing well because I just like saying Kabobble. Marketing reinvention is also a big opportunity for Kraft. And we will talk more about in our back-to-school presentation in early September. And weve made good progress and have some strong growth rates from extending in the new channels. Its still early, its a small base, but I like the momentum. Managing total cost to protect investments continues to be a key foundational priority. Bob Gorski talked a lot about the drill sites within our supply chain about a year-ago. But there is more we can do in other parts of our business, including overheads and were going after it. We continue to take appropriate pricing actions to offset rising input costs, when and where we needed. And we will not lose our focus on cash and free cash flow productivity. So we can continue to invest while delivering the dividend to shareholders that we committed to. We also continue to evaluate all options to accelerate the remaking of Kraft into a best-in-class food and beverage company. Our approach is the same as we laid out almost 2 years ago. We rack and stack our opportunities, internal and external on a risk adjusted return basis and go after what's at the top of the list as return profiles change so does our list. We have also talked about the environment today through the consumer lens, but were also well aware of the increase activity in the food industry on the M&A front and in some of the categories in which we compete. Now youve asked me the question before, so you know the answer. Were going to look at everything and talk about nothing. So, to wrap things up. Our first half results were consistent with our typical first half, second half revenue and profit seasonality despite some considerable headwinds. It is a challenging environment, but we like our chances. And while we continue to make headway in executing our playbook, we know theres still more work to do. With that, we look forward to your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi, good afternoon.
Tony Vernon: Hi, Bryan.
Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I guess a question is for both Tony and Teri. Tony, you spent a lot of time talking about a lot of the headwinds that the industry has faced and that you face this year, and Teri you spoke about some of the execution issues. But at the same time youre still talking about being -- the year being in line with your expectations you had going into the year. So, can you talk a little bit about first, in terms of expectations, if I recall it correctly was to grow in line with your algorithm and then there were some onetime items that would sort of be layered on top of it? So just understanding that, thats still what were talking about. And I guess second to that, as we just start to look forward, it was remarkable that you delivered the earnings you did this quarter with gross profit dollars actually being down. So if you could talk a little bit about just how you would think about gross profits tracking going forward. And Im assuming just the pricing catching up to the cost of goods sold and how you would look at margins or gross margin improvement going forward?
Teri List-Stoll: Okay, well well start Bryan and if we miss some things youll come back and tell us whether we missed it or not. And maybe the place to start is to reiterate what we said which is that. We are committed to our plan and we feel good about the prospects we have remaining. If you look at our first half delivery, it is consistent with the seasonality we typically see which is about half of our revenues and a little more than half of our profits in the first half of the year. So, when you look at that we are on pace to what we promised in February and thats the plan that were committed to. We did say upfront that we would have a slow start to the year. On the top line we came into the year with a bit of an inventory build with the customers that we had to work through and we saw that in the first half. And on the bottom line basis, were climbing up pretty steep commodity cost curve and so we have those cost impacts and the pricing benefits tend to lag some of that and you also get some of the volume dislocation we talked about in the quarter. So, I think in most respects what were seeing is largely what we expected could play out at the beginning of the year when we talked to you. And you talked about okay, well what happens in the second half. We did talk about the fact that we do have with the cost savings initiatives, we have lower spending this year than last year. So thats a bit of a reconciling item that we put to the side and we focus on the underlying excluding that. And so, our views on the year really havent changed. Were committed to the long-term growth algorithm. We have a plan. Were executing the plan. We need to execute it better and thats really what were committed to.
Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ken Zaslow with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Vishal Patel - BMO Capital Markets: Hi, this is Vishal Patel in for Ken. I wanted to ask about cost restructuring, well I understand that cost restructuring is ongoing at Kraft. It seems like it maybe expanded towards attacking overheads, and can you talk a little bit more about that? Thanks.
Tony Vernon: Well Ill let Teri help me, but weve done a good job on overheads as you know. I think weve cut 500 basis points over the last three years. You know that we set out with our scale and size to be the leanest most nimble company around the nature players and were doing a good job against this. If there is more to get were going to get it. And so my comment in the script was saying that were always looking at this and benchmarking it, and we think there are opportunities to get leaner and were going to go get them over time.
Teri List-Stoll: When we rolled out the evolution of our playbook into playbook 2.0 at CAGNY, we broadened our focus from just productivity to total cost management for the very reason that we do want to drive a culture of productivity all throughout the company. So that focus on simplification and efficiency in cost savings stands all elements of our cost structure and thats really what we want to convey as well.
Vishal Patel - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Hi. Thank you. SG&A in the quarter was well below what I had expected and you talked about Tony falling into the trap of short-term discounting. Can you give us a sense as to what's happened to the advertising budget for the year? And just speak broadly, youve talked very passionately about the need for reinvesting into the business and that is the -- that is part of your long-term plan. So, to what extent is this year going to be kind of a maybe a step backwards I suppose in those types of brand investment.
Tony Vernon: Yes, you read me right, Rob. Our objective is to continue building out share of voice to competitive levels. We were relatively flat in Q2, but we were up in the first half consistent with our algorithm. Im not going to give you a number going forward, but we do want to make sure that the advertising we put out there is returning profitably. And so, with an eye to efficiency were going to continue to invest in these brands.
Teri List-Stoll: And just to complete this, that SG&A line is also benefited from a reduction in overhead spending. So we do have that benefit flowing through as well.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Now the difference between this year and last year is pretty vast Teri. Is most of that -- some of it must be the restructuring spending too, but is most of the reduction overhead cost and should we reflect that in our second half as well?
Teri List-Stoll: So, if you take out the differential in the cost savings initiatives the restructuring spending, the remaining change in that is more attributable to overhead.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Your line is open.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: Good afternoon everybody.
Tony Vernon: Hi, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: Two things Tony stood out to me a little bit from some of your prepared remarks. The first one, I guess was this, the promotional and couponing activity that you fell into a little bit in the quarter. I guess, one of the things that so, I guess critical to the way Kraft laid out your growth algorithm over time was a much more modest and reasonable sort of top line growth algorithm. Lets say you could focus a lot more on profitable sort of volume and not just go after share for share sake. So the first question is, how did this couponing process happen and how you keep it from happening again going forward? And the second was productivity is such clearly a huge part of the thesis around Kraft at this stage. So to be running behind on that because of executional issues, I guess is somewhat troubling. So Id love a little bit more perspective on what specifically were the issues? Was it going after productivity in too aggressively or too quickly or in the wrong places, a little bit more perspective there would be helpful because these just seem like theyre sort of key issues around the stock really as I think about it.
Tony Vernon: Okay. Ill take part one and Teri is going to take part two. I think it was an unusual quarter for all of us in the industry. And I think you have to be careful when looking at it relative to the fact that in the same quarter we took price on 50% of our brands as we dealt with retailers who had three holidays in the quarter. And so, while I feel that we probably let too much coupon and price happen in a few categories. I think overall we were quite disciplined. I think the few that we probably feel into the trap a bit was especially dinners. Dinners as you know is probably the most important segment in the center of the store. We have an incumbent competitor who is pricing very aggressively and you have a retailer who needs to build traffic in dinners because it is so critical to the overall performance of the store. And with all of the action and the price we took, we dealt back some of that price during the quarter. So you saw a big impact on meals. We also so it honestly in Capri Sun which I think you know is one of the very important seasonal items in the Kraft line and we held out price at a level that we felt would grant us the merchandising. Two lessons learned. As we go forward were going to look hard at the returns we get for these things. But I dont think were going to have this, what I call the rare confluents of events for quite a few years and well get more disciplined to ensure that we continue to manage the algorithm you described. Ill turn it to Teri for the second one, if thats okay.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: Yes. Thank you.
Teri List-Stoll: So, on the productivity side Andrew, as we talked about in the base part of the cost, a lot of -- substantially all of the differentials were seeing between out long-term goal and productivity and what weve seen so far in the first half the year has been these more executional issues where weve had start up issues with some of renovations. We have had the recall impact. And that does have a pretty significant impact on our net productivity. So it has nothing to do with what we see as the population of opportunities in terms of drill sites and the ability to deliver productivity in the long-term. We continue to feel as Bob Gorski described that that is a very, very long ball game ahead of us to go after. But in the quarter and in the half we havent delivered that largely because of poor execution which is as I said imminently fixable. We just need to buckle down and deliver with excellence.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: And Teri are you still looking for $150 million in restructuring for the full-year because youre still running obviously well low below half of that through the first half of the year?
Teri List-Stoll: Yes, thats still our best guess at this point. We new that it was going to be more back half loaded and so, were pretty much on where we expect it to be, and that is I think a reasonable estimate at this stage.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matthew Grainger with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Matthew Grainger - Morgan Stanley: Hi, everyone.
Tony Vernon: Good morning, Matt.
Matthew Grainger - Morgan Stanley: Just two questions if I could. One just to come back to the issue of profitable reinvestment. Could you talk a little bit more about progress on Maxwell House during the quarter? You talked about higher promo spend in beverages which seemed largely attributable to Capri Sun, but there was clearly some activity and some advertising earlier in the quarter on Maxwell House, its not clear whether thats continued sort of fully into Q3. So, could you just give us an update and sort of whether youre happen with the initial results of the marketing campaign there? And then, just a quick follow-up. Could you talk a bit about operating dynamics in Canada? We have heard about some of your larger retailers becoming more active and asking for discounts and promotional support. I know you had unfavorable PNOC there. So just what youre seeing in the market and whether its a cause for concern?
Tony Vernon: Yes, good question, Matt. I think were making significant strides in rejuvenating coffee across all three segments, Pods, Premium, with Gevalia and Maxwell House. And I think Maxwell House has got the nice positive run year. The team has done a good job making sure its the combination of the playbook, innovation with better best pricing and the full application of positioning and advertising. So, I feel quite good about our coffee progress overall and Maxwell House in particular. Second part of the question. Remind me -- it was Canadian retail?
Matthew Grainger - Morgan Stanley: Yes.
Tony Vernon: Yes, I mean we have a pay for performance system in Canada. We have a very similar trade relationship that we have tier and we havent seen impact were the biggest player in grocery. We havent seen the impact of what youre describing. Clearly its a consolidated market and clearly we have to continue to execute our playbook to maintain over leverage with what are very good customers and shop customers.
Matthew Grainger - Morgan Stanley: Okay, great. Thanks, Tony.
Tony Vernon: You bet man.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard with Sanford Bernstein. Your line is open.
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein: Good afternoon everyone.
Tony Vernon: Hi, Alexia.
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein: Hi. You called out JELL-O a couple of times as being problematic in that particular segment. In addition to the category declines it looks as though youre looking out to Kozy Shack by land of Land-O-Lakes, and it looks like a 500 basis point shift year-to-date. Is that one of the issues that they seem to be pushing their simple ingredient message quite hard? Do you need to reformulate in the -- given the issues or is it just not worth it because the category is declining so rapidly. So, just a little bit on the strategy in there and how do you avoid being caught out like that in some of the other categories that are out there? Thank you.
Tony Vernon: Yes, and I did mention this in the script. The smaller players who are innovating quickly and frankly quite well are getting a receptive audience in our retailers because of the need for innovation. And I do think in the short-term it has an impact. I do think JELL-O is a very important brand and we have to continue on all fronts, improve it. Mostly the pressure is coming from the sweet yogurts and the Kozy health and wellness play clearly in our playbook across all of our brands. We got to make sure that the health and wellness benefit that our R&D group has done such a good job with in many of our cheese categories that we exercise it in our center of store categories. On the JELL-O business we have got to increase the velocities to give the customers what theyve come to depend on from JELL-O. Weve got fresh eyes on the business and well get back to you with progress reports as we go.
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein: Great. Thank you very much.
Tony Vernon: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Driscoll with Citi. Your line is open.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets Inc.: Great. Thank you and good afternoon.
Tony Vernon: Hi, David.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets Inc.: So just two questions. One is just a numeric question and then a question for your, Tony. You mentioned that net productivity was behind. Can you actually give us an update as to what the number is? So if you target 2.5% and youre running behind. Is this zero or is it -- what's the ball game that were looking at for 2014? And then the second question relates to the coffee business. And specifically Tony, I love your comments about the $200 million business from the standing start in K-Cup, but weve got the big launch of the Keurig 2.0. Are you expecting to loose shelf space and/or are you going to launch a compatible product? Thank you.
Teri List-Stoll: Ill handle the productivity question and let Tony take the other one. On the productivity were not going to disclose the specific number, we dont get down to that level of detail. But I can tell you we did have productivity benefit in the quarter in the first half, but running below the 2.5%. As we look forward to the year, thats really what were focused on delivering against the 2.5%. Its got some challenges and getting to that number given the start to the year, but with the plans we have in place the idea is we have identified thats clearly exactly what the team is fully focused on delivering.
Tony Vernon: And David to your great question on Keurig. Were very excited about the $200 million plus that we got and we dont see that momentum stopping in this new environment that everyone is anticipating. We like being in control of our destiny. Its all about the profitable growth in that category and we think in any scenario well continue to do about quite well and build share.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Palmer with RBC Capital. Your line is open.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets: Thanks. Thats RBC. Good evening. You noted that competitors that materially follow the un-pricing on some categories. I assume that that would center on the cheese business perhaps you can confirm on that. And you mentioned that its still early, but it looks like its been a couple of months where youve been running high on price and having some volume issues within cheese. Does it feel like the competition is taking a relatively long time? Any color on that and what's going on in cheese would be helpful.
Tony Vernon: Yes, the only color is, this isnt within standard timeframes we have seen. And we feel quite good about how cheese has hung in there given the situation. Its nothing out of the ordinary. So, I feel great about our cheese business overall.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets: Just one last one, youve been making an effort to remove artificial colors, flavors, preservatives. Where do you stand on this effort and has that had any measurable positive impact you can share?
Tony Vernon: I think its an important developing renovation for our business and the industry. And it started for us with Oscar Mayer selects that Ive talked about many times in previous calls where we removed the chemical preservative and replaced it with a natural. It did very well in that business and have really expanded it across the line. Yes, we feel great about the recent moves we made including removing preservatives from Kraft Singles, and yes we do believe its going to have a material impact on our business and our health and wellness profile. We owe it to the consumer to offer these options.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jonathan Feeney with Athlos Research. Your line is open.
Jonathan Feeney - Athlos Research: Good afternoon, thanks. Couple of questions and just a clarification, please. First, when you make the decision to participate in discounting activity in a category like that, you must believe thats going to drive purchase behavior somewhere, but youre not getting a lift. So, does your data indicate that volumes will be even worse if you didnt discount or does it kind of indicate that maybe there is a more optimal way to kind of comment at that tradeoff? And just secondly related to that, do you worry that when you discount within a category, again this is again just an example but Im really trying to get the philosophy here that your trader reactions outside that category within say the dinner occasion, so its category by soup or frozen foods and can foods that are actually going to feel some pressure and respond in time in pricing. Does that weigh on your thought process as you think about a decision like that?
Tony Vernon: Yes, good question Jonathan. Part one, its all about profitable growth in the equation. And remember decisions about pricing promotion have a lot to do in our world and big brand world with productivity in plants, and how much you can push through an efficient plant system and with Lean Six Sigma we become much more efficient. So, we weigh it all in the equation. I did quote the industry data on the impact of promotions and its declining. So, I think were all getting much sharper in this. As to the second part of the business, we do measure Kraft Macaroni and Cheese against the broader category definition and we do think about the competitive environment as we take our promotional decisions.
Jonathan Feeney - Athlos Research: And I guess youre comfortable with the affect thats having?
Tony Vernon: Yes, we are comfortable I would say; we got to sharper. And meals is so important in that center of the store and Im talking broader meals. I think if youve talked to any retailer theyd say theyre depending on us and some of the other big players to bring the consumer back to the store with that meals business.
Jonathan Feeney - Athlos Research: Got you. And just one clarification, Teri you mentioned -- I just want to make sure I know all the cash flow goals. Your cash flow targeted 90% of earnings, right? Are there any other cash flow targets that I dont know about?
Teri List-Stoll: No. That we shifted to a free cash flow productivity measure as a better way for us to drive the organizational behavior.
Jonathan Feeney - Athlos Research: Thank you very much.
Tony Vernon: Thanks, Jonathan.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Growe with Stifel. Your line is open.
Christopher Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: Hi, good evening.
Tony Vernon: Hi, Chris.
Christopher Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: Hi. I just had two questions if I could as well. A bit of a follow on to Jonathans question on promotional activity. There was a comment in the release it says that there was something like lower expenditures on in-store activity, thats obviously not promotional related spending youre referring to there, is that correct or if you could define what that refers to?
Tony Vernon: I think in that release it refers to display activity.
Christopher Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. So youre getting less display activity, but youre promoting more heavily. Im just trying to understand the balance there.
Teri List-Stoll: Yes, and maybe Ill -- at the risk of getting two accountants like here, Ill tackle that question and tell you why its important. That in-store activity that Tony described is largely part of our advertising marketing spend which was a below the line item. As we have shifted some of that money intended for those kinds of activities to promotional activities, pricing related couponing activities those actually show up as a deduction from gross revenue to come to our net revenue. So, you get kind of a double whammy of its turning out that spending isnt as efficient as we would like it to be and its showing up as a deduction from gross revenue to get to net, because if we step back on the quarter our gross revenue really was about in line with where we expected. But when you take all that shift to couponing activity from what was thought to be in the marketing line, you get an additional hit on revenue.
Christopher Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, thats helpful. And actually, leading into my second question which was, is the intention then Tony to have less promotion and more advertising. So a matter of getting that mix to switch back is that the idea? And then I guess related to that is the promotional spending in the quarter that occurred. Did it reduce; obviously does it reduce the price realization youre going to show. I guess I had modeled more price realization in the quarter. I see it in cheese, but I didnt see across some other divisions. Is it because the promotional spending was so much higher?
Teri List-Stoll: Yes, theres two pieces to that. One is this couponing shift of dollars. The other is as Tony mentioned the Easter shift brings a lot of promotional programming into the quarter. So the combination of those will give you a larger gap. And then the last piece is on pricing even though we have taken a lot of pricing in the quarter, the actual Cold Cuts pricing didnt take effect until May 25th. So, quite late into the quarter from that revenue standpoint.
Christopher Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. Thank you.
Tony Vernon: Thanks Chris.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Hi, good evening.
Tony Vernon: Hi, Eric.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Couple of, I guess follow-ups at this point. So, free cash flow productivity is running through the first half using your numbers at 45%. So, can you talk a little bit about -- you kind of highlight the growth in free cash flow but the efficiency so far this year is way below your goal. So, kind of how do I like get to anywhere close to 90% for the year with that kind of number in the first half?
Teri List-Stoll: I guess if I just said trust us; that probably wouldnt be adequate for you.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Right now, say again.
Teri List-Stoll: Two things. One it definitely is below the goal for the year, but it isnt unexpected or inconsistent with our seasonal pattern. So, typically the second quarter in particular is where we have the biggest working capital demand. And so, the second half cash flow generation historically is much better and thats exactly what we had predicted and expect for 2014.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Second question, I guess related to the free cash flow, your debt is about the same versus the year end. You said that youve grown your free cash flow, yet there didnt seem to be any stock buyback and so -- Im kind of in reference to comments Tony, do you think like M&A is that something thats on the plate because it doesnt seem like youre buying that stock and the dividend -- essentially?
Teri List-Stoll: So, just as a point of clarification. We actually did buy back stock. So, so far in the first half we bought $235 million in shares. You dont see it if you just look at the shares outstanding because weve had -- with the stock price increase weve had a higher degree of option exercises, so that kind of mitigates the fact a little bit. But we do have $235 million of share repurchases so far this year. That program didnt start until I guess late February is when we really got it put in place. So, youll see continued activity over the remainder of the year there.
Tony Vernon: And regarding M&A Eric, obviously the environment is heated up. Our approach is the same as we said. We consider everything. Were never going to say never, and we talk about nothing.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Okay. I just want to follow-up on this promotion question. I never realized theres been a lot of that. But when you talk about coupons, are you talking about basically price allowance to the retailers because and more and more coupon redemption is like 1% or 2% in the industry. You raised prices, call it $230 million versus a year ago if I say 50% is up 10% and I mean you would have to be like a -- assuming like a, either a massive amount of couponing to the consumer or just a massive redemption rate if half of that spend back of your pricing was coupons?
Tony Vernon: Yes, so just a clarification on couponing. Our SSI redemption in the big brands is multiple folds higher than your number. But the most important dynamic in couponing today is the stacking thats going on enabled by the internet. And really all of us are working through what is an incredible change and how the consumers able to process the coupon and stack them up even with a retailer loyalty program and FSI maybe one they had from another offer, buy this many Krafts and get this off. You can stack them all together now and if were not careful the consumer is getting a discount thats more than they need and that was really happening. Keep in mind on the price, your price calculation (indiscernible) the comment about the price realization was scattered throughout the quarter. Oscars price didnt take until late May. So you're not seeing nearly as big a number as you quote, but I think the coupon dynamic is worth all of us looking at and its something we got to get very disciplined about.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: And then so thats -- I'm sorry to take this up, so thats where kind of the lack of control kind of hit because you got so much digital coupon redemption above what you had probably assumed historically that, thats hitting full across so many products?
Teri List-Stoll: Yes, we will probably use those words called lack of control, but its certainly where we saw some of the activity escalation and weve -- as Tony said, as you get that stacking, you do get lower efficiency and so thats exactly what we need to tackle. We have the visibility to it. It was the magnitude of it, I guess, is what took us by surprise and we need to go after it.
Tony Vernon: And keep in mind Eric, its attracted from the gross revenue line.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Yes. Okay. Thats all. Thank you.
Tony Vernon: Okay. Thanks. One more question.
Operator: Our next question 
Tony Vernon: Two more questions? Two more.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Baumgartner with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
John Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities: Thanks for the question. Good afternoon. Tony, just coming back to price promotion and view from a different angle, were continuing to hear about how promotion is being met with disappointing volume response. I think just now after the holidays were seeing center of store buy and get one, 10 for 10, buy the brand we see the private-label for free type of offers. So yes, it sense for whether were going to see retailers begin to shoulder more of the investment and promo in the back half of the year. Is this more manufacturers just doubling down as baseline bonds are still weak, just your thoughts there?
Tony Vernon: Yes, I think you have to look at the consumer. The strapped consumer is driving retailers actions. And the consumer is shopping channels for best price and it is very important to the retailer that they maintain their share of those families frankly. Thats whats driving it. I think all of us have to realize that its not the long-term way to run a business. A long-term way is to innovate and offer a real value to a consumer and thats where we got to go.
John Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities: Thanks, Tony.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Diane Geissler with CLSA. Your line is open.
Diane Geissler - CLSA: Hello.
Tony Vernon: Hey, Diane.
Diane Geissler - CLSA: Hi. I wanted to ask about the behavior in the packaged meat business. So obvious there are some activity there on the deal side. You took your pricing sort of late-ish in the quarter, any read on what is going on with your competitors just in terms of do you expect them to follow you at some point, because certainly the input costs have risen pretty aggressively and I guess to the extend that maybe there is something going on with either private-label trying to make more share, what do you expect to see in terms of your volumes in the back half of the year, the price gap remains sort of as wide as it is today?
Tony Vernon: Yes, its -- they have -- its not out of the bounds of the typical timing we see. And keep in mind our price increase didnt hit until late May. Obviously, I cant comment on where they will go with price, but there is -- this category has been -- is starting up all over the years. I dont necessarily believe if youre getting a vertical integration that it stay -- its a synergy thats going to drive disadvantage to Oscar. Weve competed effectively with other vertically integrated players over the time. Smithfield is long been vertically integrated and they hasnt hurt the Oscar Mayer business to any disadvantage. ConAgra used to be vertically integrated with Armour and Swift, clean results. I think just like any other business, maybe especially in meats, because the protein is a trend positive win, innovation, renovation and great marketing really matter. And so to us Oscar Mayer is a jewel and we like our chances.
Diane Geissler - CLSA: Okay. I will leave it there. Thanks.
Tony Vernon: Great.
Operator: And Im not showing any further questions at this time. Id like to turn the call back over to management for closing remarks.
Christopher Jakubik: Well, thanks everybody for joining us. For the analysts who have any follow-up questions, Doug DuMars and I will be around to take them. And for anybody in the media with a follow-up question Basil Maglaris will be around for you. So thanks again everybody for joining us and have a great week.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes the program and you may all disconnect. Everyone have a good day.

===== 2013 Q2  (2012-11-20 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Margaret Roach Nollen - Senior Vice President of Strategy & Investor Relations William R. Johnson - Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of Executive Committee Arthur B. Winkleblack - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division Karen Lamark Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Rachel, and I am your conference coordinator for today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the H.J. Heinz Company Fiscal Year 2013 Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. This call is being recorded at the request of H.J. Heinz Company. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Meg Nollen, Senior Vice President, Strategy and Investor Relations. Ms. Nollen, you may begin your conference.
Margaret Roach Nollen: Thank you, Rachel, and good morning. I'd like to welcome everyone to our conference call and webcast. Copies of the slides used in today's presentation are available on our website at heinz.com. Joining me on today's call are Bill Johnson, Chairman, President and CEO; Art Winkleblack, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Ed McMenamin, Senior Vice President, Finance will join us for Q&A. Before we begin with our prepared remarks, please refer to the forward-looking statement currently displayed. This is also available in this morning's earnings release and in our most recent SEC filings. To summarize. During our presentation, we may make forward-looking statements about our business that are intended to assist you in understanding the company and its results. We ask you to refer to our April 29, 2012, Form 10-K and today's press release, which list some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the statement. Heinz undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by securities law. We may also use non-GAAP financial measures in our presentation as the company believes such measures allow for consistent period-to-period comparison of the business. The most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures are available in the company's earnings release and on our website at heinz.com. Our complete financial highlights pages or stat pages are available on the Investor Relations section of heinz.com towards the bottom of the page. Please note we plan to file our second quarter 10-Q later today. Finally, we'd like to request that you limit your questions during the Q&A session to one single-part question in order to ensure adequate time for all who wish to participate and to ensure we end the call timely. Now with the formalities out of the way, let me turn the call over to Bill Johnson. Bill?
William R. Johnson: Thank you, Meg, and good morning, everyone. I'm pleased to join you today to discuss our second quarter results, the company's full year outlook and my perspective on the global environment. Starting with the second quarter. Heinz delivered EPS of $0.90 from continuing operations with organic sales growth of between 3% and 4%, our 30th consecutive quarter of organic top line growth. These results reflect a nice balance between volume and pricing and strength in our 3 engines of growth: Emerging Markets, Global Ketchup and our Top 15 Brands. Second quarter earnings benefited from a favorable effective tax rate that we leveraged to significantly increase investment in marketing and global capabilities to drive further growth. Importantly, we increased marketing spend by over 13% in the quarter on a constant currency basis with a particularly large increase in North America where I am encouraged by our recent momentum. We also continue to ramp up investments behind enhanced Emerging Markets capabilities and our global SAP implementation. Consistent with our efforts to improve global capabilities and enhanced innovation, I am pleased to announce that we are nearing the completion of our European Innovation and Quality Center in The Netherlands, which will open shortly. Our business results, as I said a moment ago, were again led by our trio of growth engines: Emerging Markets, Global Ketchup and our Top 15 Brands. Emerging Markets delivered organic sales growth of more than 13% and would have been up well over 14% were it not for the impact of the planned Long Fong downsizing. Global Ketchup grew 5%. And our Top 15 Brands grew almost 5% despite the exit from T.G.I.F. meals, which reduced organic sales by about 90 basis points. Emerging market results were led by Brazil, reflecting the strength of the Quero brand of tomatoes sauces, ketchup and vegetables and the launch of Heinz tomato paste in China behind the success of Foodstar. These 2 recently acquired businesses have performed well beyond our initial expectations and both appear to have considerable upside. Indonesia, Russia, Mexico and the Middle East also grew quite strongly in the quarter. Taking a closer look at Brazil and China. Brazil delivered organic sales growth of 33% in the quarter with improved value shares in a number of categories, including ketchup, pasta sauces and vegetables. Importantly, we have commenced manufacturing Heinz tomato paste in Brazil and will begin producing Heinz Ketchup locally next month to accelerate its distribution and availability. In China, our ketchup, condiments and sauces business delivered strong organic growth of around 20%, driven by the momentum of our Master, Long Fong and Heinz brands. Our China sauce strategy is focused on these 3 core brands with significant growth potential as we continue to expand across the country. This will be enhanced upon the completion of the Shanghai factory, which will increase our soy sauce bottling capacity in China by nearly 2/3 to support continued growth in the world's largest soy sauce market. Overall, Emerging Markets generated 23% of the company's sales in the quarter. And given our success in Brazil, Russia and China, in particular, we are aggressively evaluating both organic and M&A growth initiatives in these markets. Our second growth engine, Global Ketchup, also performed well in the quarter led by solid sales increases in the U.S., Brazil and Russia. We still have considerable opportunity in ketchup, condiments and sauces, which, as a category, is now approaching 50% of total Heinz sales. We are focused on driving usage and share in our core KC&S business in developed markets while simultaneously introducing millions of new middle class consumers in emerging markets to Heinz Ketchup and our core soy sauce brands. Marketing and M&A initiatives are being increasingly directed against a large opportunity in condiments and sauces where we have proven that we have a clear right to win. And finally, our Top 15 Brands delivered strong organic sales growth of 4.6% in the quarter, led by Heinz, Quero and ABC despite the aforementioned exit from T.G.I.F. meals. Notably, we have seen improvement in our U.S. business with around 65% of our consumer products portfolio now growing volume share. The share improvement reflects increased brand investment and better execution. As promised, we are taking significant action to return the U.S. to profitable growth and we'll continue to do so. We have made progress on Ore-Ida and Classico where we have addressed the value propositions while increasing marketing and innovation behind both brands. We are taking similar action to drive Heinz Ketchup growth in the U.S. and I'm pleased with the response to our outreach in the Hispanic community where we are building penetration and trail through multilingual advertising and more affordable packaging like the $0.99 pouch. We continue to build excitement around our flagship product with new varieties like Balsamic Ketchup and Jalapeo Ketchup, which we are launching on Cyber Monday through a Facebook campaign. Additionally, to leverage our strong brand equity and reduce packaging material, we are also introducing new PET ketchup bottles that are inspired by our iconic 14-ounce glass bottles. The redesigned bottles are being offered in a range of sizes, which you will see on the shelf soon. This is a very clever refresh of our flagship ketchup product that will enhance our merchandising and marketing capabilities. The U.S. team has also begun to make progress in alternate channels like drug and dollar stores through improved distribution and more targeted product offerings aimed at value-oriented consumers. It's important to note that our efforts to strengthen and improve our largest and most important business are being led by a significantly upgraded management team featuring a number of new appointments. Parenthetically, I am pleased to announce that, once again, Heinz has been ranked #1 in overall customer satisfaction among food manufacturers in the 2012 American Customer Satisfaction Index. Heinz led all food manufacturers for the 13th consecutive year. Europe had a somewhat more difficult quarter than we have experienced recently. However, on a relative basis, our results compared favorably to our peers, primarily due to strength in the U.K. behind solid innovation and great results in soup and the strength of our Russian business. In short, we are holding our own in Europe despite an extremely challenging economic environment that I will discuss in a minute. Finally, I want to comment on one other second quarter highlight. This time a year ago, we were discussing challenges faced by our U.S. Foodservice and Australian businesses. And today, I'm pleased to advise you that the actions we took over the past year have significantly improved the results from these 2 businesses. Our second quarter results keep Heinz on track to deliver our previously announced full year outlook for sales and profit. For the full year, we expect at least 4% organic sales growth, in line with our results for the first 6 months; constant currency EPS growth of 5% to 8% on a continuing operations basis, excluding special items in fiscal 2012; and strong operating free cash flow of $1 billion-plus. As a result, we are reaffirming our constant currency EPS outlook of $3.52 to $3.62. But before I turn the call over to Art, I want to share my perspective on the global economy and trends in consumer behavior. Obviously, we are carefully monitoring the Eurozone crisis, like our industry peers, and we are working to assess whether the current market dislocations are of a temporary nature or systemically long term. We are seeing signs that European consumers, in general, are altering their food shopping and dining habits as the continent struggles with the debt crisis, steep unemployment and a variety of austerity and tax regimes. Like their U.S. counterparts, they are adapting to new economic realities and they have developed a strong value mindset as a result. I have challenged our European businesses to see this as an opportunity rather than a roadblock and believe we will continue to resiliently and successfully adapt to the economic trends and new consumer behavior in their markets. Here in the U.S., I have seen some signs of modest economic recovery and improving consumer confidence although there is still great uncertainty as the fiscal cliff looms. I don't expect robust economic growth in the U.S. in 2013, but I am encouraged by the progress in our U.S. business as we invest in our leading brands to drive growth. We need to remind ourselves that we sell staple products that enhance the foods that people enjoy every day, and we can successfully adapt to the new value orientation if we're a bit more flexible and nimble in our thinking. I'm still very bullish about the growth in Emerging Markets where Heinz has grown at a robust 16% rate year-to-date. Importantly, we are redeploying talent and investment behind our Emerging Market businesses and aggressively searching for new opportunities while maintaining an appropriate level of investment in our key developed markets. To win in this challenging environment, Heinz is focusing as never before on meeting the consumers' changing needs, accelerating innovation across our brands and delivering even greater value for our customers. With strong brands and a balanced global portfolio, I believe that we are as well positioned to deliver continued growth in the global economy as anyone. The economy remains challenging to say the least. Our strategic continues to be focused on the long-term prize of a significantly larger Emerging Markets business and global leadership in the very profitable ketchup, condiments and sauces category. Reflecting our focus on driving global growth and shareholder value, I am pleased to announce that Frank Moison, Colgate's Chief Operating Officer, Emergent Markets and South Pacific, has been appointed to the Heinz Board of Directors. As the COO responsible for Colgate's fastest-growing global markets, Frank will bring a strong international perspective, a keen understanding of global consumer trends and extensive SAP implementation experience to our board. In summary, our company remains focused on operating discipline, appropriate investment levels and profitable growth. And I believe we have the brands, the businesses, the talent and the strategy to enhance shareholder value. With that, I'll turn the call over to Art, and will be back later for your Q&A.
Arthur B. Winkleblack: Great. Thanks, Bill, and good morning, everyone. Today, I'll take you through our Q2 results, provide a brief update on the first half and then discuss our expectations for the second half of the fiscal year. For the quarter, we achieved double-digit EPS growth from all angles. First, on a continuing operations basis, excluding prior year special items, results increased 11% to $0.90. And excluding the $0.02 negative impact from foreign exchange, EPS increased 14%. On a total company reported basis, EPS increase was even stronger, up 23%, reflecting $0.08 of onetime productivity charges in Q2 of last fiscal year. Turning to the P&L scorecard. Foreign exchange reduced the top and bottom line by about 2.5%. Excluding this FX impact on a constant currency x items basis, sales grew 2.9%, driven by organic sales growth of 3.3%. Importantly, all of our segments posted positive organic sales growth in the quarter. Gross margin was up 40 basis points and constant currency gross profit grew 4.1%. We continue to increase our investment in marketing and in additional capabilities. Operating income was up slightly despite the increased P&L investments. And finally, as mentioned, EPS was up nearly 14%. As projected during last quarter's call, Q2 EPS benefited from a favorable tax rate at about 10%. This largely reflects foreign tax planning initiatives. In short, we delivered solid top and bottom line growth while a favorable tax rate enabled us to make significant investments in the business. Looking at the key components to revenue growth. Organic sales growth of 3.3% was driven by both volume and price. Volume growth of 1.4% was led by U.S. consumer products, the U.K., Brazil, Russia and China sauces, partially offset by declines in The Netherlands and Italy. Price improvements of 1.9% were led by Brazil, Venezuela, Indonesia, U.S. Foodservice and Continental Europe. Now excluding the impact of the prior year decisions to exit T.G.I. frozen meals and downsize our Long Fong frozen business in China, organic sales growth was 4.1% for the quarter. And finally, our top line was unfavorably impacted by 2 prior period divestitures and by foreign exchange. Our 40 basis point improvement in gross margin was led by the U.S. businesses along with Russia, Australia and Brazil. Market inflation on commodities was about 4% in the quarter led by tomatoes, potatoes and sweeteners. And looking forward, we expect around 4% market inflation on the balance of the year, largely in line with our original projections. Now let's take a quick look at top and bottom line performance in each one of our key segments. In North American Consumer Product, we are encouraged at the progress the team is making to drive profitable growth. Organic sales were up slightly as volume increased 1.2% and net price decreased 0.8% since we optimized price points on the Ore-Ida and Classico brands. Excluding the impact of selling off the Boston Market license and the exit of T.G.I. frozen meals, U.S. retail sales grew by nearly 4%, our strongest performance in 9 quarters. Importantly, gross margin was up 70 basis points, driven by strong productivity while operating income reflected a significant increase in marketing spending. Our U.S. Foodservice business posted excellent results for the quarter with sales up more than 4% and profit up almost 27%. Net price increased about 4%, driven by pricing actions taken in the second half of last year to offset inflation. And volume was roughly flat overall, reflecting current restaurant industry traffic trends. The business posted strong gross margin and operating income growth as a result of higher sales, effective cost management and the benefit from prior year productivity initiatives. Across the pond, constant currency results in Europe were about flat for the quarter. Organic sales were slightly positive as double-digit growth in Russia was enough to offset the impact of a weak economy and soft category sales in Italy. U.K. volume was up despite cool weather during barbecue season, but net price was down. Importantly, market share gains were achieved in our large soup, beans and ketchup businesses. Higher gross margin was driven by productivity improvements, which outpaced net commodity inflation. And constant currency operating income was flat to prior year, driven by a higher marketing investment, partially offset by lower SG&A spending. Asia/Pacific posted very strong results with constant currency sales up 4% and profit up almost 27%. Organic sales growth was 4.1%. Emerging Markets continue to post strong growth while our developed markets also delivered organic sales growth in the quarter. Volume was up nearly 2%, led primarily by very strong growth in sauces in China and Indonesia, partially offset by Long Fong and the timing of Ramadan. Price was up more than 2%, driven by a double-digit increase in Indonesia to cover commodity inflation. The region achieved strong gross margin growth, up 130 basis points, driven by Australia, New Zealand and China. Both emerging and developed markets posted strong double-digit operating income growth. And as Bill noted, we're very pleased with the turnaround in Australia. Operating income grew significantly this quarter, a result of the targeted actions we took to improve commercial capabilities, simplify the business, reduce costs and focus on better day-to-day execution. Now turning to our Rest of World segment. We posted organic and constant currency sales growth of nearly 20% with all regions delivering double-digit organic sales growth. Volume increased by 6.5% led by Brazil where we achieved strong market share growth in vegetables, ketchup and pasta sauce. Notably, Quero recently became the #1 brand of vegetables in Brazil. Mexico also achieved strong volume growth in the quarter as our ketchup and baby food businesses attained record market shares in October. And net pricing increased by 13%, led by strong pricing in South America. Gross profit dollars increased, but gross margin decreased as a result of high inflation costs in Venezuela. And operating income reflects lower profitability in Venezuela and increased investments in marketing capabilities in Brazil. Now moving to cash. Operating free cash flow was $155 million for the quarter, up $24 million, driven by higher net income and slightly lower capital spending. During the quarter, we repurchased 1.1 million shares at a total cost of $62 million, partially offset by cash from options. This is in line with our stated goal of keeping diluted shares flat for the year. Now let's take a very brief look at the results for the first half. On a constant currency basis, year-to-date sales are up 3.5%, operating income up almost 3% and EPS up more than 14%. For the first half, organic sales were up 4%, gross margin has increased and we've continued to invest in both marketing and capabilities. The year-to-date tax rate is about 14% and this helped drive EPS and fund our investments in the business. Now looking at the balance sheet scorecard. Capital spending is flat to prior year as a percentage of revenue. Cash conversion cycle improved significantly, down 6 days to 38 days, largely driven by better inventory management. Year-to-date cash flow of $131 million is below prior year due to the timing of receivable securitization and cash taxes. We expect to accelerate cash flow in the back half of the fiscal year, consistent with our typical annual phasing. Net debt-to-EBITDA is flat to prior year and remains low at 2.1x. And ROIC has increased nearly 200 basis points, reflecting higher net income and the benefits from last year's productivity initiatives. Now let's switch gears and I'd like to make a couple of comments on the second half of the fiscal year. As Bill said today, we are reaffirming our original top and bottom line outlook. In the second half, we expect increased innovation and 4%-plus organic sales growth, accelerating gross margin improvements, incremental investment in global marketing, Emerging Markets sales capabilities and the SAP program and a higher effective tax rate, which is anticipated to be in the low to mid-20s during the third quarter and a bit higher in the fourth quarter. For the full year, we expect a rate of around 20%. EPS should be at about the same level in Q3 and Q4 this year, which is in line with our full year constant currency outlook. So in summary, we're posting solid sales and EPS results in a challenging environment, driving strong top line growth in Emerging Markets, Global Ketchup and our Top 15 Brands, delivering higher gross margin despite the difficult market environment and making significant investments in the business enabled by a favorable tax rate. With that, we'll turn it back to Meg and take your questions. Meg?
Margaret Roach Nollen: All right, Rachel?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from the line of Ken Goldman.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I guess the obvious question is on the tax rate. Can you just help us understand how sustainable a rate of about 20% is going forward? I realize some of these are onetime and some of these are permanent, but as we think about perhaps your cash going forward into '14 and '15, maybe any parameters you can help us with on that would be appreciated.
Arthur B. Winkleblack: Yes, Ken. I think as we mentioned on the last earnings call, we feel very good about the tax work that we've done to date and where we're coming out for the year. We expect this year to be around 20%. And I think at this point, our plans in FY '14 call for a rate that's somewhere in that same zip code. So we believe it's relatively sustainable and each quarter and each month, each year, we continue to work on new foreign tax planning initiatives to keep the rate low and in line.
William R. Johnson: Yes, I think, Ken, as we continue to expand even more outside the United States and particularly in some of these emerging markets that have low flat taxes, there are real opportunities for tax planning and our guys do a very good job of exercising those opportunities and leveraging them. So our view is going forward, as Art said, for certainly next fiscal year, I think we feel pretty good about being fairly consistent with this year. I'm not going to say anything beyond next fiscal year because I have no idea what's going to happen to tax regimes around the world. But certainly, for the next 6 quarters, the 2 this year and next year -- the 4 next year, we should be in pretty good shape.
Operator: Your next question comes from Alexia Howard.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Can I ask about the frozen entre business? I know we only get a sliver of the Smart Ones brand within frozen entres, but it looked quite weak this last quarter. Could you talk about what you're seeing for Smart Ones overall as it enters adjacent eating occasions, or is it actually still under a lot of pressure competitively?
William R. Johnson: Well, let me step back and let's talk about the category for a minute and then I'll come back and talk specifically about our business. The category over the last 5 years has lost 20 million cases, about 1/3 of the total category volume. It's lost $500 million in sales. Within that period, our overall business, as we define it, is up 2.5 to 3 share points. Currently, what we're seeing is very strong performance on our breakfast business, good performance in some of our sides in terms of the snacks. And our base entre business, we are not promoting as aggressively as maybe we could and that's a decision we've made. And so the focus has really been in frozen on getting Ore-Ida and our snacks business growing, which we did very successfully in the second quarter. So generally, Smart Ones was not as strong in the second quarter as I think we would have liked. We'll see how the season plays out. But my bigger issue, Alexia, continues to be the nutritional category where the industry has lost about 1/3 of its sales over the last 5 years. And so rather than chasing volume in a category that's still not sure where it's going, we're planning on innovation. We're doing a lot of good things, particularly in breakfast, which is the fastest-growing daypart in the freezer case and really focusing our other efforts on Ore-Ida and our frozen snacks businesses, which are performing quite well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Thilo Wrede.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Could you talk a little bit about the success or -- how the DOYPACK is doing in the alternative channels in the U.S., especially given that dollar stores seem to be slowing down?
William R. Johnson: It's doing very well in the Hispanic markets where we've supported it with multilingual advertising, Spanish language advertising, particularly on the West Coast, parts of the Southwest and on the Northeast. And so I would say it's been a key component of our success in this market. It's moved into the top 10 SKUs that we sell in those areas. In other markets, I think we need to do a better job of getting a more prominent distribution. But generally, it's playing in line in most markets with where we thought it would be and the Hispanic market's doing much better. I think outside the U.S., DOYPACK continues to be an incredible boon to the business. In Indonesia, it's -- majority of our growth is coming in condiments and sauces, which is being led by DOYPACK; same thing in Russia. The launch in Mexico has been nothing more than a heroic success. In fact, we can't supply baby food in Mexico. We've just started up another line in Guadalajara, but we are literally out of stock. We launched 3 SKUs in baby food last year. We're now up to 5, soon to be 7 or 8. Our share is now in double digits. And the same thing on ketchup where we're now close to a 20 share in Mexico from 0, 3 or 4 years ago. And again, most of that is being driven by DOYPACK. We've launched it in the U.K. So DOYPACK is going to be a clear component of the company's success going forward, particularly given the price point. And in the U.S., I'm pleased with where we are in the Hispanic markets and I think we'll see more upside going forward from DOYPACK. And I think the other thing you can count on is a lot more DOYPACK initiatives around the company, both in developed and emerging markets, going beyond just ketchup.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: But does the slowdown of dollar stores, does that concern you given your desire to grow more or get more presence in alternative channels?
William R. Johnson: It would, Thilo, if we had a big presence in dollar stores, which we don't. I mean, we are just now getting into dollar stores. We cracked Dollar General on Ore-Ida with a substantial distribution gain on 1.5-pound Ore-Ida bags. And so for us, as a company that's grossly underdeveloped in dollar stores, no, it is not an issue for us yet. It is still a significant opportunity for future growth. And frankly, DOYPACK is still not fully penetrated in dollar stores. It's done very well in the bodegas and very well in the Hispanic-branded markets around the U.S. So no, for us, it is not an issue yet. Talk to me in 2 years and maybe at that point in time it will be. But no, I don't think right now I'm concerned about that. I'm concerned about getting it on the shelf in dollar stores.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Growe.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Just my one question that would be in relation to the North American business and you certainly have made some pretty heavy marketing investments. I think we're starting to see some sales recovery, it sounds like, some momentum in the business. I think you've outlined, Bill, a higher gross margin for the quarter. I just wanted to understand if that division -- I guess to get your assessment of the progression of the top line and then if you think that business can grow its profits this year given the investments you're making.
William R. Johnson: Yes, a couple of responses to that. First, if you back out T.G.I.F. in the quarter, the U.S. business was up over 4 points in volume growth. So the U.S. business is responding to the marketing, which is, frankly, a balance of promotion and media and traditional marketing support. And I think we feel pretty good about where we're headed from a volume standpoint once we get the noise of T.G.I.F. behind us and we do have to address the Smart Ones question that was raised earlier. I think from a profit standpoint, I would be very pleased this year with the U.S. company coming in plus or minus a few points versus last year. It will just depend on how much investment we make in the second half. We had a significant increase, and I want to underline the word significant in the second quarter. We don't break out marketing spending by business unit for a lot of obvious reasons. But it is not unreasonable to say marketing spending in the U.S. was up well into the double digits in the second quarter, the bulk of that behind ketchup and the Hispanic advertising and some advertising in the Southeast and Ore-Ida in addition to some stuff we have done on Classico and frankly on snacks. So I think I feel better about the prospects of the U.S. going forward from a top line standpoint and a share standpoint. The most recent share, as I said, 65% volume growth in my comments. But in the last 4 weeks, volume share growth was almost 78% of the total business, so we are seeing a response. But there's no doubt that we are intentionally pressuring profits in the U.S. this year as we work to restore the top line growth. Fortunately, we're able to do that not only because of the tax rate, but because of the strength of the Foodservice business and the strength of our Emerging Markets businesses in terms of growing the bottom line. So I think one of the benefits of running a portfolio company like we do is it gives us an enormous amount of flexibility in terms of where we reprioritize investment. And so I think you'll see significant investment increases in the U.S. as we continue to drive the top line.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: We've talked before at great length about Smart Ones and the frozen entre business. I guess my question is in relation to that business, is it a marketing -- is it increase in marketing or is it more about increasing promotion to really address that, if you will, or fix that issue in that business?
William R. Johnson: Well, I've been pretty consistent, Chris, for almost 4 years saying I'm not going to chase a declining market and I continue to believe that. So we're monitoring the market and trying to be as balanced and nuanced as we can in terms of how we prioritize our investment dollars. And right now I'm getting a significant positive return on Ore-Ida, I'm seeing a good response in frozen snacks and I'm seeing a terrific growth upside in ketchup. And so as a consequence of that, we'll put the investments behind where we're seeing the growth. If I put a lot of investment behind Smart Ones and I'm chasing a declining market, there's just not going to be the return I want. So as I said, breakfast is doing well. You continue to see us focus on breakfast. We've got a lot of new activity coming during the season in terms of innovation and some new products. And then we've got some interesting things over the longer term that you'll see over the next 6 to 12 months in Smart Ones. I certainly don't want to imply that we're walking away from the business because we're not. It's critically important to us. But I think you can read into that, that the dollars we're allocating for investment in the freezer case we're going to put first where we're getting our best return, which, in this case right now, is Ore-Ida and snacks and we'll manage the Smart Ones business the best way we can. And right now I will tell you that I still think innovation and marketing behind Smart Ones is the way to go rather than get into a football promotion initiative that ultimately nobody wins. But until the category starts stabilizing again, I just hate like heck to chase volume.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Palmer.
David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I was just going to ask a question that was a little bit in line with what Bill was just addressing, which was you mentioned 2/3 of the business is having volume growth, and are you going to focus on bending that trend on the remaining 1/3 like on Smart Ones? And it seems like for now you're going to focus your incremental spend on the -- what perhaps has a higher ROI in the near term, which is on the 2/3 that's already had a little bit of momentum. Is that a fair characterization?
William R. Johnson: Yes, I think so. And again, David, as I said during the last 4 weeks, we're at 78% of our businesses and volume growth in the U.S. And so what we're trying to understand is where we're getting the best leverage both from a top line standpoint and a bottom line standpoint. That's one of the reasons you saw the margin improve in the quarter because our investments behind our leading margin brands, which would be ketchup and Ore-Ida, gave us a good response in the quarter and I think so we're going to continue to balance it. And I've been very pleased with the turnaround in Ore-Ida. I continue to believe ketchup is still an opportunity in the U.S. I think the new package launch in the U.S. behind something we have an internal name for that basically leads to transforming the ketchup category is something that we're very excited about. We've launched 38- and 34-ounce sizes, and in specialty items in 14-ounce sizes the consumer response in research has been extraordinary. The Hispanic response in terms of where we are with our marketing efforts has been great. So what we're doing is we're choosing and prioritizing against where we think the greatest leverage is to the P&L and to the top line. And so yes, I mean, it's not necessarily an issue of triage, but it is going to be an issue who's going to give me the best return for incremental dollars.
David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And then separate question on gross margins in the Rest of the World segment. Could you perhaps talk a little bit about that and what your outlook is in that segment, please?
William R. Johnson: Yes, it's a story of 2 tales really, 2 cities. Virtually every other business in the Rest of the World segment grew margin, including Brazil, which grew their margin significantly. It was an issue of Venezuela. And part of the issue in Venezuela relates to the timing of the elections and the trade backing off in terms of buying product and the inflation rate, which we have not been able to price up to in the Venezuelan market. So I think if you back Venezuela out of the Rest of the World, you'll see a dramatically different margin growth story, particularly in Brazil where I was very pleased; we grew margins 200 to 300 basis points in the quarter in Brazil. I think the second thing that you need to keep in mind is we are coming off in the Rest of the World an incredible quarter last year. We are up 150 basis point slam and a 150% last year on operating profit. And so we knew Rest of World from a bottom line standpoint was not going to have the kind of quarter we had last year. But I have to tell you the Brazilian business has been nothing more than a continued surprise to me in terms of how well it is doing. We're seeing continued growth in Mexico, great performance in the rest of Latin America x Venezuela and really strong results coming out of the Middle East. And so I feel pretty good about where we are. But Venezuela is the story of the Rest of World in the second quarter in terms of the dilution on margin. And that will address itself over time as they finish the elections in December on a state basis and then we get some clarity on what's going to happen going forward.
Margaret Roach Nollen: And David, just to follow up on yours and Alexia's question on our nutritional meals' performance. We do some extensive analysis behind the scenes because we'll take it SKU-by-SKU. And as you guys know, and Alexia, you alluded to, Smart Ones gets reported across probably 4 subcategories and -- be it breakfast, et cetera. We're seeing a much better performance all-in than what you're seeing from just the entre or meal portion of that business since we have shifted the portfolio more towards some of these daypart opportunities. So we actually are doing well relative to the category. Picking up share.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Driscoll.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Can you guys update us on the incremental investment plan for the year? When you laid out the year back on the fourth quarter Analyst Day, the plan for the year was to incrementally put $120 million into the business, $70 million into marketing, and I think about $50 million into a number of areas to increase your capabilities. So I'd like to hear about both areas. And then, one thing I would say, I think to my numbers right now, I've got marketing for the first 6 months of the year up about $10 million or about 4%. So if everything is in line and that would suggest a fairly massive marketing reinvestment in the final 2 quarters, and I'm curious if that plan has changed at all.
William R. Johnson: The plan has not changed, but you're looking at actual currency as opposed to constant currency. I mean, we were up 13% in the second quarter and we're up year-to-date between 8% and 10%.So I think we're tracking right where we thought we would be. And I will tell you some of that marketing may be deployed a little differently in the second half of the year. We may put some back in promotion depending on the market and depending on where we are. But we are still on track for the investments, significant investments, and boots on the ground in the Emerging Markets. And it's really interesting, if you look at the 3 markets that benefited the most, China condiments and sauces, Russia and Brazil and so those are our 3 best-performing Emerging Market businesses along with Indonesia during the second quarter and through the first half of the year. I mean, Russia sales organically were up around 14%. Obviously, condiments and sauces that you saw in China up around 20% and Brazil up around 33%. So we're seeing a very good response from that. We've made significant investments in SAP, particularly in Canada and now in Europe. We've just turned Spain on following the success in Germany. So we continue to roll out those investments. Marketing spend, as I said, on a constant currency basis, is up 8% to 10% so far this year, very strong in the second quarter. So we're about where we thought we would be, David. I think the qualification I'll give you is in the second half, if we see better leverage on the promotions side that's where we'll go. Now having said that, I want to be clear that promotion spending as defined by deal spending for the company is not up year-on-year through the first half of the year. I won't be any more specific than that for a lot of reasons, but we are not up. So the opportunity to deploy differently will be predicated on the category, the country, the business and where the opportunities are. But we're still tracking for a double-digit increase in marketing spending on the year on a constant currency basis, which is how we defined it in May, and through a substantial improvement in capabilities around the company and we're seeing really good returns on that. Even SAP in Europe, we're starting to see a very positive response from the investments into Benelux a couple of years ago. Spain has gone in extremely well. Germany has gone in well and it allowed us to consolidate the German business into the rest of Continental Europe when we sold the Sonnen business earlier this year. So our plans have not changed. The prioritization of how those dollars are allocated may be modified a bit in the second half.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: So if the investment is still $120 million, but you are getting a little bit more of a benefit on the tax rate than you expected -- I guess the prior guidance was 21% or, well, flat year-over-year and now it's a little lower -- shouldn't you have a little more money to reinvest? And what form do you think that would take? Do you think you would -- would it be going from $120 million of reinvestment to $140 million or something like that?
William R. Johnson: Well, right now we're going to stick with the guidance we have because we haven't moved any of the numbers relative to the guidance. And so I think in that context, Rob, I don't want to be any more enlightened or enlightening in terms of how we're going to do that. The other thing you got to remember, I mean we're dealing with the world right now that we can't figure out. I mean, the turmoil in the world. You tell me how the fiscal cliff is going to be resolved. You tell me how Europe is going to be resolved. You tell me what's going to happen to currency in the second half of the year. You tell me what's going to happen to consumer confidence. And so right now we're sort of sitting pat until we get a better sense certainly as we approach the end of this calendar year and into the beginning of next calendar year how all this stuff unfolds. I mean right now in Europe you're dealing with various austerity and tax regimes that aren't working very well and the efficacy of those is being challenged. We've got consumer unhappiness throughout the European continent, but particularly in Southern Europe and in the Iberian Peninsula. We're seeing similar things happening in the U.S. as foodservice traffic now sort of reflects the anticipation of what's going to happen with the cliff. I don't share the confidence in our political process that others seem to be believing in. And so I think from our standpoint, we're just sitting until we know where we are. The other thing I will tell you, tax is never a certainty. While we feel pretty good about where we are, things happen and so I think we just want to keep where we are going and work from that. I'm pleased with the execution of the company. I'm pleased with where we're headed. I think Emerging Markets continue to look very promising. And if anything, I will continue to invest in more boots on the ground in Emerging Markets before I probably put more into specific marketing. I mean, the boots on the ground is giving us a very solid tangible return in all these markets. I'd like to see us do a little bit more in Indonesia and maybe a little bit more in India. And then we have a lot of other initiatives in place.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Can I ask a question on cash flow to Art? It's down $98 million year-to-date for operating free cash flow, but net income's up. The tax rate is down. Your CapEx is pretty stable. What was the driver again for the cash flow, and should we see a big improvement? I think you're guiding to $1.1 billion in cash flow for the year. Has that changed?
Arthur B. Winkleblack: Yes, Rob, what -- a lot of it's timing related, associated with cash tax payments. As you know, book tax versus cash taxes is often very differently timed. So that's certainly part of it. Also, the timing of some of our securitization activities is different this year than in prior years. So net-net, we expect a strong back half. We're projecting to $1 billion-plus in terms of operating free cash flow. And I think we want to maintain some flexibility there in terms of the level of capital spending, particularly as it relates to Emerging Markets. So I think $1 billion-plus we feel good about at this point.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jonathan Feeney.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Bill, I wanted to get back to the volume a little bit and particularly your strategy surrounding that. When I look over the past 4 years, it's been -- did you see some significant volume declines across basically Europe, certainly Foodservice, and North America. And now here, it's notable the first quarter, I believe, in a while where you've had a negative price mix in those, so you were moderating pricing, you've seen sequential improvement in volumes. So I wonder if -- it seems like broadly in the food industry now, consumers have reacted to brands lowering price by improving volume. That's what the data is telling us and is there -- do you expect a period where you're going to invest in price a little bit more to drive more volume? I know you've called out some categories that you don't think are worth it, but do you intend to keep that going and accelerate volume through? It seems like these price investments are working in that direction.
William R. Johnson: It's a mix of categories and a mix of countries and a mix of businesses. I think, generally, historical truths are true, which is that if you lower price, consumers will respond. But I think a lot of what we're doing is being driven by mix and the way the sizing, the price points in terms of smaller sizes and in terms of different kinds of recipes and so forth, Jonathan. But yes, I mean I think, as I said a few minutes ago, in response to David's question about marketing spend in the second half, if we believe we can generate a better return by leveraging more promotion as opposed to just generalized traditional marketing, that's the way we will go. But it will depend on the business. In ketchup right now in the U.S., we're getting a great response from very traditional advertising as we are in Ore-Ida after balancing where we needed to be on price. In the Emerging Markets, we're getting very good price and the thing you got to remember in those markets is you have general inflation, which is also being reflected in wages and so forth. So the consumer is not as put off by price and private label is not a big issue. But I think, generally, even in the developed world, private label's no longer showing the kind of growth they did and it's really going to be a function of creating value in the mind of the consumer whether that value manifests itself in terms of better innovation, premium product, superior performance or a combination of promoted volume and/or better price points. It's just going to depend on the category and on where we think we're getting the best return. And clearly, in some of these businesses, price is going to be a better lever than other businesses. Clearly, in other cases, marketing's going to be the better lever and what we're trying to do is evaluate on elasticity basis exactly where we get the greatest leverage.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay, great. At the risk of sounding contumacious, I'm going to ask one follow-up question. Do you -- can you give us the volume number for the Top 15 Brands organically that you gave us for sales? Meg, do you have that or can follow up off-line?
William R. Johnson: I actually don't have that number. Again, the Top 15 Brands, if you exclude and I think in this case you'd have to take T.G.I.F. out, we're well up over 5% organically. And since much of that was driven by ABC, Brazil and the Heinz brand, I would guess off the top of my mind that 1/3 of that's volume-related and 2/3 of it's price-related, but it could be more like 40-60. There is volume growth in there and there is some price growth in there because of the mix of the Emerging Market businesses in there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason English.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I wanted to circle back to the cash flow statement and build on some of Rob's questions. CapEx is running a little bit lighter than I think your initial 3.8 -- sorry, 3.8% to 4% guidance for the year. Is what we've seen in the first half more reflective of where the full year is going to come in or should we stick with that 3.8% to 4%?
William R. Johnson: I think we'll be right around the 3.8% to 4%. We could be 3.7% or we could be 3.9% because we have a lot of investments in the second half of the year in the Emerging Markets. We're just finishing the Shanghai factory, which I'm hoping will be open early in the new calendar year. We have started the Foshan, China baby food factory, which we're going to try to have open in 2015. We've got a lot of investment going into India. We also have SAP investment coming in the second half of the year. And obviously, the finalization of the Innovation Center in Europe. So there's a fair amount of capital investment established in the second half the year. Frankly, my perspective is the lower I can keep that number, the happier I am as everybody who works for me knows. The reality is given the pressure we have on volume in the Emerging Markets, we have to provide capacity. As I said, we put a new pouch line into Mexico, we have a second one coming very shortly. We have a new pouch line going into Brazil. We're going to have a second one of those coming very shortly. We've got -- we are starting to produce ketchup in Brazil in the next 30 or 40 days. I think you've also got a fair amount of activity in the Asian markets, China, in particular, is an area we're going to have to continue to invest in, but -- so I think we'll be right around that number. To be honest with you, if I had my druthers, I'd try to bring it down. But right now given the SAP implementation and capacity needs I have in the business, I can't. The final thing is we're pretty much out of capacity on Dip & Squeeze. We're going to look at a fourth line on Dip & Squeeze. Where that line goes is yet to be determined. It'll be interesting to see where that line goes. I think you should not assume that line is automatically going into the U.S. but that is a line that we will have to start talking about in the second half of the year because we're out of capacity and the Emerging Markets are all yelling and screaming at me for Dip & Squeeze capabilities. So it's mainly about SAP implementation and about adding capacity in the Emerging Markets where we're getting significant growth.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: One more question, and I'll pass it on. You're maintaining your full year organic sales growth guidance of 4%. Your prior year comparisons become a little more onerous as we get to the back half. Bill, can you detail some of the initiatives that you have in place that are going to -- that's going to help you drive that growth?
William R. Johnson: Yes, I think there's a couple of things to keep in mind. One, we're spending lot on marketing. We'd better see that kind of volume growth in the second half the year. Secondly, innovation in the U.K. is up 50% year-on-year in the second half. We have a significant amount of innovation in the Emerging Markets, particularly behind pouch initiatives. We've got a significant amount of innovation coming in the U.S., more of which I'll detail at CAGNY. We have a lot of activity in other parts of Europe as well, particularly in Eastern Europe and Russia. So there's a significant amount of new product activity in the second half of the year and a significant response to the marketing spending that we've initiated in the first half the year, much of which really didn't begin until the second quarter and you'll see a follow-through in the third quarter. So I think in that context, I feel reasonably sanguine. Let me underline those 2 words, reasonably sanguine, about strong volume growth or strong organic sales growth in the second half of the year. The Emerging Markets, as I said, last year at this time, relative to the second half, should be much stronger in the second half of this year than they were in the first half of this year. We're seeing huge pickup in Brazil. Hopefully, the new ketchup line will be ready. We've launched Heinz tomato paste. It's doing very well. The enabling lines we've now put in Mexico will allow us to start shipping baby food more aggressively. What we're doing in Indonesia with the launches in the second half, which are all predominantly condiments and sauces launches; a lot of activity in terms of our expansion of our food -- of our condiments and sauces business in China, as well as some food service initiatives; and the focus on ketchup, the continued strength of ketchup in the European continent; and then just the general success of Russia should help us drive volume in the second half of the year. I feel pretty good about the third quarter. The fourth quarter is really where we're going to have the big measurement year-on-year. But the forecasts coming in from our operating teams are all pretty optimistic about volume growth. There is organic sales growth in the second half of the year. So right now we see no reason to back off that. And I'll remind you, we have generated about 4% through the first half this year and that's without the benefit of some of the marketing that you'll see in the second half.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ann Gurkin.
Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: I wanted to ask about Emerging Markets and opportunities for M&A and the opportunity or the potential you could hit your 30% target earlier than fiscal '16.
William R. Johnson: Ann, if we don't hit it before fiscal '16, I will be incredibly disappointed and highly annoyed with a lot of the people that work for me. We have a -- this is the first quarter I can say this now in a while. We have so many active M&A initiatives in the Emerging Markets, we literally had a meeting last week to decide how we're going to put them in priority. We have a number of very close-in initiatives underway in the 3 markets I mentioned in my initial comments as well as other markets where I think we need to improve our footprint. For perspective, I just came back from a 15-day around-the-world trip where I was in various parts of Asia and various parts of Europe, and we are aggressively looking at and aggressively in the process of M&A activity. And yes, I will be very, very disappointed if we're not 30% before fiscal '16. I really will. And there's no guarantee obviously. People really don't care about my level of disappointment. But I will tell you that I would be surprised and unhappy if we're not there first given what we have both organically in terms of the opportunities with the new capacity we're adding and the M&A initiatives we have underway.
Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: That is very helpful. And if I can sneak one more in there. How are price gaps with Ore-Ida in the U.S.?
William R. Johnson: They have narrowed a bit. They're still there, but they have narrowed a bit. And as a result, in addition to the marketing, the Justice League for Potatoes marketing, which I frankly was not real high on, it's done a very good job of opening the gates that mothers or families had closed in terms of children wanting the Ore-Ida has done very well. So the Ore-Ida business is responding well. There's still a gap, but we've narrowed the gap to where it needs to be.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Karen Lamark.
Karen Lamark: You mentioned North America making inroads in the drugstore and dollar store distribution channels. How much did that contribute to sales in the quarter? And maybe if you could give us some color expectations on sort of the cadence of the sales over the next few quarters. And then a follow-up on that.
William R. Johnson: All right. I don't know how much it contributed in the same quarter. It wasn't much because we're just now in the process of getting it on the shelf, certainly in Dollar General and some of the other stores. Pharmacy is coming along quite well. We're still grossly underdeveloped in both channels. So I would say it's more a second half story than it is a first half story. And to be honest with you, I don't have any idea how much it was in the second quarter. I don't think it was very significant based on what I'm hearing from the operating team. So I think it's still going to be a second half and fiscal '14 story for the company. But we're so far behind where many of our peers are that it's still a big opportunity. And in terms of volume going forward, I mean, clearly -- and I assume you're talking the U.S. but if you're not, please let me know, I feel reasonably -- again, reasonably good about the activities we have in the second half of the year. I think the management team in the U.S. has done an excellent job on refocusing on innovation. I was at the Innovation Center in North America a week ago Friday and spent the whole afternoon with them reviewing a litany of the new product initiatives underway and some of the activities that will start hitting the market late in this fiscal year, which will add some benefit in Q4, but really should have the bulk of their benefit next year beyond pipeline fill. So again, a lot of -- excuse me, a lot of activity in potatoes, a lot of activity in sauces and a lot of activity in some other areas that I think will be interesting. If you look at our business, the strongest category growth in any of our businesses in developed markets is vinegar and barbecue sauce, and the U.S. Vinegar is growing as a category at a double-digit rate, as are we, and so we're going to leverage that and look for opportunities there as well. So again, I think there's some opportunities in the second half of the year to drive better volume than we did in the first half in the U.S. company.
Margaret Roach Nollen: All right. Well, I see we're almost out of time and I know we're right up against another call. I know there's several of you in queue, I apologize. We're going to take one more.
Operator: Certainly, your next question comes from the line of Eric Katzman.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, I guess with time short I'll give one question. Bill, you've been adamant about giving out the cash flow in terms of dividends versus share repo with -- it seems like a high likelihood that rates are going up on dividends. How do you and the board feel about the approach to the distribution of the cash?
William R. Johnson: Same way. I mean, I think right now, if you go back to the Senate bill, the Senate bill capped dividend tax at 20% plus a 3.8% Medicare tax. The President wants to take it through ordinary income tax. The Republicans want to keep it at 15 points plus a 3.8%. So I think there's likely to be some kind of compromise on dividend tax. Secondly, most of our investors, Eric, are still telling us they'd prefer to see it in the form of dividends and share buybacks. And so our strategy continues to be, in terms of the deployment of cash, M&A, and as I said we have an aggressive pipeline full of M&A. A lot of initiatives underway, several of which I hope would get done sooner rather than later, but we'll see. As you know that's a tricky game. And then the second use would be cash and then obviously we'll continue to buy back stock in order to prevent dilution from outstanding shares. But right now we don't see a change. I don't know how the fiscal cliff is going to manifest itself, how it's going to manage out. Obviously, if we start hearing from our investors and we start seeing a dramatic shift, then we'll be flexible in terms of what's going to create the most value. It's just right now our belief is based on what we're hearing that dividends are still the best way for us to deploy cash back to our investors. That may change. And if it does, then obviously we'll modify our approach but right now that's where we are.
Margaret Roach Nollen: Okay, well, as we roll up for today, we want to -- we look forward to seeing many of you over the next few weeks. And our next scheduled event will be at CAGNY where we'll be presenting Thursday, February 21 and Bill will kick off the day at 8 a.m. So with that, all of us at Heinz would like to wish you and yours a warm and happy Thanksgiving, and a joyous holiday season. Make it a great day.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that now concludes your conference call for today. You may now disconnect. Thank you for joining, and enjoy the rest of your day.

===== 2013 Q1  (2012-08-29 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Margaret Roach Nollen - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Global Program Management Officer Arthur B. Winkleblack - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Edward J. McMenamin - Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President of Finance 
Analysts: Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Brian Cullinane - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Chanel, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I'd like to welcome everyone to the H.J. Heinz Company Fiscal Year 2013 First Quarter Earnings Release Conference Call. This call is being recorded at the request of the H.J. Heinz Company. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Meg Nollen, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Ms. Nollen, you may now begin the conference.
Margaret Roach Nollen: Thank you, Chanel, and good morning. I'd like to welcome everyone to our conference call and webcast. Copies of the slides used in today's presentation are available on our website at heinz.com. Joining me on today's call are Art Winkleblack, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Ed McMenamin, Senior Vice President, Finance. Before we begin with our prepared remarks, please refer to the forward-looking statement currently displayed. This is also available in this morning's earnings release and in our most recent SEC filings. To summarize, during our presentation, we may make forward-looking statements about our business that are intended to assist you in understanding the company and its results. We ask you to refer to our April 29, 2012 Form 10-K and today's press release, which list some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in these statements. Heinz undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by securities laws. We may also use non-GAAP financial measures in our presentation as the company believes such measures allow for consistent period-to-period comparison of the business. The most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures are available in the company's earnings release today and on our website at heinz.com. Our complete financial highlights pages or stat pages are now available on the Investor Relations section of heinz.com towards the bottom of the page. Please note, we plan to file our first quarter 10-Q later today. Finally, we'd like to request that you limit your questions during the Q&A session to one single-part question in order to ensure adequate time for all of who wish to participate and to ensure we end the call timely. Now with the formalities out of the way, let me turn the call over to Art Winkleblack. Art?
Arthur B. Winkleblack: Thanks, Meg. Good morning, everyone. Today, we're pleased to take you through our first quarter performance, which marks a great start to fiscal 2013. In the quarter, we delivered robust organic sales growth, again, driven by our trio of growth engines: Emerging Markets, Global Ketchup and our Top 15 brands; year-over-year gross margin improvement for the first time in 5 quarters despite the tough economic environment and higher commodity costs; continued investment in the business including marketing, Project Keystone and more boots on the ground in Emerging Markets and strong constant currency profit growth driven by higher operating income and a lower tax rate. On a reported basis, results were unfavorably impacted by foreign exchange. So overall, we're off to a very good start for the new year. On a constant currency basis, net sales grew by more than 4%, operating income increased 5% and EPS rose more than 15% on a like-for-like basis, which excludes the impact of last year's charges for productivity initiatives. In short, strong results in a very challenging environment. Importantly, Q1 marked our 29th consecutive quarter of organic sales growth at nearly 5%. I think this is an important indicator of our focus on growth, the strength of our portfolio, the effectiveness of our commercial programs and consistency of performance. Our trio of growth engines, Emerging Markets, Global Ketchup and our Top 15 brands, once again drove our organic sales growth. I want to briefly hit some highlights in each of these areas. Our Emerging Markets posted organic sales growth of almost 20%. The growth was led by Quero in Brazil, Foodstar in China and Heinz in Russia. Importantly, in Russia, Heinz is now the #1 brand in both ketchup and total condiments. We also had strong organic sales growth in Indonesia and India. Overall, Emerging Markets represented a record 26% of Heinz sales in Q1, which is our high watermark in the year for Emerging Market mix given the timing of Ramadan. Of note this quarter in Brazil, enhancement of business processes and the implementation of SAP allowed us to eliminate the 1 month lag in closing the books there, so our results include an extra month in Brazil which was partially offset by the planned sales reduction in Long Fong related to the significant streamlining we executed in that business last quarter. And turning to Global Ketchup, we posted 3.7% organic growth, overlapping more than 8% organic growth last year. Our Emerging Markets of Brazil, Russia and China delivered strong double-digit growth, driven by both the retail and Foodservice channels. U.K. led our developed markets in ketchup growth, aided by innovative line extensions like ketchup with balsamic vinegar and now Indian spices. Turning to our Top 15 brands, we posted nearly 6% organic sales growth in Q1. As a result, these core brands have grown to nearly 3/4 of our total portfolio. That's an important advantage for us in that it allows us to more tightly and effectively focus our commercial resources and investment dollars. Now let's take a quick look at each of our geographic regions. Turning first to North American Consumer Products, our results reflected solid and encouraging performance in the U.S. Excluding the 2 product lines we exited last year, Boston Market, which is included in divestitures, and T.G.I. Friday's frozen meals, organic sales in our core U.S. business were up more than 3%. The solid growth is reflective of stronger market shares, and indeed we grew volume share in 9 of our 12 U.S. retail product categories over the last 12-week period while increasing our average net price. I'm pleased to report good progress on Ore-Ida as well, where sales increased as a mid-single digit rate during the quarter. We've been working with our trade partners to optimize Ore-Ida pricing on the shelf, and this is beginning to have a positive effect. We also posted mid single-digit sales growth in Smart Ones and a 2% volume increase in Ketchup. Operating income was off slightly to prior year, impacted by higher commodity cost, sales mix and an increased investment in marketing. And finally, we went live on SAP in Canada during the quarter and incurred some start-up challenges there. U.S. Foodservice delivered excellent results for the quarter. Organic sales grew about 2.5%, driven by price increases implemented last year to cover inflation. Encouragingly, volume was stable and the trajectory has been improving, driven by more favorable QSR trends and our success in penetrating noncommercial channels. Operating income grew at a double-digit rate, reflecting higher pricing and lower costs, clearly aided by the benefits from last year's restructuring initiatives. And as Ed will discuss shortly, we completed the sale of our U.S. Foodservice Desserts business this quarter as we continue to enhance our focus on branded Ketchup & Sauces. Turning next to Europe. The segment generated very solid constant currency results for the quarter with sales up 1.5 points and profit up almost 8%. Organic sales growth was 2%, driven by pricing. U.K. and Russia continue to drive very strong growth, particularly on ketchup, while sales in Continental Europe and Italy continue to be impacted by weak economies and categories. During the quarter, we increased marketing and continued to drive the European change agenda in order to meet the evolving environment there. Additionally, we successfully implemented Keystone in Germany while also divesting a small unprofitable soup business in Germany and consolidating back-office activities into the Netherlands. Moving to Asia/Pacific. Constant currency sales grew by more than 4%, led by Indonesia, India and China and by soy sauce from a category standpoint. This growth includes the negative impact of streamlining Long Fong, which cut the size of that business in half as we executed -- or exited 2 of 4 factories and focused on higher-growth, higher-margin products. The region posted 30% profit growth, reflecting improved net pricing, productivity, sales mix and a strong rebound in Australia, which was aided by last year's restructuring initiatives. Additionally, we continued to increase investments in marketing and in sales capabilities across Emerging Markets in the region. The Rest of World segment reported 32% constant currency sales growth for the quarter driven by very strong year-over-year growth in Brazil, plus the extra month, as well as double-digit growth in Mexico and the Middle East. Venezuelan sales were down for the quarter as a result of the macroeconomic issues in the country. Rest of World delivered 3% constant currency profit growth, lapping more than 100% growth last year, with Brazil's strong performance being partially offset by weakness in Venezuela. And I've mentioned several recent actions we've taken to continue streamlining, reshaping and strengthening our portfolio. These included: completing the sale of our U.S. Foodservice Desserts business, which we announced at Analyst Day in May; exiting subscale frozen businesses in U.S. retail by divesting the Boston Market license and discontinuing T.G.I. Friday's premium frozen meals; divesting a small, unprofitable soup business in Germany; and rightsizing our Long Fong frozen business in China. Now these and many other actions we've executed over the last decade has helped focus the portfolio on those brands and categories where we have the capabilities and position to win. Ketchup & Sauces are the crown jewel, which now represent almost half of our sales. This is an important shift in the portfolio, which we're continuing to drive aggressively. Now with that said, I'll turn it over to Ed to cover the rest of the financials. Ed?
Edward J. McMenamin: Thanks, Art, and good morning, everyone. I'll take you through the first quarter financial highlights, which reflect strong constant currency growth in our key P&L metrics. But before I go through the results, as Art referenced earlier, in May we completed the sale of our U.S. Foodservice frozen desserts business. It resulted in a $0.07 charge to EPS, which along with last year's results are reflected in discontinued operations. Now let's walk through the financials. Here, you can see 3 different views of EPS. But any way you look at it, we delivered double-digit growth. Starting on the left, our results from continuing operations, which exclude the productivity charges last year, reflect 10% growth to $0.87 this year. On a constant currency basis, EPS would have been $0.91, a 15% increase from the comparable base last year. And finally, on a total company reported basis, EPS was $0.80 this year, up 14%. The balance of the presentation will focus on the company's results from continuing operations compared to last year's results excluding productivity charges. And as a reminder, in Q1 of fiscal '12, the productivity charges were $41 million pretax or $0.09 of EPS. Turning to the P&L scorecard, constant currency sales were up over 4% but down 1.5% after a sizable foreign exchange headwind. Gross margin was 35.9%, up slightly as higher pricing and productivity improvements were able to more than offset commodity inflation. Looking forward, as we progress through the year, we expect pricing and productivity to continue to outpace commodity cost increases, and margins will build significantly throughout the year. We continue to increase our investment in consumer marketing, which was up 4.5% on a constant currency basis with the incremental spending split evenly between developed and emerging markets. For perspective, we expect a sizable ramp-up of marketing in Q2 and throughout the year. Operating income is up 5% on a constant currency basis as higher organic sales growth and effective cost management offset unfavorable commodities while also supporting increased marketing and incremental investments in both Project Keystone and Emerging Market capabilities. After the impact of currency, OI was about flat. EPS of $0.87 benefited from the effective tax rate of approximately 18% this year compared to 24% last year. In Q1, and to a greater extent in Q2, the expected benefit from foreign tax planning initiatives and our full year estimate for the tax rate remains in the low 20s with higher-than-average rates in the second half of the year. Looking at the key sales drivers. Our organic sales growth of 4.8% was fairly balanced between volume and price. Volume improved 2.5%, driven by Emerging Markets, led by a very strong performance in Brazil, as well as improvements in the U.S. and the U.K. The Brazilian results reflect exceptional normalized organic growth of 45%. It was further aided by an additional month's results. The majority of the benefit from the additional month was offset by the planned exits of T.G.I. Friday's frozen meals in the U.S. and the streamlining of the Long Fong business in China to focus on only more profitable products and regions. Higher pricing at 2.3% was driven by price increases in most of the Emerging Markets, particularly Latin America and China, as well as in the developed markets of the U.S. and U.K. The divestitures of the Boston Market brand in the U.S. and a small soup business in Germany decreased sales by 60 basis points. And finally, foreign exchange reduced our top line by 5.6%. Looking at sales by category. Ketchup & Sauces, our most important category, led the way with nearly 6% organic growth. Meals & Snacks reported overall organic growth of 3.1%, and notably, both the ambient and frozen segments were positive with contributions from both volume and price in each. Infant/Nutrition recorded 2.3% organic growth, driven by a 12% increase in Emerging Markets. Art covered each of the segments' performance in detail, but here you can quickly see all of our segments delivered positive organic growth this quarter. As I noted earlier, our gross margin was up slightly from last year with a 10 basis point improvement to 35.9%. The market basket for our commodities was up almost 4%, primarily due to sweeteners, most notably in Indonesia, tomatoes and beans in Europe, as well as glass globally. Solid contributions from pricing and productivity more than offset this inflation. Now let's move to the balance sheet scorecard. Capital expenditures were 3% of sales, up 40 basis points from last year, and we're still anticipating spending of approximately 4% of sales for the full fiscal year as we support growth in our Emerging Markets, as well as the continued rollout of Project Keystone. Cash conversion cycle delivered a substantial improvement of 6 days driven by receivables and inventory and represents a record low CCC of 36 days, around 1/3 of where we were a decade ago. In line with our expectations, operating free cash flow was an outflow of $25 million. This reflects $42 million of cash paid this quarter for fiscal 2012 productivity initiatives. While last year, QOWC benefit from the timing of drawdowns on our accounts receivable securitization programs. Net debt to EBITDA at 2.1x was up slightly to prior year, driven by modestly higher net debt. And I'm pleased to point out that Fitch recently raised our debt rating to BBB+. ROIC was nearly 20% for the quarter, up 110 basis points from this time last year, driven by our 10% increase in net income this quarter. In summary, we're pleased with our results in Q1, delivering almost 5% organic sales growth, constant currency operating income growth in excess of 5% and double-digit EPS growth. With that, I'll now turn it back to Art to update you on our full year outlook.
Arthur B. Winkleblack: Thanks, Ed. Now just a couple of remarks on our outlook before we open it up to your questions. With Q1 behind us, let's take a look at what we expect for the balance of the fiscal year. Beginning with Q2, we expect another quarter of organic sales growth at around 4%; improving gross margin based on the combination of net pricing and productivity more than offsetting commodity inflation; implementation of our planned incremental investments and marketing, Project Keystone and sales capabilities in Emerging Markets to drive top line growth and further strengthen our foundation for the future. Marketing spending in particular will increase significantly in Q2 behind a number of new initiatives in the U.S., U.K. and emerging markets. The Q2 tax rate will be very favorable at a low double-digit rate based on the flow of our foreign tax planning initiatives. And note that while our tax rate will be quite favorable through the first half of the year, we still anticipate that our full year tax rate will be in the low 20s. And foreign currency will continue to be unfavorable. Overall, we expect constant currency EPS growth of around 10% in Q2. Importantly, for the full year, we are reaffirming our FY '13 constant currency targets. This reflects the strong start we made in the first quarter and our confidence in our brands, our people, our plans and our ability to respond to ever-changing market conditions around the world. So to sum up, our fiscal year is off to a strong start. Our key growth drivers, Emerging Markets, Top 15 brands and Global Ketchup, continue to provide strong and consistent growth. The savings from last year's productivity initiatives are coming in according to our expectations. We expect sequential improvement in our year-over-year gross margin results. And finally, we're on track to execute the $120 million of planned investments we discussed in May to help drive the business for sustainable long-term growth. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Meg and then I'll -- we'll open it up to your questions. Meg?
Margaret Roach Nollen: Great. All right, Chanel, we're ready for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Chris Growe, Stifel, Nicolaus.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I just wanted to ask a couple of quick questions. And the first one just relates to the Emerging Markets. You had obviously a very solid growth again in this quarter. I'm curious if you're seeing any slowdown in some of the markets like China, where we keep hearing about a slowdown. Certainly, it's been more focused on industrials, industrial sort of companies, but I'm curious if you've seen that kind of linger into the consumer world.
Arthur B. Winkleblack: Chris, as you saw, we posted 19% organic growth in our Emerging Markets. And I think even if you take out some of the one-time decisions like the extra month in Brazil and things, it was still at about a 15% organic growth. So we feel very good about where emerging markets are going. And I think to your point, a lot of the discussion of slowdown in China, and I guess they've slowed down the GDP growth rate of about 8% at this point, which most countries would love to have. But I think it's more on the industrial side. Frankly, the exploding middle class in these emerging markets are just coming into their own in terms of ability to afford packaged food, and so I think we are very, very well positioned and we feel very good about the ongoing trajectory of what we think the growth rates will be of our kinds of products.
Edward J. McMenamin: And particularly when you look at Russia and Brazil had outstanding results this quarter. And we continue to see them grow.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I have just one quick follow-up, if I could, just to be clear on the revenue guidance for the year. Does that -- or you're calling for at least 4% organic revenue growth guidance, does that include the T.G.I. Friday's exit? I guess Boston Market has little lingering here in the first quarter. And then also, there's 2 less -- you had 2 less shipping days last year. Those comparison factors, are those embedded in that 4% guidance?
Arthur B. Winkleblack: Yes, that's all rolled in, Chris.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: All rolled in, okay. Just wanted to make sure of that, okay.
Margaret Roach Nollen: Right. So really, if you strip those away, it's significantly higher than 4%.
Arthur B. Winkleblack: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Palmer of UBS.
David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: A quick housekeeping question. I didn't pick up on the slide, the marketing reinvestment of $120 million, is that front-weighted for the year?
Arthur B. Winkleblack: Is it what?
Margaret Roach Nollen: Is it front-loaded?
Arthur B. Winkleblack: Yes, let me clarify. The $120 million, David, if you recall from Analyst Day, about $70 million of that was marketing and the rest in other investments within the business. And the marketing really is going to, as I tried to allude to, will ramp up through the remaining quarters. So marketing spending was up on a constant currency basis in Q1, but it will be up very significantly in Q2 and then in the remainder of the year, basically timed with the timing of our programs, the ideas and ready for the initiatives. So we're feeling good about the trajectory in the plans for going forward.
Margaret Roach Nollen: Yes, you're going to see Heinz spend in marketing like you've never seen us before, and we're very excited about all of the launches and the brand support that is coming out. And in fact, we're going to show you a lot of that at the upcoming Back-to-School Conference. So get ready, it's on. Heinz is on the Olympics. We've done a number of things, so very exciting.
Arthur B. Winkleblack: Yes. So we fully expect to spend at least that $70 million of incremental marketing that we talked about in May.
David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: The Europe division, you mentioned that conditions were tough there. Are conditions, in your opinion in terms of the consumer, getting worse there? And are you expecting even budgeting for increasingly difficult consumer environment through the fiscal year in that region?
Arthur B. Winkleblack: No, it's -- David, it's kind of interesting how Europe is sort of a tale of 2 cities for us. If you go to either end of the continent, we're performing extremely well. So Russia and the East in particular had a great quarter. We feel really good about the momentum in Russia both from a top line and a gross margin standpoint. And the U.K. business continues to be a fortress for us given the strength of our brand equities there and the power of the innovation and execution within the business. So at both ends of the continent, we feel very good about things. To your point, it's a tough market in the middle of the continent. Continental Europe and Italy, consumer confidence is low, unemployment is high. And so it's a challenging market there, and I think we continue to evolve our products and our packaging to meet that environment. And I'm really pleased that we got a good strong head start on driving the European agenda with what we're doing with Keystone, what we're doing with the supply chain consolidation.
Margaret Roach Nollen: Innovation Center.
Arthur B. Winkleblack: And with the Innovation Center, so lots of things going on to address it. So I'm not so sure that we expect things in the middle of the continent to get too much worse, but we're sure not expecting it to get better anytime soon.
David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And the profit growth that was high-single-digits organic, the story there is largely the productivity and the restructuring from last year flowing through? Or is that a significant push and that's still that promotion efficiency efforts that you're -- that's been ongoing?
Arthur B. Winkleblack: I think it's all of the above. So we're certainly getting restructuring benefits that we had expected, so that's a good thing. We're continuing to drive productivity initiative this year, particularly with value engineering. Strong organic top line growth in some of our markets is certainly helping out as well. And again, with regard to Europe in particular, it's driven at both ends of the continent.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jason English, Goldman Sachs.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: First, a quick housekeeping item. Brazil, can you quantify the impact that had in both the top and bottom line this quarter, just the 1 month move?
Arthur B. Winkleblack: Yes, the 1 month was worth roughly $35 million on a gross basis. And keep in mind, though, that a lot of that was offset by the decisions we made in Long Fong and the exit of T.G.I.F. meals, but roughly $35 million at the top line. The bottom line is less than $0.01, so basically immaterial.
Margaret Roach Nollen: Right. And then that's just because we're reinvesting in that market the profits back in to grow and capture the middle-class growth.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: That's helpful. And a question on North America. Dave Woodward has been there for not too long, yes. I imagine he's still trying to get his feet firmly planted. Any early read on what we may expect to see differently coming out of that market with the new leadership?
Arthur B. Winkleblack: I think Dave is bringing great energy and enthusiasm to the role, and he's working to drive what he would call a demand-driven recovery. So I think he's focused on the big brands and you saw that we've exited a few of our smaller less advantaged brands, so we're really gearing the focus on those big brands. We're getting the price value offering correct across the portfolio. Once we do that, we're increasing the marketing support behind those key brands. And then undergirding it all, we're driving strong productivity to provide some fuel for growth. So I think we're doing the right things. You saw that volume shares were up in 9 out of 12 categories, so we're pleased with that while our average price is up, so investing in the business, driving some innovation and we're -- I think there's work to be done. But we're pleased Dave's on the case.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And do you think you can still get to your mid single-digit constant currency profit growth guidance for the full year with some of those initiatives?
Arthur B. Winkleblack: I think all of those things that we've talked about are in our guidance for the full year, which are what we're affirming today. So I guess in answer to your question, yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Driscoll of Citi.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I'd like to start off with the gross margin outlook. I think you guys had said that you expect a 50 to 100 basis point expansion on the year. The quarter was up something about 20 basis points. So can you bridge how the pacing goes? Ed, I think you even mentioned in your script about the dramatic expansions that go forward because of pricing and productivity. But can you guys just expand on this a little bit so folks can get a little comfort that these expansions are on track with your plan?
Arthur B. Winkleblack: Yes. Yes, David, let me hit that first and Ed can add some color. Our gross margin was largely in line with our plan in the first quarter. We do expect the year-on-year increase in gross margin to gain sequentially. I mean, that's really driven by 3 key things. I think you'll see somewhat better pricing in the back half on a net price basis. We'll have a different and more favorable business unit and product mix as well. And we've got this heavy focus going on in terms of value engineering that combines with the restructuring programs and savings that we had from last year. So all of those things worked to our benefit. The other thing we're seeing, over time, we're seeing the gross margins improving in our newer businesses, in Quero in Brazil and Foodstar in China. As usual, when you buy these businesses, the gross margins tend to start out relatively low, but the opportunity is to drive those northward. We're certainly seeing that, and so we expect that to continue. The other thing I might add is that we're beginning to leverage the scale and efficiencies of our consolidated European supply chain hub, so we feel good about where we're going there. We had our new global head of procurement, John Dickson, join not too long ago and I think he's starting to make some traction. So net-net, we feel good about the levers and the trajectory as we look forward.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. Then I'd follow up with a question on cost savings and input costs. The cost savings question, I believe this year, you're looking for total cost saves of $250 million. Can you just update that? Is that still the number? Is it any better? And then what did you realize in the first quarter? And how does the pacing of that go throughout the year? And then just a quick update on input cost inflation, how much is hedged and what's the rate of market inflation that you guys typically quote? I know you said the quarter, but what's the full year?
Arthur B. Winkleblack: Yes, in terms of productivity from particularly the supply chain, I think we're on or better than target so far. And we believe we've had some opportunity there; we'll see as the year goes along and we'll play that out. But productivity is running according to plan or better. And in terms of market inflation, I think the market inflation estimates are still pretty much in line with what we had talked about at Analyst Day, and if I'm recalling right, that was around 4%.
Margaret Roach Nollen: Yes. I think you've seen a lot of inflation in a lot of commodities out there. And fortunately for us, we've locked in a good portion of our year. So the market inflation could be somewhere in the neighborhood of 4-plus, 4% to 5%, but that's highly dependent on several of these crops out there. The big impact, as Ed had mentioned previously, sweeteners and in particular, Indonesia. So palm sugars, it's very, very strong right now on pricing. So -- but the good news for us is that we have -- that will come in largely in line with expectation because we have largely taken that off the table.
Edward J. McMenamin: Yes, I think that the procurement guys have gotten ahead as they saw things going up. And we're covered a bit more than we would normally be this time of year, and the way things are looking, that's very advantageous. I think also going back to the productivity issues, we were going through the major plant moves and that sort of thing last year, the guys -- the operations guys were focused on that. Now that they've got that running, what they're focused on is the normal type of productivity that's sort of been followed through a little bit that they can really focus on and really will start delivering benefits in the second half of the year on top of the productivity restructuring charges from last year.
Arthur B. Winkleblack: Yes, I think that's well put. And David, you've heard the headlines about corn prices because of the heat and drought and things like that. But to Meg's point, we are virtually all hedged on a lot of those key commodities. So we really are pretty confident in our outlook on the commodity cost.
Margaret Roach Nollen: Yes, to your question on sculpting, back-half loaded.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jonathan Feeney, Janney Capital Markets.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: I knew you covered this a little bit. I just want -- can you give me a detail about what are the 2 or 3 big factors that drive the swings in this tax rate? Because it's just you have a real look -- I mean, was -- is this consistent with what you thought coming into the year the taxes would flow this way? And what causes them, the inter-quarter variations so much? And I'm just thinking how much of that laps into -- is it structural stuff that laps into fiscal '14 and '15 or stuff that is dependent on some of the factors, discrete to 2013?
Edward J. McMenamin: Jonathan, if you'll go back to last year, we had a similar discrete transaction in Q2. We were able to execute a similar transaction in Q1 of this year, and we're planning for another one in the following quarter. Some tax planning initiatives are spread over evenly over quarters and over years, others are very discrete, but the 2 that we're referring to here are discrete. What the tax guys are looking at is to continue to examine programs into the future years to try to keep that rate down in the low 20s.
Margaret Roach Nollen: Absolutely. And we have the benefit this quarter. As we did last year 1Q, the U.K. again took its corporate tax rate down some 200 basis points, doing the right thing to incent businesses. And so we're very pleased with that. But you see the benefit of that because that has a bit of a retroactive impact and a one-time big benefit in the quarter.
Edward J. McMenamin: And I think that's another advantage of our having most of our sales overseas. These foreign tax opportunities do present themselves, and we have a team that's scaling the world to look for taking advantage of that.
Arthur B. Winkleblack: Yes, I think that's -- the key point is given our significant global mix of sales in international, that allows us a lot more tax planning opportunities in those foreign jurisdictions, and frankly, the foreign jurisdictions seem to understand that a lower tax rate is a good thing for their economy. So that's where they're moving to do. To your other points, we constantly look for opportunities to drive down the tax rate. Over the long term, you saw that we had a low tax rate in the low 20s last year we expect it to be this year, and we're certainly working on initiatives to continue that going forward in the future years now. We'll talk more about that as the year goes along, but that is certainly the expectation and the plan that we would continue driving those kinds of numbers.
Margaret Roach Nollen: Remember, Heinz is 2/3 international or non-U.S. sales, so we're going to -- our tax rate will vary accordingly.
Arthur B. Winkleblack: Yes. By the way, I wish that the timing of these things was perfectly predictable and even through the quarters, but that's just not the reality of the way taxes work.
Operator: Our next question comes from Thilo Wrede of Jefferies & Company.
Brian Cullinane - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: This is actually Brian on for Thilo. Just -- and most of my questions have been answered, but just wanted to touch on the Dip & Squeeze patent lawsuit. Any product risk there? Is there any update on what's going on there?
Arthur B. Winkleblack: We view that as a frivolous situation, and we will be defending it rigorously and we're not overly worried about it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Goldman, JPMorgan.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So to follow up on the tax rate, the implication there, it sounds like if you're talking about, I don't know, 12%, 13% for the second quarter, if I'm hearing the low double-digit number right, to get to about a 23% number for the year, you have to do about 30% tax rate in the back half of the year. I just want to make sure that math is correct.
Arthur B. Winkleblack: It'll be upper 20s.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Upper 20s.
Margaret Roach Nollen: Right, but the tax guidance for the year is flat, and last year was 21.7%. So okay?
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, got it. That's helpful. And then the question I have, as a follow-up to that, would be a lot -- there's a lot of companies out there now that have a lot of international sales. You certainly are in that group and you've done a great job building your global portfolio to get there, but not every company is able to define these discrete transactions, as you call them, as often as you do. And I think the credit goes to your tax department genuinely for finding them but I'm curious, what do you credit that to? What are you able to do that without disparaging other companies that maybe other companies aren't able to find, it does seem like you're able to get lower taxes than other companies on an average basis, even other companies that may have even more of international exposure than you do. So I'm just curious if you can help me understand that a little bit.
Arthur B. Winkleblack: I mean, we have a team downstairs that is very focused on it. In addition, we have a lot of outsiders that come in and present opportunities. We -- when we go into the various countries, we try to get very familiar with what their law is, what the opportunities are. We engage local tax experts and we take it very seriously. It is an opportunity when you're -- when you've got the geographic stance that we have to take advantage of that. So most of these ideas are not internally generated. We listen attentively to other people with ideas, see if they work with our portfolio and try to capitalize on them the best we can, so a very active team.
Edward J. McMenamin: Yes, I suspect our business unit mix is an advantage for us. But I think at the end of the day, we have a great tax team that does exceptionally good work.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And very quickly, Meg, when you talk about expecting constant currency EPS growth of about 10%, what's the base on that? There've been some divestitures, some SKU rationalizations, is it the $0.81 base? Or how do we look at that from 2Q '12?
Margaret Roach Nollen: Yes, it is based off the $0.81 roughly, yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matthew Grainger, Morgan Stanley.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So I just wanted to get your thoughts on the pricing and promotional environment in North America, how you characterize things at the moment. Are you feeling any more or less confident than you were 3 months ago in being able to achieve whatever level of pricing is -- was embedded in your initial fiscal '13 plan? And should we consider the level of pricing we saw in North America in Q1 to be sort of reflective of what you're looking for, for the full year?
Arthur B. Winkleblack: Matt, it's -- I mean, to your point, it's a competitive world out there, there's no doubt about it. And the developed markets including the U.S. are certainly a challenge. But I think it's all about balance. This isn't -- it isn't a black-and-white thing and it varies by category and it varies by country. So it goes business-to-business, and we're trying to be very nuanced in our approach. So list pricing actions, in some cases, are not in the cards. On the flip side of that, we have driven, I think, very effectively against making our promotion spending more efficient and more effective, in many cases, both for us and for our trade customers. So I think Dave Moran has been doing a nice job with his team over in Europe on that. Dave Woodward certainly is focused in that arena. We're focused on it in Australia as well. So I'd say it's a difficult environment, but we're -- I think, we've got the tools and the knowledge to be more nuanced and more effective at it than maybe we would've been in the past. And then fundamentally, you probably got more pricing power in Emerging Markets just based on the fragmented trade environment and the more fragmented competitive set we see in those markets. So we believe we're on track to our plans for pricing, but it's certainly not an easy environment.
Margaret Roach Nollen: Yes, I think as always, the consumer is going to pay for what they perceive to be value, and we have to get that value equation right. In some cases, that means prices go up. In some cases, that means we get a little more competitive. And the key is the innovations, the brand support driving the consumer to the shelf, doing all the right things by the brand. And I know Dave Woodward and the North American team is striving for this long-term sustainable growth in their business, so stay tuned.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay. And a very quick housekeeping, apologies if I missed this, but have -- can you provide any sort of updated FX guidance either on the sales or EPS line for the full year?
Arthur B. Winkleblack: I think when we talked to you guys in May, we had expected that the FX would be an impact of about $0.06 for the full year. You saw that we got hit with $0.04 just in Q1 alone. If recollection serves me correctly, if the rates stayed around where they are now, you might see another $0.05 over that $0.06 that we were talking about, another $0.04 to $0.05. Having said that, we tend not to really adjust our outlook for ForEx this early in the year because you're starting to see a lot of volatility. And frankly, over the recent days, we're seeing some of the currency rates move slightly in our favor. So it's hard to say, it's early in the year yet, but I think there's probably another $0.04 to $0.05 if nothing changed on currency for the full year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rob Dickerson, Consumer Edge.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: So just a couple of quick questions for you. I guess the first is just on cash. I know you said, I think you put in the prepared remarks and discussed that you'd have cash of $1 billion-plus now. I know it could be a very small change, but before you were saying I think $1.1 billion. And in line with that, I also saw I guess the cash balances at the end of the year was a little bit higher than we're seeing in Q1. So I was wondering if you could just kind of provide a little color as to why there should be incrementally more pressure on operating free cash flow.
Arthur B. Winkleblack: Yes, let me be clear. We didn't consciously change anything in our guidance. So what we said in May, that is our outlook for cash flow. I think Q1 was impacted by 3 things, as Ed alluded to. First, we had the carryover productivity spending from the restructuring activities last year. That was $40-some million, which took our cash negative for the quarter. Capital spending was up a bit, and then there was some timing of receivable securitizations. But if you remember, we are a very back-half-oriented company. If you go back over the history of Heinz over the last 10 years, given the crop cycles in the Northern Hemisphere, we tend to be back-half-loaded in terms of cash flow. So we feel like we're on track for that. We've got a strong history of delivering cash. So we're tracking to it. As always, a lot of hard work to be done but we're on track. Your other question was on cash balance? Refresh my memory, Rob, what...
Margaret Roach Nollen: Right. The [indiscernible] but that's just we're buying inventories as crops are coming in, we're setting up for the year, so that's -- and the carryover productivity cash, so that's normal.
Arthur B. Winkleblack: That's normal cyclicality.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: Okay, perfect. And then I guess the second question is just a bit broader is you pre-released yesterday, EPS constant currency is up a little over 15%. You're saying, I guess, for Q2 that you expect a low double-digit tax rate, but then for the full year, you expect similar to what you guided to at the Investor Day. So that should be in line going up in the back half. It sounds like there's a little bit more investment coming in Q2 and really in the back half. So if you're not increasing guidance on constant currency from $0.05 to $0.08 even though you did 15% in Q1 and then Q2 would seem like you would have to be a little bit higher than guidance, too, just because of the tax rate again, is it -- is what -- are you just playing it safe in Q1 because it's early in the fiscal year? Or is what we should be expecting and modeling is basically a deceleration of EPS growth in the back half of the fiscal year really because the tax rate rolls off?
Arthur B. Winkleblack: Well, keep in mind 2 things, that first, the tax rate does get higher in the back half, no doubt about that. So that's largely a timing issue. But we are investing heavily in the business in the back half of the year. So some of that $120 million investment is more back-half loaded than front half just given the timing of the initiatives. So it's a combination of investment and then the timing of tax. But I think look back at our history, we have always shied away from moving guidance in the first -- our outlook in the first quarter. It's still early yet in the year. We'll see how things continue to progress. It's a volatile world out there, so I think we'll talk to you further on that in the end of Q2. But as we say, we have a history of trying to invest in the business to make sure that our growth is sustainable over the long term.
Margaret Roach Nollen: Sure. So as you're modeling, don't get ahead of your [indiscernible] please. This is a company that focuses on its targets. We've got a pretty broad target, $3.52 to $3.62 constant currency guidance. And when the company tends to exceed, we tend to reinvest to drive sustainable growth. So we've got a lot of very strong investments this year. And -- but to Art's point, it's the first quarter.
Arthur B. Winkleblack: Right, certainly.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Lazar, Barclays.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I just wanted to follow up quickly on I think it was Ed's comment where he'd mentioned that in frozen, I think both volume and price were contributors in the quarter. Just want to make sure I have that right, and if I do, when was sort of the last time you had that combination or that balance, if you will, in the frozen space? And was there anything in this quarter in particular that was either one-off about that, that I shouldn't expect that type of better balance going forward through the year, whether it's promotionally oriented or what have you? Or are we just getting back to a better balance given some of the changes in the price points and things that you're doing?
Edward J. McMenamin: You did hear right, that is what I said. When the last time that occurred, I can't tell you offhand.
Margaret Roach Nollen: It's been a while, Andrew. There's a lot of discipline, there's been a lot of hard work by the brand team, doing the right thing on the shelf, a lot of great innovation that's out there. There are so many nuances in the Nielsen data that we know you can't see. The main thing I would point out to you is Nielsen data is cash register ring [ph]. And so if the retailer makes some adjustments to their margin levels, that will reflect in Nielsen data. You think it's us, but it's not us. So Heinz is doing the right thing. The frozen team's working hard, the innovation's driving. But to your point, we haven't seen that balance. I'll have to go back, I don't have -- it's one of the factoids I don't have with me. You stumped me. But we'll go back and look for that. But kudos to the North American frozen team, they're working really hard.
Arthur B. Winkleblack: I think, Andrew, the -- yes, to that point, we're pleased that both frozen and ambient were up. Ambient was up a bit more than frozen, but frozen being up nonetheless, and I think part of that is that we continue to focus the portfolio on our bigger brands. And so this is all about investing behind the core brands, the power brands that we can get some real bang from the profit [ph]. And I'd -- over time, I'd like to continue that because that's where I think the growth can be driven quite successfully.
Edward J. McMenamin: And also keep in mind that the Long Fong business that we discussed was actually a headwind to the frozen volume during this quarter.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Right. Last thing, and it's immediately more qualitative, but I think you also, in addition to a change at the top of NACP, you've also had a fairly recent change in head of sales there with John Hans and trying to get a sense of perhaps what's kind of most clear and present in terms of opportunities that you get a sense coming from him as well.
Arthur B. Winkleblack: I think Dave's bringing a high level of energy. He's plugged in, he's got a track record of strong innovation and doing some great things in the U.K. We have every expectation that he'll do that in the U.S. as well. And so -- but it's early days and implementing changes that he'll continue to figure out exactly what he wants to do, and we'll keep you posted.
Margaret Roach Nollen: Yes, I think John is very excited about the emerging channels. There's been a lot of work that's been done, or alternate channels if you will, by the North American team, the U.S. team. And so he's really embracing that and the opportunity that's present for Heinz because that's not an area we had focused historically.
Edward J. McMenamin: Yes. And keep in mind, John came out of the U.S. business a few years ago and he was one of the guys who was instrumental in kicking off the trade promotion reduction program that we've talked about at USCP for a number of years.
Margaret Roach Nollen: That discipline and rigor. So it's a welcome to John back to the U.S. and a lot of good initiatives underway.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Moskow, Crdit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I guess my -- we did some work on operating income growth trends in the packaged food industry, and I'm sure you've seen this, too. But Heinz's income growth has only been, by our math, about 10% over the last 5 years when I strip out acquisitions. The group is 28%. And I guess this is another quarter where operating income is flat, albeit there's a currency hit. And as I look at the guidance for the rest of the year, it doesn't look like operating income is going to be a major driver of earnings growth. And it's what I use in my models to do my valuation, and I think it encompasses a lot of what drives value. I'm just wondering internally, how important is the operating income growth to executive compensation? And when you look at your performance versus your peer group, are you seeing the same thing?
Arthur B. Winkleblack: Yes, Rob, operating income growth is a key element of our compensation for all of our executives that run businesses. So yes, there is no lack of focus on it. I can't recognize the operating income numbers that you're talking about. Certainly, there's ForEx noise in there. There's divestiture noise in there.
Margaret Roach Nollen: Investment.
Arthur B. Winkleblack: And investment in the business. So I think all of those things play in, and we may need to compare notes on that front. But operating income is a key focus for us. And frankly, even with strong investment this year, we expect very solid operating income growth.
Margaret Roach Nollen: Yes. Rob, I saw -- we saw your note come through, and I just haven't had the time to focus on it yet. A, I think the number is understated. We'll get with you on it and see if we can't figure out. But b, understand that this is a company that's investing, and remember that Keystone has been gearing up over the last 5 years. And we've got -- we've been spending to really get highly efficient and leverage the scale of this organization. We have tremendous productivity coming in the coming years from Keystone alone, but it is a key goal of this organization to get our margins in that top tier, and we're going to go after it. So I saw that come through, but we'll be happy to work with you and narrow that down for you, help you out.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I'll show you what -- how I came to it. But here's another challenge for you guys. I've heard reinvestment a lot today and certainly at the Analyst Day, too. But then I look at the reshaping of the portfolio like the exit of T.G.I. Friday's, exit of Boston Market, exit of -- streamlining Long Fong. These are areas where a few years ago, there was significant investment in those projects. So have you -- I guess that's my challenge. It's like do you feel like this amount of reinvestment that you're doing now, we're not going to look back 3 years forward and say we have to streamline again?
Arthur B. Winkleblack: No. I think, Rob, we're getting focused on those core Top 15 brands, so we're really trying to focus where the biggest payback is. But I mean, to your point, over time the world changes and the realities change. Consumer traits change. Industry trends change. We will always try to be out front of those trends and those changes so that we're not getting dragged along behind trends. We're anticipating and we're getting out in front of them. We think those are the right things to do to continue to strengthen the portfolio. The investments are going behind our biggest brands, not some of these smaller brands. And I think one of the key statistics to keep an eye on or metrics is that percent of our total sales that are in those Top 15 brands, because those are the big powerhouse brands that I think have the leverage and the scale and the brand position to win. And so more and more, if we can focus the portfolio on those brands and then focus our resources, marketing and otherwise, on those, I think it's the right thing to do. But we're going to continue to evolve and adjust with the world that we're faced with.
Margaret Roach Nollen: Absolutely. And we've been talking to shareholders over the last several weeks and months frankly, who have actually praised us for moving quickly and making decisions. So we're trying some new things, and if they work, we continue to support them. If they don't, we make our move and we shift those dollars and reallocate them. And so I think Heinz is allocating its capital and its marketing dollars well, and the investment in systems is mandatory. It's something we have to do. As you know, we don't have a single ERP system where we can consolidate our global world, and that makes our world more difficult. And we've got to get that inefficiency out, so that spend is necessary. Regarding other investment spend, we evaluate. We're highly disciplined. And as you know, Bill thinks this industry overspends in given areas and he's going to make sure that we're getting a return for this money. And if we're not, he's going to -- he'll pull it and he'll move it elsewhere.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. Let me ask you just 2 quick modeling questions. One is the Venezuela, how much of a drag if that on fiscal '13 compared to what happened last year? And then lastly, marketing spend, you say you're going to be up $70 million. Quantitatively, is it going to look a little bit less because of currency?
Edward J. McMenamin: Let me say something about Venezuela first. I mean Venezuela was down in the first quarter, as I recall, both sales and profit-wise. You've got an environment there that's a little bit up in the air. They've got a big election coming up in October, and I think consumers are sort of sitting back and waiting to see how things trend. So that may stabilize as we go forward. Venezuela is not a big business for us, so it's not a huge impact, but it's not -- yes, and it certainly didn't help in Q1. In terms of the marketing spend, on a constant currency basis, we've talked about at least $70 million. To the extent that currency moves in the other direction, it could moderate from there. But I'll tell you, I suspect that we're going to have enough great ideas and enough good brand initiatives that we may go past that $70 million, we'll see.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. So when I look at I think $460 million of advertising expense or marketing expense in fiscal '12, should it look more like $530 million for fiscal '13 when it's all said and done?
Edward J. McMenamin: On a constant currency basis?
Arthur B. Winkleblack: Yes, yes, that would be right.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ann Gurkin, Davenport.
Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: I just wanted to ask one more thing about M&A opportunities. Any change in the pipeline, time line expectations for opportunities for M&A either domestically or internationally?
Arthur B. Winkleblack: Well, good question. We're working on -- it is a very active pipeline. We've got a lot going on, on that front. And frankly, we're thrilled with the performance of our 2 most recent acquisitions in Quero and Foodstar, so we'd love to get more just like them. Obviously, I can't speak about specific opportunities, but there's a number of them that we're working. The pipeline is very full. We -- especially in Emerging Markets, we tend to be very thorough and patient to ensure that we end up with the right strategic fit and we don't overpay. So we're excited about it. We're working on things. We'll keep you posted. We continue to work and focus on Emerging Markets and then also in our -- really 2 of our core categories, Ketchup & Sauces and Infant/Nutrition. But lots going on, and again, we'll keep you posted as time unfolds.
Margaret Roach Nollen: Yes, it's frustrating you can't get them across the line. These are relationships and negotiations, but we're not going to rush it. We're going to do the right thing. All right. Well, we look forward to seeing many of you next week at the Barclays Back-to-School Conference in Boston, where Art will present Wednesday, September 5. The time slot is now 9:45 a.m. And as always, Mary Ann and I will be around today to answer any follow-up questions. The whole IR team, the main line is (412) 456-6020. Have a great day.
Arthur B. Winkleblack: Thanks.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes the presentation. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-02-17 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Margaret Roach Nollen - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, Global Program Management Officer and Office of the Chairman Arthur B. Winkleblack - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Edward J. McMenamin - Senior Vice President of Finance
Analysts: Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Frances, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I'd like to welcome everyone to the H.J. Heinz Company Fiscal Year 2012 Third Quarter Earnings Release Conference Call. This call is being recorded at the request of the H.J. Heinz Company. [Operator Instructions] I'd now like to turn the call over to Meg Nollen, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Ms. Nollen, you may now begin the conference.
Margaret Roach Nollen: Thank you, Frances, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to welcome you to our conference call and webcast. Copies of the slide used in today's presentation are available at our website at heinz.com. Joining me on today's call are Art Winkleblack, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Ed McMenamin, Senior Vice President, Finance.  Before we begin with our prepared remarks, please refer to the forward-looking statement currently displayed, which is also available in this morning's earnings release and in our most recent SEC filings. To summarize, during our presentation, we may make forward-looking statements about our business that are intended to assist you in understanding the company and its results. We ask you to refer to our April 27, 2011 Form 10-K and today's press release, which lists some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in these statements. Heinz undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by securities laws.  We may also use non-GAAP financial measures in our presentation, as the company believes such measures allow for consistent period-to-period comparison of the business. The most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures are available in the company's earnings release and on our website at heinz.com.  Please note, we plan to file our third quarter 10-Q next Tuesday, February 21. Our complete financial highlights pages or stat pages will become available with the filing of the 10-Q and will be posted on the Investor Relations section of the heinz.com towards the bottom of the page. The P&L is out there today.  Now onto today's call. We'd like to request that you limit your questions during the Q&A session to one single-part question in order to ensure adequate time for all who wish to participate and to ensure we end the call timely.  With the formalities out of the way, let me turn the call over to Art Winkleblack. Art?
Arthur B. Winkleblack: Thanks, Meg. Good morning, everyone. Today, Ed and I will take you to through our Q3 results and expectations for the remainder of the fiscal year, and we'll try to be brief since we'll be seeing all of you next week at CAGNY. Overall, we're very pleased with our results for this quarter, highlighted by strong top line growth and good P&L leverage. Key facets of the performance for Q3 include strong sales growth, again driven by Emerging Markets, Global Ketchup and our Top 15 brands; continuing investments in marketing, processes and systems to drive future growth and productivity; and a double-digit increase in EPS, reflecting solid growth in operating income and a better-than-expected tax rate. In short, we drove both top and bottom line growth despite a very challenging environment in developed markets.  Turning to our ex items P&L scorecard for the quarter, you can see that currency translation had a negligible effect. Overall, sales grew by more than 7%, operating income increased better than 4% and EPS was up 13%. That's a good result as we continue to increase the investment in our brands and on Project Keystone while tightly controlling other spending. EPS got a boost from the favorable tax rate, which was 20% for the quarter. Again, this was better than expected and added $0.07 to the year-on-year increase in EPS. The most difficult result for the quarter was gross margin. While this margin level represents a continuation of sequential improvement in the business and is our high-water mark so far this fiscal year, it was still 140 basis points below last year. And to put this into perspective, our gross margin performance for the quarter was the third best in the peer group. We've left off specific company names here, but you can see that the whole group is working to overcome the harsh commodity inflation buffeting the industry. We're obviously not satisfied with this and our expectations are that commodity inflation, while not going away, will continue to moderate, easing the pressure on gross margins somewhat. With that said, let's turn back to the top line story. We're very proud of the fact that we've now driven 27 consecutive quarters of organic growth. And this quarter's organic growth of 4.6% represents our highest growth rate in nearly 3 years. Importantly, all segments reported positive organic sales growth in the quarter, led by the Rest of World and Asia/Pacific segments, but also reflecting positive growth in the difficult developed markets of Europe and North America. Again, this quarter, the formula for growth is based on our trio of growth engines: Emerging Markets, Global Ketchup and our Top 15 brands.  On our last earnings call, we mentioned that growth in Emerging Markets would accelerate in Q3, and that's exactly what happened. For the quarter, Emerging Markets generated very strong organic growth of 20%, and on a reported basis, the number was even stronger, up about 40% when you include sales from the Quero business we bought in Brazil in Q4 last year. Now on an organic basis, growth was driven by Latin America, China, Russia, Indonesia, India and Africa/Middle East.  Q3 was another strong quarter for Global Ketchup as well, where we delivered 9% organic growth, led by Latin America, U.S. Foodservice and Russia. Though smaller in scale, we also posted big percentage gains on Heinz Ketchup in Brazil and in China. And to round out the discussion of our growth engines, the Top 15 brands posted 6% organic growth, led by the Heinz brand, the Master brand of soy sauces in China and our ABC brand in Indonesia. Our Top 15 brands represent more than 70% of global sales and continue to grow as a percentage of our total mix.  A key to the continued growth in our portfolio is increasing support of our brands. Over a 5-year period ending in fiscal 2011, Heinz increased marketing spending by almost 60% to help drive organic growth, and we're continuing to increase our investment level this fiscal year. Through the first 9 months of FY '12, our spending is up another 10%, reflecting higher spending in both emerging and developed markets.  Now, let's take a quick look at top and bottom line performance in each of our key segments. First, in North American Consumer Products, we posted stable results in a difficult market with a challenged consumer. Organic sales were up 1%, offset by a 2% impact from the exit of Boston Market. Organic sales of frozen products were up in the U.S., while Ore-Ida sales were basically flat. The gains in frozen were partially offset by weaker sales in pasta sauces. Gross margin was impacted by net commodity inflation and lower margin product mix. We effectively leveraged SG&A spending, and we're excited to see the new accessible price point products reaching store shelves in Q4. We'll talk more about that next week at CAGNY.  U.S. Foodservice business returned to sales and profit growth in Q3, driven by branded/front-of-house products and continuing productivity initiatives. Importantly, Dip & Squeeze distribution continues to expand and is now available at Wendy's. With this addition, Dip & Squeeze already represents about 25% of our total branded portion control Ketchup business in the United States. The industry saw modest improvement in overall restaurant traffic, particularly in December, driven largely by quick serve restaurants, though traffic at some of our key customers is still down slightly. Gross margin strengthened sequentially but was still below prior year as net pricing has increased and commodity inflation is beginning to moderate. And finally, we continue to rationalize the factory footprint in order to drive down fixed costs.  Despite the headlines coming out of Europe these days, Heinz Europe posted solid results, with constant currency sales up over 4% and operating income about flat. Organic growth for the region was driven by another strong quarter in the U.K., up 6%, and continuing momentum in Russia, up 19%. Italy, on the other hand, was impacted by the country's debt crisis and incurred a 3-day national truck strike at the end of our quarter in late January. We continue to invest in processes and systems across Europe and are very pleased with ongoing progress in the rollout of Project Keystone and the establishment of the European supply chain hub and new Innovation Center.  Turning to the Asia/Pacific, that region posted nearly 7% constant currency sales growth and almost 23% operating income growth, a dramatic improvement from their results last quarter. Each emerging market in the region drove double-digit sales growth, led by China, Indonesia and India. China is generating particularly good growth in Foodstar, western sauces and infant nutrition. Operating income improvement for the segment was led by excellent growth in China, Japan and Indonesia. We also saw sequential improvement in Australia this quarter, driven by new leadership there.  Turning to the Rest of World segment, on a constant currency basis, both sales and operating income more than doubled. This growth was driven by continued strong performance in Latin America. A key element here is the addition of the Quero brand in Brazil, where the quarter sales in Brazil exceeded $100 million. Notably, we began distributing Heinz Ketchup in Brazil through the Quero sales force and have seen Ketchup sales almost double. Though still small, we have high expectations for this Ketchup business. Adding to the growth story in Latin America, we recently launched new baby food and ketchup pouches in Mexico and Central America. They're off to a great start, and we think this will be an important packaging innovation for cash-strapped consumers. And finally, Africa/Middle East contributed to the strong sales growth in the quarter as well.  Now, I'd like to turn it over to Ed for a bit deeper insight on the quarter. Ed?
Edward J. McMenamin: Thanks, Art, and good morning, everyone. I'll take you through some of the details underlying our financial results, which reflect strong top line and bottom line growth. Let's look first at EPS. Consistent with our previous releases this year, we're reporting our results in fiscal 2012 adjusting for the special charges related to our productivity initiatives. To summarize Q3, going from right to left, including the $0.07 cost of our productivity initiatives, reported EPS was $0.88, up $0.04 or almost 5% from last year. Our constant currency EPS and EPS excluding special charges were both $0.95, up 13.1% as foreign exchange activity this quarter had virtually no impact on the bottom line. Here, you can see the components of our productivity charges and where they're reflected in the P&L. In Q3, we incurred $9 million for severance and employee benefit costs relating to the reduction of the global workforce; $11 million related to asset write-offs for the closure of 6 factories so far this year, and we're working towards exiting at least 2 more factories by year end; $14 million of other implementation expenses, primarily professional fees, contract termination and relocation costs, incurred to improve manufacturing efficiencies, most notably affecting our Australian business.  Overall, we recorded charges of $34 million pretax, of which $22 million is in cost of goods sold and $12 million in SG&A. The after-tax impact of the charges was $23 million or $0.07 per share, and the entire amount was reported in our non-operating segment. As a reminder, we currently expect the total cost of these initiatives to be around $215 million pretax or $0.50 per share for the full fiscal year, and we continue to look for additional opportunities to drive cost down further. The rest of our financial discussion will focus on the results excluding these special items, as we believe it provides the most useful perspective for evaluating our performance.  Now turning to the P&L. Net sales exceeded $2.9 billion, up almost 8% on a constant currency basis. Gross profit dollars were up 4% on a constant currency basis as higher pricing and acquisitions were partially offset by higher net commodity costs. As Art mentioned, gross margin was down, along with all of our peers as a result of the commodity cost movements. Marketing expense increased in line with our strong top line growth while SG&A increased at only 1/4 of the rate of sales. SG&A was up 2% on both a reported and constant currency basis, reflecting increases from acquisitions, incremental talent to support growth in our Emerging Markets, as well as Project Keystone. We continue to prioritize investment to support the future while balancing overall costs. In fact, SG&A in our developed markets was down versus the prior year, reflecting our focus on tight cost controls.  Operating income was up around 5% on a constant currency basis despite soft results in the U.S. and Italy, as well as incremental investments for marketing and Keystone. Net interest and other expense increased $5 million, primarily due to interest expense. The effective tax rate for the quarter was 20% compared to 26.1% last year primarily due to the release of foreign tax reserves no longer subject to claims, as well as reduced repatriation costs. We're now anticipating a tax rate for the full year, excluding special charges, in the mid to low 20s. This reflects the reserve I just mentioned, as well as other foreign tax planning initiatives. At the bottom line, we delivered a net -- an increase in net income of 12% and EPS of 13% in Q3.  Looking at the key components of sales growth, as Art mentioned, we delivered organic sales growth of 4.6% for the quarter, the highest growth since fiscal 2009. Price improvements of 4.2%, particularly in the U.S., U.K. and Latin America, drove this growth, while volume was slightly positive at 0.4%. The Emerging Markets delivered balanced organic growth, with volume and price both up approximately 10%, and the developed markets in Europe posted positive volume with the exception of Italy. Japan had a strong performance, exceeding 10% volume growth this quarter, while we saw declines in Canada and Australia, as well as a small decline in the U.S. The Quero net acquisition, net of Boston Market, added 2.9% to our top line, while foreign exchange reduced sales by 40 basis points. Our gross margin at 36.4% declined 140 basis points as our pricing and productivity initiatives effectively offset approximately half of the headwinds from the commodity markets. Looking specifically at commodities, we've seen inflation in most of our key raw materials, particularly sweeteners, metals, meat and dairy. The overall result has been market inflation for the quarter of around 7%, in line with our full year expectations.  Finally, for the quarter, operating free cash flow was about $250 million, down from last year. This reflects a $34-million outflow for productivity initiatives, increased QOWC, particularly receivables driven by growth in Asia and Brazil, while inventory and payables will roughly offset each other. Additionally, increased capital spending reflected further investments in Project Keystone, capacity projects in the Emerging Markets and new productivity initiatives. In total, capital expenditures were 3.4% of sales, up 70 basis points from the prior year. Dividends reflect a 6.7% increase that we announced in May. And finally, the increase in treasury stock reflects the repurchase of about 800,000 shares at a total cost of $42 million, net of options exercised.  Now let's move to the balance sheet scorecard through 9 months. Capital expenditures were 3.2% of sales, up 70 basis points from the prior year, reflecting the investments I just mentioned. We're still anticipating spending of around 4% of sales for the full fiscal year. Our cash conversion cycle at 45 days slipped by 1 day versus last year as a 3-day improvement in payables was offset by 2 days in receivables and inventory. Operating free cash flow of $476 million was down from last year. We spent $64 million in our productivity initiatives so far this year, and QOWC has increased primarily due to the timing of payables. Overall, QOWC should be in line with fiscal '11 by year end as a result of our concerted efforts to reduce inventories.  Additionally, in line with our plans, cash taxes are higher this year, and capital spending is up on a year-to-date basis. Net debt to EBITDA was 2.0x this year versus 1.8x last January. The increase was due to higher net debt primarily related to the Brazilian acquisition, but we remain quite pleased with the improvements in net debt to EBITDA from just a few years ago. ROIC was 18.6%, down 70 basis points from this time last year. But if you adjust for the Brazilian acquisition, the base business would show an improvement of 20 basis points over the comparable period last year.  In summary, our performance for this quarter reflects solid top line and EPS growth, with substantial incremental investments back into our business to help support future growth.  With that, I'll now turn it back to Art to take you through our full-year outlook.
Arthur B. Winkleblack: Thanks, Ed. Now let's finish after a quick look at the full year forecast. On an ex items basis, we're confident that we'll deliver on the expectations we established at our Analyst Day last May. Those goals included constant currency sales growth of 7% to 8%, EPS growth of 6% to 8% and operating free cash flow of around $1.15 billion. As discussed last quarter, given the negative changes in the economic environment, our path is a bit different than we had originally expected.  On a reported ex items basis, we're narrowing our range and expect to deliver EPS of between $3.32 and $3.34. This includes the full year benefit of approximately $0.05 from foreign currency. Thus, this range should equate to constant currency performance of around $3.27 to $3.29, which is at the middle of our original outlook of $3.24 to $3.32. And this effectively takes up the bottom of our expected range.  So as we look forward, we expect to continue our top line momentum, further invest in the business, deliver double-digit EPS growth in Q4 and aggressively reduce inventory levels. As part of this, as Ed mentioned, we now expect our full year tax rate to be in the mid to low 20s. And finally, we expect to deliver $1 billion in operating free cash flow on a reported basis after the impact of spending for special items.  So to summarize, we're posting solid sales and EPS results in a challenging environment; driving the top line primarily through growth in Emerging Markets, Global Ketchup and an increase in marketing behind our Top 15 brands; continuing to invest in the business for sustainable long-term growth despite the environment; successfully executing our productivity initiatives to further build the foundation for the future; and expecting to deliver our original full year outlook.  So with that, I'll turn it back to Meg, and we'll take your questions. Meg?
Margaret Roach Nollen: All right, operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from the line of Ken Goldman from JPMorgan.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: It seems, at least optically, that you're guiding to a little bit of a drop in performance between 3Q and 4Q, maybe a little bit more sudden than some people might have expected. So I guess my question is, first, is this accurate? And second, if so, maybe you could walk us through some of the drivers of that relative softness.
Arthur B. Winkleblack: No, I think, frankly, we're real pleased with the performance in the business. I mean, you saw the strong growth at the top line. The 3 growth engines are continuing to bang away. We've got sequential improvement in Australian foodservice. We're investing in the business. We're taking out inventory. For the quarter, ROI was up nicely, and we continue to drive the productivity initiatives. So we're feeling very good about the business. I think what you're seeing is some timing in terms of the tax impact. Certainly, the tax was better than we expected this quarter, probably a little bit worse than we expected next quarter, so largely timing there. This allows us flexibility, frankly. I mean, in this tough environment, there is just no reason to be heroic. So I think we are prudently balancing the P&L. We're also aggressively taking out inventory in the fourth quarter. And as you know, as you reduce inventory, you take an absorption hit. You're pulling basically fixed costs off the balance sheet into the P&L and there's a hit associated with that, but we think that's the right thing to do, to pull inventory out and to drive cash flow. So now, we feel very good about the business and feel very good about the fact that we're taking it to the middle of the range and taking up the bottom end of our guidance.
Margaret Roach Nollen: Absolutely. The only other thing I would add is, if you take the numbers we've given you on FX, we're going to take a hit next quarter on FX, and that obviously was not anticipated. So we are at a positive $0.08 for the company year-to-date, and our guidance this morning includes a positive $0.05. So that's a $0.03 hit potentially in the fourth quarter from FX alone. So you take the FX hit, you take the absorption hit and a little softness, but it's not major softness. It's -- I think we're going to have an incredibly strong quarter. If we hit these numbers we put out there, guys, that's double-digit OI [ph] and EPS, and that is nothing to be -- to sneeze that. So we're hitting on all cylinders, as you saw, with all of our segments at positive organic growth. So...
Arthur B. Winkleblack: Yes. So in short...
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: What does that mean, though? Art, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to interrupt you, but what does that mean? Could you add a little bit of color on the inventory? Is it an inventory hit because volumes weren't as strong as expected? Or is this more of a planned hit as you close some of your plants?
Arthur B. Winkleblack: I think we're looking to drive cash flow and drive quality of earnings. That's been a hallmark, I think, for Heinz, and so we're aggressively taking inventory out. It's certainly a little harder to project in this kind of environment and in some of the developed markets. But the reality is, if you take a lot of inventory out, which is what our expectation is, it comes with a P&L impact.
Edward J. McMenamin: And typically, in the fourth quarter, you would see our inventories drop just due to the seasonal nature of our business. This year, we're making a very, very concerted effort to drive that down further than we normally would.
Margaret Roach Nollen: To your point, Ken, we have some acquisitions. Their inventory levels are higher than kind of company average. Company average is high. And there's a little bit of volume softness, but I wouldn't attribute this wholesale to that at all. This is going to be a big effort for us, and it really sets us up for the long term. It's the right thing to do.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Is it a 1 quarter inventory issue? Is it 1 quarter and then done?
Arthur B. Winkleblack: I think we're looking to be very aggressive here. But over time, we'll continue to always look to take inventory out, not -- certainly not at the pace of what we're expecting in the fourth quarter. But this is very much in line with Bill's strategy. I think in this kind of environment, you want to make sure you're driving cash flow to provide flexibility for the business and for shareholders. So aggressively taking out inventory, driving out fixed costs. It's clear that customers these days won't pay for people's overhead. So we are getting aggressive across the board.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Chris Growe from Stifel, Nicolaus.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I wanted to ask you, Art, I guess about the -- like the cost inflation in relation to your pricing and productivity. Can we just understand kind of the phasing of the cost inflation for this year? I was surprised to hear that you only had about half of it covered in this quarter. Is that expected to get better in Q4? Is there any that's lingering into 2013? I don't want to get too far ahead of ourselves here, but how do you see those 2 lining up?
Arthur B. Winkleblack: Yes, as we have projected, we said that inflation was going to hit its high-water mark in the second quarter, which it did. I think we're around 10% market inflation at that point. It's down to around 7% market inflation in the third quarter. We do expect that to continue to moderate into the fourth quarter. And the good news is that over time, we have been getting better price realization. If you recall, particularly in U.S. Foodservice, pricing comes in chunks as national account contracts come up and things like that. So our price realization is getting better and commodity inflation is moderating. So we do expect sequential improvement from a gross margin standpoint. And so we're looking to finish up the year pretty much as expected on that front.
Edward J. McMenamin: And then if you go back to our earlier releases, the earlier quarters, we were seeing commodity inflation higher than the 7%. The 7% we experienced this quarter is in line for the full year, so you see that trending down, which is what we said in previous calls. And that still looks to be the truth.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And was there -- just to follow up on a point made to Ken, is there -- are you quantifying the inventory hit for the fourth quarter?
Arthur B. Winkleblack: No, not really. I think we'll see, as things come out and it's all a question of exactly when the inventory comes down, is it early in the quarter, is it late in the quarter, et cetera, so -- but it's certainly a factor in why we guided or put together the outlook that we did.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of David Palmer with UBS.
David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: 2 questions, 1 on Europe and then 1 on Ore-Ida. The Europe business seems to be hanging in there pretty well. It's a pretty good top line this quarter. Profit is stable against, I guess, a little bit tougher margin comparisons. I think a lot of folks are just scared of Europe right now. You're hanging in there. How are you thinking about how this next year is setting up into fiscal '13 in Europe? Folks are obviously more concerned about Southern Europe. You have that baby food business down there. U.K. business, you seem to be in a very good competitive position. Any color would be helpful.
Arthur B. Winkleblack: Yes. At this point, I'm probably not going to say a lot about '13, but let me just give you a flavor for how we're thinking about Europe and what's going on there. Reality is, about half of our business in Europe is in the U.K. That business has been going extremely well for us. We're very, very pleased with the execution and the strategy that the guys there have from a marketing and a sales standpoint. So very good performance there. U.K. soup in the quarter was up dramatically. We're coming out with great innovations, things like Squeeze & Stir, the Talking Labels. We've got a lot of PR going on, so there's lots of good things going on there. And I just think we are executing extremely well in a tough market. There's no doubt about it. But I think we are advantaged by the fact that the bulk of our business or certainly roughly half of our business is in the U.K. But even beyond the U.K., if you look at what else is working there, Ketchup in Europe, across Europe, is doing extremely well. Rolling airboats [ph] has been driving that for us globally and certainly across Europe. And we've talked to you about the performance there in the past, and that performance continues to do extremely well and, in fact, accelerate. So Ketchup across Europe is doing well. If you think about Russia, that's a real growth engine for us. Organic sales up around 19%, as I recall, in the quarter. So that's a combination of sauces and also baby food. So we feel very good about that. I mean, to your point about Southern Europe, yes, it's a tough environment, no doubt about it. Italy is a tough place to be doing business. We had a truck strike at the end of the third quarter that certainly impeded sales somewhat in Q3. But here again, we're innovating. We're bringing new products out there. We've just got Aseptic, which is a much higher quality baby food product that has come out in Italy and that's in the U.K. as well. And as we look forward, we're investing in the supply chain hub there, which should bring great manufacturing efficiencies. We're putting in the Heinz Innovation Center, which should amp up our ability to innovate across Europe. And finally, Keystone continues to roll out. So net-net, yes, Europe is a tough environment, but I think we're doing all the right things.
David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And then Ore-Ida, it seems to -- in some period, the Nielsen data, it looks like Ore-Ida is over 100% of the volume hit to that, to what you're doing at retail. Can you just talk about what the prospects are there, what's being done to fix that? I know you obviously have the new packaging coming this quarter. But what should we be looking for?
Arthur B. Winkleblack: Yes, no, good question. I mean, Ore-Ida, sales were basically flat for the quarter, with price up and volume down. And as we said before, we -- as the leader of that category, we took significant pricing last fall -- or actually before then. So it's been quite a while. Private label tended to stay down. The result was a bit of a value gap there. And frankly, we could get that share back tomorrow, but what we're trying to do is balance really volume, price share and margin. I would say elasticity in that category is probably higher than we'd originally anticipated. And I think if Bill were here, he would use his old maximum of fix the problem and market the fix. So we're addressing it with -- addressing the value gap on our 2-pound bag. We're also, as you know, launching a 1-pound bag at $1.99. We have high hopes for what that will do for us. And the plan basically is, once we've resolved the value gap, then we'll go back on air from a marketing standpoint to market the fix. But we want to make sure that we've addressed the root issue, and then once we're confident of that, we will market that fix.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Thilo Wrede from Jefferies.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Could you give us a little bit of an overview of how you see the U.S. economy right now? You're about to or you've started to ship these smaller pack sizes to lower opening price points, and some of your competitors are talking about volume weaknesses that are hurting their profits. But are these small pack sizes, are they still needed? Are they coming too late given that the overall economy seems to be improving when you look at some of these indicators?
Arthur B. Winkleblack: Yes, frankly, I'll say what I've always said about the U.S. economy. I am maybe more pessimistic than certainly our government is about where this economy goes. I think this is going to continue to be a tough place to do business, in the U.S. You're not seeing companies doing a lot of hiring. In fact, you're hearing more companies announcing layoffs and things like that. So with that, we're going to hope for the best and plan for the worst. I think you're seeing more perimeter shopping as people use ingredient cooking. Within the U.S., some people are shifting to more cheaper meals out, and you're seeing the benefit of that in some of the QSRs, particularly McDonald's and SUBWAY. But at the end of the day, we're not going to chase share. We could easily buy volume in this kind of market. But I think we're going to continue to try to do the right things, recognize the environment for what it is. I think value means different things to different people, and I believe Bill will expand upon that at CAGNY next week. For some people, volume means lower cost per ounce. For others that are really struggling, it is that entry level price point. And so that's what we're trying to address. And at all levels of the socioeconomic ladder, we're going to be innovating to meet those needs. It used to be a little simpler in that you could address just the relatively more affluent. Now we need to address, again, all parts of the ladder and that's what we're doing.
Margaret Roach Nollen: Yes. I think when you look at the economy, it's nice to see some improving statistics. But unemployment is still over 8%. You have more people on food stamps than ever before. There are a number of factors, and I don't want to take Bill's fire so I'll stop before I get in trouble. But I think small sizes have a place with the American consumer. We're going to get it in the right channels. Alternate channels are doing very well outside of that retail-measured data, and I think that's part of the piece that you guys can't see right now.
Edward J. McMenamin: In addition to the economic stresses, I mean, I think the smaller sizes also address smaller household sizes, and that's probably here for a while regardless of the rebound in the economy.
Arthur B. Winkleblack: Yes. So, Thilo, to -- a short answer to your original point, do we think it's too late on those smaller sizes? No, absolutely not. We think it's very well timed.
Margaret Roach Nollen: We would have loved to have had them sooner, but it's not too late.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Right. And this shift won't have any negative impact on your margins?
Arthur B. Winkleblack: No, what we're working do is make sure that we do this smartly, and we're driving value engineering to take out non-value-added costs that the consumer doesn't want to pay for. So we don't anticipate that. We're looking to drive this in a margin-neutral kind of way.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Alexia Howard from Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Can I ask about the frozen entres segment? There wasn't too much commentary in the press release or on the call so far. But specifically, Smart Ones and T.G.I.F., maybe you could speak to those separately. It looked again from the measured channel data that the promotional spending was up quite a bit in the frozen entres area, and I was wondering if that was an indication of just ongoing category weakness and competitive dynamics in there.
Arthur B. Winkleblack: Yes, as you remember, Alexia, the frozen entre category is very cyclical with strength of the economy. And so what you're seeing is continued softness in that nutritional frozen entre category. Having said that, I think we're doing all the right things and driving innovation and very aggressively going after each of the dayparts very successfully with Smart Ones. So I think that's proof positive of, hey, you do the right thing, you got the right kind of innovation, you hit the right kind of value equation and you can win in this kind of market. And that's what we're trying to do. It would be nice if the category would stabilize and go up, but we're not going to hold our breath on that. It's been a number of years now that, that entre category has been down. And again, if the economy strengthens, we should be well positioned to ride that. But we're going to continue to plan our game based on the environment that we're faced with.
Margaret Roach Nollen: Yes, Smart Ones, I don't think the team is getting enough credit for a lot of great work they've been doing: diversifying the portfolio, going for the 24/7 platform. Remember, we're very heavily weight management focused, and Weight Watchers has been doing well, advertising, celebrity spokespersons, et cetera. And Smart Ones has been gaining share for the last 2 years every quarter, so there's some really good things going on there. Your point, the category -- and the frozen category is soft, but we've been winning with Smart Ones.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: And then T.G.I.F.?
Arthur B. Winkleblack: T.G.I.F., we feel very good about snacks business within T.G.I.F. That's about 70% of the platform there. So that part of it, we like. It's been working. I think on the entre side, a bit weaker, and that's really reflecting a very tough category dynamic there. So we'll continue to take a look at what the environment looks like there and what the appropriate actions are.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Eric Katzman from Deutsche Bank.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I guess I want to focus in on M&A a little bit. Can you talk about between Quero and Foodstar from a EPS perspective, what they either subtracted or added to this past quarter, what it looks like for the fourth quarter. And then any -- just, at least, a quantitative or qualitative sense on what those could mean for F '13.
Arthur B. Winkleblack: Yes, yes. Eric, we are thrilled with how those businesses are performing. They are just off to a roaring start. You're seeing just some huge numbers coming out of Foodstar over in China. I think our team there is managing it very, very well and not trying to bite off more than they can chew. They're building their capacity. They're going one province at a time. And you're seeing some big numbers coming out of there, and we fully expect that to continue. In terms of Brazil, that is tracking right on plan. As I mentioned, we got Ketchup in there now going through the Quero sales force, big growth coming out of there now. It's off a small base, but we're very excited about that and, frankly, just excited about all the categories in Brazil and our ability to take their products through the modern trade or upgrading their manufacturing capability, et cetera, et cetera. So I think, frankly, I think that from a bottom line standpoint, I won't quote you specific numbers because I don't have them off the top of my head, but I think just moderately positive this year. So probably a bit of a help, and next year, we certainly have high expectations for them.
Margaret Roach Nollen: Yes. I mean, obviously, the goal for us is to take those earnings and reinvest them back into the business. So we've just launched television for the first time with the Quero brand this quarter, went on air, seeing tremendous response from that. We're back on air after many years of being dark with the Master brand, soy brand in China. And frankly, I think in some cases, we just can't spend it fast enough. So there are plans to continue to invest and keep these brands growing. But it's not -- I don't think it's substantial, but I think they clearly brought [indiscernible]...
Arthur B. Winkleblack: In a nutshell, we're driving this for the long haul. And what we're trying to do is really invest in that brand and make sure that this thing turns into a very, very big, important business for us over time.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: That's understood and logical. I'm just trying to go back to the Analyst Day last May. And I think that you had quoted that between Foodstar and Quero, they would be, at least, I think it was $0.05 per share dilutive. And now you're saying that those are going to be moderately positive. So is some of the performance in the earnings a function of those actually doing a bit better than you thought on the bottom line?
Arthur B. Winkleblack: Yes, Eric, I wouldn't be too specific. I don't recall $0.05...
Margaret Roach Nollen: Yes, that was last year's number, I think. I think we were flat this year...
Arthur B. Winkleblack: Yes, I think that was probably last year's. But I do think we're slightly better than planned at the bottom line. But again, the strategy is to invest in the business as opposed to letting all of the sales upside fall to the bottom line.
Margaret Roach Nollen: Eric, I'll source the transcript and give you a call this afternoon.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then just as a quick follow-up on -- you've got the cash cost of the restructuring, the higher CapEx, Project Keystone, et cetera. All these spending levers, some expense, some cash. How are you feeling about the company's capability of making a larger acquisition?
Arthur B. Winkleblack: I think as we've always said, our sweet spot is in that sort of bolt-on kind of arena. Things like Foodstar and Quero, that's our bread-and-butter. We know how to do it, we do it very well, focused on Emerging Markets and things like that. So that tends to be our sweet spot. For the right situation that fit well, we'd certainly do a larger deal. We did HP/LP a while back. That was an $850-million deal. So we've done larger deals in the past, but our sweet spot is really the bolt-on side.
Margaret Roach Nollen: I think that's a great question for Bill next week.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Jason English from Goldman Sachs.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I want to go back to this inventory issue because, sorry, I was a little distracted, maybe I missed it. It sounds like you plan on taking a lot of inventory out of the system in the fourth quarter. I was just looking through your balance sheet and noticed that for a couple of years, you had great success in lowering your finished goods or work-in-process inventory below the rate of sales. And for the last 4 quarters, it surprisingly ramped higher. Is this sort of correctional actions to reverse what's happened in the last few quarters?
Arthur B. Winkleblack: No. No, I mean, if you think about it, you've got the impact of the acquisitions in there. Particularly, you've got both Foodstar and Quero that -- our inventory that obviously we didn't hold before we acquired them. So that is a big chunk of the increase. I think in this kind of environment, where some of the demand side of things is a little more volatile than it has been in the past, it's gotten more challenging to constantly stay on top of exactly where demand goes and exactly what your production forecast should look like. So this is just in recognition of the fact that we want to take this inventory out. It's the right thing to do for the business. We think we have the opportunity and let's get after it.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I understand on the acquisition, but the acquisition is also in the sales growth. So I guess what I'm getting at is, I'm curious if -- the fact that your finished goods have been ramping ahead of sales, you kind of had better utilization rates. Has that artificially boosted gross margins the last few quarters?
Arthur B. Winkleblack: I wouldn't say materially that I know of. But keep in mind also that with the productivity initiatives that we've got going and the closure of a number of plants, in certain cases before you close the plant, you are going to have to build some buffer stock and things like that. So that's a bit of the story as well. So I think that probably plays into the equation. And with a lot of that behind us, though, a bit more to come, as you know, it's time to get very focused on inventory and take it out.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And one last question and I'll pass it on. Venezuela, there's been a lot of chatter. And I know Hugo Chavez mentioned Heinz is one company that it's investigating for potential price controls. Is there any update on that? And if we were to presume that price controls were put in place, how might the abatement of the hyperinflation impact your Emerging Markets sales growth?
Arthur B. Winkleblack: It's unclear, the exact situation in some ways down there, but we've operated in Venezuela for over 50 years. We have a great team there. We manage that environment, I think, extremely effectively. We're continuing to deal with the vagaries of the market, but at the end of the day, we don't expect a material impact.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Andrew Lazar from Barclays Capital.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just, I guess, first thing would be, Art, can you just remind us what you have already kind of set out there about how the incremental sort of productivity actions you're taking, Keystone and such -- how do they play out from a benefit standpoint as we go into fiscal 2013? And I know you're not going to get into '13 guidance, but what have you said, if you could remind me, on the benefits and how they play out in '13?
Arthur B. Winkleblack: Yes, from a Keystone standpoint, as you recall, that's -- it's really kind of a slow build. We've taken a very, I would say, methodical approach in rolling out Keystone, making sure that we don't bet the farm and introduce too much risk into the business. So we continue to knock off the markets one at a time here. And so that -- we probably won't be largely done with Keystone until, I don't know, end of 2014, something like that. FY '14 is what we have -- what we've said and we're sticking to that. And so I think the bulk of the benefits will be out a ways from Keystone. Now you're certainly seeing -- we've got SAP in the U.K., for instance. U.K. business has been doing extremely well, and I will chalk most of that up to very, very strong leadership with the right strategy and the right execution. But I got to tell you, I think we're arming that team with the right tools and giving them the right visibility of the business, and we're seeing benefit out of it. But market by market, you'll start seeing that. But I think the big chunks of benefits out of Keystone will be more toward FY '14 and beyond.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Great. That's helpful. And then I just want to pick up on the pricing and productivity question earlier. It's just interesting, like from a group perspective, over time, the group has typically been able to cover inflation with pricing, and productivity sort of helped margins. And then I'd say more recently, it's really been pricing and productivity that's generally for the industry been needed to sort of cover inflation. And I just -- I thought it was notable this quarter when you mentioned that pricing and productivity covered half of inflation. And again, I don't think that's necessarily all that dissimilar from some of your peers, but it is a notable difference than what we have seen over time. Do you think that's something that has just structurally changed? Or are we in just such an anomalous sort of time frame from a consumer and sort of input-cost perspective that it just wasn't doable this time around? I'm just really curious on your thoughts there.
Arthur B. Winkleblack: Yes. I think the reality is that the -- it is an interesting time here from an economic standpoint where the unemployment rate went quite high at the same time that commodity inflation went up significantly. I think all this washes out over time. And so you've got an interesting period of time here, and it certainly varies by market. I mean, in many of our Emerging Markets, we're seeing strong growth in margins and -- both at the gross and the operating margin line. But in some of these developed markets, it's a tougher equation. And -- so again, I believe it'll wash out over time. But with the combination of high unemployment, a lot of people deleveraging in terms of taking down their personal debt and commodities going up at the same time, pretty tough environment. But frankly, good question to ask Bill, and I think...
Margaret Roach Nollen: Yes, I think you're going to hear a lot from Bill next week.
Arthur B. Winkleblack: Yes. Why don't you talk to him about that next week? And I'm sure he'll have a pretty strong point of view on that.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Rob Moskow from Crdit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: You have kind of another question on the gross margin. If I look at what the numbers are shaping up for the year, it looks like you're guiding gross margin down for fourth quarter. Can I assume it's about a 100-basis-point hit, partial as a result of the inventory absorption?
Arthur B. Winkleblack: I'm not sure I want to get that specific about it. We do expect gross margin to be down on a year-over-year basis in the fourth quarter, but sequentially better than what we have been seeing.
Edward J. McMenamin: As we said in the earlier quarters, going back to the way commodities and pricing are going, is we expect that comparison to gradually get easier as the year went through, but still a challenge.
Arthur B. Winkleblack: Yes, yes. So -- and that's why during this time, I think we're doing the right things. We are very aggressively going after fixed costs and trying to take that out to take pressure off. We're looking to value engineer, and again, we're looking to maintain very strong quality of the products, obviously. But there are often non-value-added costs that you can get out in terms of packaging or cartons or whatever, also taking out the fixed costs associated with some of the plants that, frankly, we didn't need. So we're working it hard.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Yes, let me ask you then on SG&A. The last -- first 2 quarters of the year, you were up about $60 million, $50 million year-over-year. I think the acquisition played a role in that. You're only up $27 million in third quarter, and you said that you've attacked SG&A costs, you've tightened those. Can you tell us what has been cut in SG&A? And then also, if advertising is up, I think, about 7% this year, what do you think it's going to be for the full year? Is it going to be up again in the fourth quarter?
Arthur B. Winkleblack: Yes, year to date, we're up about 10%, and we will -- we do anticipate marketing spending to be up again in the fourth quarter. But from an SG&A standpoint, we continue to invest in the areas where we feel like we need added capabilities. So we've talked about Keystone hit, supply chain hub. We've talked about Emerging Markets. So we're continuing to invest in there, but I think good management teams make trade-off decisions. And so as we invest there, the question is, hey, what are you not going to spend money on? So we're just tightening our belt across the board. We've taken a look at layers in the organization, spans of control. We've taken a look at just lots of discretionary spending. And if we don't need to do it, we don't do it.
Edward J. McMenamin: Rob, also if you look back to last year, the phasing of our investments last year were gradually increased all through the year, versus this year we've probably taken a more -- as we said before, a more steady approach throughout the year. So I think that's part of the comparisons that you talked about, say, first half to second half.
Margaret Roach Nollen: Absolutely.
Arthur B. Winkleblack: Yes.
Margaret Roach Nollen: All right. Well, in interest of time, I know we've got another peer company with a call coming up. So I think we've got time for one more.
Operator: And that question will come from the line of David Driscoll from Citi Investment.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I'll make it quick. Nice quarter in a tough environment. I want to just ask a little bit more about the acceleration in the Emerging Markets. Certainly, growth in Asia/Pac of 6.5% and Rest of World at 30%. By the way, one of these days, you guys got to change the segment name of Rest of World to something more attractive. The growth in these segments was really terrific. How sustainable are these types of rates of growth? And can you talk about capacity constraints? Because I know in both the Foodstar acquisition and in the Quero acquisition, capacity issues were very key in your initial assessment of what those businesses would contribute to Heinz. So can you talk about both the growth rates going forward and then the capacity side?
Arthur B. Winkleblack: Yes, I think this Emerging Market thing Bill's been working at for years and years, and we as a management team have been working at it years and years because we saw this coming. To be quite honest, you just have to look at the dynamics in these Emerging Markets where the rising middle class, more discretionary income, fragmented trade environment, fragmented competitive set, I mean, all dynamics in those markets are very positive. And so we see for a long period of time very strong growth in those kinds -- those markets. And you're seeing -- if you look over the past, and we've been at that double digit kind of rate. And we sure expect that kind of number to continue over the long haul. Because it's -- this is not a short-term phenomena. If you look at just some of the demographics over the next 10 to 20 years, you will see dramatic growth in those markets that will help consumer product kind of companies. So we're very, very attuned to that. The strategy is all built for it.
Margaret Roach Nollen: Bill will talk more.
Arthur B. Winkleblack: Yes, Bill will talk more next week. But we've got the right kind of talent, we're investing in those businesses, we're building capabilities in it and I think we're in good shape there. From a capacity standpoint, yes, we're going to have to build factories occasionally. And we are in certain places. We are in the acquisitions, and that's why our capital spending this year, if you look at it, is a little bit higher than our historic -- I don't know, we've been at 2.5%. We're probably up to 3.5% to 4% this year. And a lot of that is around Emerging Markets. Good investment, very strong return to the shareholders.
Edward J. McMenamin: On average, we've taken that CapEx spending up to 4%, but a disproportionate share of that CapEx spending relative to sales is going to the Emerging Markets.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Well maybe just a final follow-up. That 30% in Rest of World, that number is -- that's not just double-digit, that's one of the strongest numbers we've seen from any company. So that's the number that I find, from just modeling the future, the toughest number to deal with, because at one sense, it looks great and there's probably no reason to believe you don't continue in the next couple of quarters. But I always wonder if there's something out there that you know of that changes it back down to like 15% or something like that.
Arthur B. Winkleblack: Yes, I wouldn't get into conjecture on particular segments of the business. But we expect very strong growth there across Latin America. We expect the Quero business to be a great addition to this portfolio. So I think we're continuing to look for strong growth there.
Margaret Roach Nollen: Well, and it's provided us additional scale in that whole region. So our -- Mexico, Costa Rica, Colombia, Peru, I mean, we have a lot of businesses that now have more scale to leverage. And I think they've really got a great team there driving those results. So...
Arthur B. Winkleblack: You'd hope that would be a very strong platform for us throughout South America.
Margaret Roach Nollen: Absolutely. All right. Well, just quickly -- we'll see you at CAGNY. All right. Well then -- and speaking of which, great segue, thanks, Dave.  There's a lot going on in the industry calendar, so I wanted to give you a quick list of the conferences that we're going to be attending. And you're going to get to experience some different members of the Heinz management team at each of these. So very quickly, Bill Johnson will be presenting at CAGNY. We are on for Wednesday at 3:00 p.m. Then we're at the BofA Merrill Lynch consumer conference. We'll be hosting one-on-ones. That will be Mike Milone, who's the Rest of World and Global Infant EVP. Then on March 15, we've got UBS global consumer conference. That's going to be Chris Warmoth from our Asia/Pac business. On March 20, we'll be in London at the CAGE Conference, and that will be Art Winkleblack and Dave Moran from our European business. And last but not least, please make a note, hold the date, Thursday, May 24, our fourth quarter and Heinz Analyst Day. So more details to follow.  As always, Mary Ann and I will be around. But go gentle on us. We've got some work to do for CAGNY next week, and we look forward to seeing everyone there. Have a great day.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this concludes your presentation. You may now disconnect, and have a good day.

===== 2012 Q2  (2011-11-18 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Margaret Roach Nollen - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, Global Program Management Officer and Office of the Chairman Arthur B. Winkleblack - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President William R. Johnson - Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of Executive Committee
Analysts: Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Erica, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I'd like to welcome everyone to the H.J. Heinz Company Fiscal Year 2012 Second Quarter Earnings Release Conference Call. This call is being recorded at the request of the H.J. Heinz Company. [Operator Instructions] I'd now like to turn the call over to Meg Nollen, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Ms. Nollen, you may begin the conference.
Margaret Roach Nollen: Thank you, Erica, and good morning. I'd like to welcome everyone to our conference call and webcast. Copies of the slide used in today's presentation are available on our website at heinz.com. Joining me on today's call are Bill Johnson, Chairman, President and CEO; and Art Winkleblack, Executive Vice President and CFO.  Before we begin with our prepared remarks, please refer to the forward-looking statement currently displayed. This is also available in this morning's earnings release and in our most recent SEC filings. To summarize, during our presentation, we may make forward-looking statements about our business that are intended to assist you in understanding the company and its results. We ask you to refer to our April 27, 2011, Form 10-K and today's press release, which lists some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in these statements. Heinz undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by securities law.  We may also use non-GAAP financial measures in our presentation if the company believes such measures allow for consistent period-to-period comparison of the business. The most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures are available in the company's earnings release and on our website at heinz.com. Please note, we plan to file our second quarter 10-Q on Tuesday, November 22. Our complete financial highlights pages or stat pages will become available with the filing of the 10-Q and will be posted on the Investor Relations section of heinz.com towards the bottom of the page. The P&L is out there today.  Now on to today's call. Bill will provide a strategic overview, and Art will review our category and regional segment performance, along with our scorecard and quarterly [ph] results. We've got about 20 minutes of prepared remarks, and we'll use the remainder of the hour to take your questions. We'd like to request that you limit your questions during the Q&A session to one in order to ensure adequate time for all who wish to participate and to ensure we end the call timely. And of course, you can get back in queue.  Now with the formalities out of the way, let me turn the call over to Bill Johnson. Bill?
William R. Johnson: Thank you, Meg. Good morning, everyone. Before Art takes you through the numbers, I will briefly review our second quarter performance, which was led once again by our trio of growth engines: Emerging Markets, our Top 15 brands and Global Ketchup. I will also discuss our expectations for sequentially stronger results in the second half of the year, especially in developed markets where pricing and commodity costs should finally equilibrate. Overall, we are still on track to achieve our full year sales and EPS outlook.  Turning to the second quarter. I would characterize our results as strong in Emerging Markets and mixed in Developed Markets. Reported sales grew 8.3%, and we delivered EPS of $0.81 a share before special items. Notably, we saw a combination of continued strength in Emerging Markets mixed with softness in some Developed Markets, primarily Australia, and our Foodservice business in the U.S., where consumer confidence fell to its lowest level in 30 years.  Turning first to Emerging Markets. They continued to be our most powerful growth engine as they delivered 16% organic sales growth, which excludes any of our acquisitions. The growth was led by excellent results in Ketchup and Sauces in China, Latin America and Indonesia, as well as very strong performance in Complan and Infant/Nutrition. We have significant innovation still to come, and I want to be clear that I expect our Emerging Market growth rates to actually accelerate in the second half of the year.  Importantly, our recent acquisitions, Quero in Brazil and Master in China, also performed well and continued to exceed our expectations in these 2 critically important Emerging Markets. Quero sales grew 8.5% in the first half despite capacity constraints and without the benefit of any marketing investment, which we commenced in early November. Sales of Foodstar's Master soy sauce brand grew around 30%, and I now expect Foodstar to deliver somewhere between $140 million and $150 million in sales this year, well above our plan. In both cases, we are focused on driving top and bottom line growth through innovation, marketing investment, channel expansion and improved capabilities. Overall, Emerging Markets generated the vast majority of the company's organic sales growth while representing over 20% of total Heinz sales.  The second growth driver was the performance of our Top 15 brands, which now include Quero and Master. Reported sales in our Top 15 brands, including Quero and Master, grew more than 12% and accounted for around 71% of our total sales. Excluding Quero and Master, the remaining Top 15 brands delivered 3% organic growth in the quarter.  The third growth engine was Global Ketchup. Lifted by higher pricing, strong sales results in Europe and higher volume in Latin America, Ketchup delivered excellent organic growth of 6.5% in the quarter and is up 7.4% organically year-to-date as we continue to successfully focus on innovation, new distribution and penetration opportunities. Not bad for a 135-year-old brand.  We are keeping our flagship product healthy and growing with innovations like PlantBottle, Balsamic Ketchup and Dip & Squeeze, which was recently recognized with 2 major industry awards for innovation. Dip & Squeeze continues to build strong momentum in Foodservice. Wendy's is the latest customer to accept Dip & Squeeze, and the product is performing very well at Chick-fil-A, Dairy Queen and other quick-serve chains. Importantly, we'll shortly represent 25% of our single-serve Ketchup business, and we are essentially at full capacity.  Separately, sales of our new retail 10 packs of Dip & Squeeze have just commenced. This is the first time a Heinz Ketchup innovation developed primarily for restaurants has achieved broad distribution in retail store sales.  Finally, Heinz Ketchup with balsamic vinegar will reach U.S. store shelves next month after making a splash in U.K. earlier this year and after a very successful Facebook campaign commenced in the U.S. this week. This launch exemplifies the progress we have made in sharing best practices in new product innovation globally to grow our business.  In summary, our trio of growth drivers, Emerging Markets, Top 15 brands and Global Ketchup, helped Heinz deliver our 26th consecutive quarter of organic sales growth.  Turning you to Developed Markets. They were a tale of 2 cities with many of our mature market business units posting solid results despite the tough environment, led by another outstanding performance in the U.K. On the other hand, Australia and U.S. Foodservice continue to be very challenged, as Art described last quarter. In Australia, we are confronting a combination of weak categories, relentless promotional pressure and growing private label, as well as executional issues. We have significantly upgraded the management team and are aggressively working to simplify the business and reduce costs.  Overall, we are taking action on many fronts to improve our margins. We are eliminating hundreds of SKUs, closing the sauces production facility in Girgarre, downsizing 2 other factories, reducing overheads and are working with suppliers and retailers to improve overall efficiency in terms of logistics and promotions.  Turning to U.S. Foodservice. After 2 years of favorable profit trends, this year is clearly proving difficult. We are being challenged by significant increases in commodity costs, promotional price pressure and nonbranded back-of-house products and the lag in price realization at national accounts, as well as a downturn in traffic at key customers.  The industry poses structural challenges to growth, and consequently, we are carefully reviewing the makeup of the Foodservice portfolio to determine where we are competitively advantaged. Our branded KC&S business, for example, is performing much better than our brand in the more commodity-oriented lines. We will share more on this during future updates, but for now, we're closing several factories and streamlining back-office activities to further reduce costs and eliminate what has become redundant capacity.  We expect substantial improvement in Foodservice profit over the balance of the fiscal year as we lapped the onset of higher commodity costs last year and benefit from the rollover of our pricing initiatives. Together, these 2 actions alone should be worth approximately $20 million to $25 million in incremental operating profit in the second half of the year versus our first half performance. We anticipate substantial improvement in both Foodservice in Australia during the second half in response to our recent actions.  Stepping back and viewing North America in aggregate, the combination of steep unemployment and historically low consumer confidence dampened consumer grocery spending in August and September, especially in the frozen food aisle. Importantly, we saw improvement in October, which is continuing into November. North American sales results reflect category weakness across the frozen aisle, as well as price-related volume softness on our item. Overall, our ambient product line performed far better. Consequently, organic sales in North America Consumer Products would have been up almost 2%, excluding Ore-Ida. I am encouraged by the continued growth in Smart Ones' share behind the launch of bag meals and several breakfast line extensions, although the frozen nutritional category does remain soft in line with consumer confidence.  We are launching a number of innovative new frozen ambient products in the third quarter that have been tailored specifically to meet the needs of U.S. consumers with tight grocery budgets. Our launch includes several items with compelling price points of $0.99 and $1.99. These products have been developed to deliver the same great taste that we always do and value in affordable sizes while maintaining, and in some cases, building on historical margins. The initiative will feature a new 10-ounce version of Heinz Ketchup and standup pouch packaging with a spout and a suggested retail price of $0.99.  Many other products will also be priced around $1, including new retail sizes of Heinz mustard, Heinz Worcestershire sauce and Heinz 57 sauce. Additionally, we have just launched Heinz Home Style Beans by slightly higher than $1 after encouraging results in a number of test stores. Over the years, countless U.S. consumers have requested that we bring back Heinz beans, and we believe this is the right time for the return of this convenient, nutritious and value-oriented classic. Consumers have been turning to comfort foods during the recession, and the recent consumer opinion poll ranked baked beans as the #2 comfort food.  In frozen, we are launching a 1-pound bag of Ore-Ida French fries late in the quarter at the suggested retail price of $1.99 to address consumer requests for increased affordability. Data shows that 1/3 to 1/2 of unit purchases in many U.S. product categories are now of small-size SKUs as many consumers are shopping from week to week to stretch their food dollars. Importantly, these new products will enhance our ability to serve the rapidly growing number of U.S. households with incomes below $50,000. As you can see, this income bracket has grown 3x faster than households with income above that threshold.  Overall, U.S. consumers remain loyal to Heinz and are extremely satisfied over the quality and value of our products. That fact was reinforced this week when were notified than Heinz ranked first in overall customer satisfaction among all of the 225 companies across 47 industries in the 2011 American Customer Satisfaction Index. Heinz led all companies with an overall customer satisfaction score of 89, which measures performance in quality, value, consumer loyalty and consumer expectations. The Heinz brand topped all brands ranging from Apple and Cadillac to Google and Lexus. Heinz also led all food manufacturers for the 12th year in a row with a score 8 points higher than the industry average.  Outside North America, we are responding to consumers' desires to economize on a price-per-ounce basis by introducing Extra Free packs of beans and soup in the U.K. and a 1.5-liter variety of Heinz Ketchup across continental Europe.  In Europe, where the economic climate remains volatile, Heinz will also launch a number of products priced around EUR 1, including entry-priced varieties of Plasmon, the leading brand of baby food in Italy.  In addition to innovation, marketing is a key to unlocking growth in our core portfolio. Marketing spend is up strongly year-to-date, and I expect it to increase at a high single-digit rate for the year to help drive stronger organic growth across the second half. In addition to continued marketing investment behind our leading brands, we remain committed to our sizable investment in Keystone, our global initiative to upgrade and standardize processes and systems. We continue to take a long-term view of the company, and these investments will position us well in the future.  Looking forward to the remainder of the year, we expect our second half results to benefit from improved results in U.S. Foodservice in Australia, rollover pricing and a relative easing of commodity inflation, stronger volume, as well as even greater growth in Emerging Markets than we experienced in Q1 and Q2. We are making progress in our value engineering and productivity initiatives, and I am pleased with our results in this area. And as always, we will not sacrifice quality and safety in the name of savings.  SG&A comparisons in the second half should be easier as well than they were in the first half. As you will recall, in the back half of last fiscal year, we were affected by some nonrecurring expenses such as the closing cost of the Quero acquisition, increased investment to drive innovation and fund expansion in Emerging Markets, and we significantly stepped up our investment in Keystone. Our investment in Keystone is a critically important component of our productivity initiative, but it does represent a substantial headwind.  Nevertheless, as I stated earlier, we remain on track to achieve our previously announced constant currency EPS outlook of $3.24 to $3.32 for the full year, excluding special charges for our onetime productivity initiatives. Heinz continues to expect constant currency sales growth of 7% to 8% and EPS growth of 6% to 8% for the full year, excluding the special charges. We also expect strong operating free cash flow of approximately $1.15 billion for the year excluding charges on more than $1 billion on a reported basis.  Overall, Heinz continues to drive strong growth in Emerging Markets, our Top 15 brands and Global Ketchup. We are taking decisive but prudent actions to reduce cost and develop markets, and we are continuously analyzing additional programs to drive increased shareholder value. Furthermore, we are evaluating numerous M&A opportunities in the emerging world to build on our already strong momentum. With our continuing focus on operating discipline and productivity investments, we believe we are well positioned to continue driving solid organic growth, led by our trio of growth engines: Emerging Markets, our Top 15 brands and Global Ketchup, which, by the way, continues to support our troops via the Wounded Warrior program, which is working very well for us.  Thank you. And with that, I'll turn it over to Art.
Arthur B. Winkleblack: Thanks, Bill, and good morning, everyone. Today, I'll take you through our Q2 results with brief update on the first half and the shape and phasing in the P&L as we look forward to the remainder of the fiscal year.  Overall, Q2 results reflect the strong top line performance, continuing investments to drive future growth and productivity and significant challenges in Australia and U.S. Foodservice. In short, we are largely in line with our expectations and driving growth despite a very challenging environment in developed markets.  Let's first ground you on our EPS performance on a reported constant currency and x-items basis. To summarize for Q2, reported EPS was $0.73, which reflects $0.08 of charges for onetime productivity investments announced back in May. Stripping out special items and the favorable impact of foreign currency this quarter, EPS was $0.78, flat to prior year. Note, however, that this includes the higher cost for Project Keystone that we discussed back in May. And finally, EPS, excluding special charges, was $0.81, up 4%.  Now before going through the P&L x items, let's quickly review the special charges for the quarter. They included $14 million of severance and employee benefit costs for reducing the global workforce, $12 million of asset write-offs associated with the closure of 5 factories and $11 million of other implementation expenses primarily related to the supply-chain hub in Europe. Overall, we recorded pretax charges of $37 million or $0.08 per share. The entire amount was reported in the non-operating segment of our financial statements.  And turning to the P&L scorecard x items. Revenue growth was driven by recent acquisitions, foreign currency and organic sales growth. Gross margin was down 180 basis points, reflecting the results in Australia and U.S. Foodservice, as well as what we expect is the toughest commodity overlap of the year. We continued to invest in marketing, up about 9.5%, and operating income was down, more than all of which was due to Australia and U.S. Foodservice. OI for the rest of the company was up by more than 5%. In terms of currency movements, we benefited by $0.03 from foreign exchange, driven by the pound and the euro, which have exhibited surprising strength in the face of sovereign debt concerns on the continent. These currency movements offset a portion of the very high inflation we experienced in the quarter.  Taking a look at the P&L, let's focus on the few lines I haven't yet reviewed. Increased SG&A reflects the impact of acquisitions, increased capabilities in Emerging Markets and investments in Project Keystone, partially offset by aggressive cost management in developed markets. Below operating income, higher net interest expense was more than offset by currency gains this year. And as we projected on last quarter's earnings call, our effective tax rate was very favorable for the quarter, benefiting from effective international tax planning and positive international audit settlements.  Looking at the key components of revenue growth. Organic sales grew by 1.5%, and constant currency sales grew almost 6%. Volume was down due to Australia with declines in restaurant traffic in U.S. Foodservice as a result of price increases and promotional timing in the U.K. and U.S. Price improvements of about 4.5% were driven by the U.K., the U.S., Latin America and China. Our recent acquisitions are performing very well and increased company sales by 5%. This was partially offset by the exit of the Boston Market license in the U.S., and foreign exchange contributed almost 2.5 points to sales growth. As I noted earlier, gross margin declined 180 basis points, half of which related to Australia and U.S. Foodservice.  Overall, margin inflation on commodities was about 10% this quarter. This double-digit inflation represents more than 400 basis points of margin in Q2, and we expect this inflation rate to be the high watermark for the year. While we delivered solid pricing and productivity gains, they only partially offset this very significant inflation. Market inflation on commodities was driven primarily by sweeteners, resin for plastic bottles, beans and dairy products. While we continue to expect moderating cost comparisons in the second half, full year market inflation is now expected to be about 7.5% or 50 basis points higher than our projections back in May. This represents an additional hurdle of about $0.05 of EPS.  As high as our inflation rate was in Q2, the CRB commodity inflation index increased at an even higher rate. It was up 15% in our second quarter, 5 points higher than the market rate of increase on our commodities. It is important to note this sharp increase in inflation in the back half of last year. This is what gives us confidence that our cost comparisons will become progressively easier through the remainder of our fiscal year.  Now let's take a quick look at the top and bottom line performance in each of our key segments. First, in North American Consumer Products, we posted relatively flat results from a very difficult market. Organic sales were up slightly at 0.3%, offset by a 2% impact from the exit of the Boston Market license. Operating income was down about 1 point. We generated solid sales growth in frozen entres, ketchup and another sauces, offset by lower sales of Ore-Ida frozen potatoes and Classico pasta sauce. Our growth in frozen entres was driven by share gains since the category was down, reflecting exceptionally low consumer confidence in the U.S.  Gross margin was impacted by commodity inflation, which outpaced pricing and productivity gains. Given the tough economy, we aggressively manage discretionary spending and are adapting to the changing environment. As Bill discussed, we are addressing the Ore-Ida price/value equation and launching new products with more compelling price points.  U.S. Foodservice business had a difficult quarter and a very tough environment. Overall, sales were down almost 3%, and OI declined 33%. As Bill said, Q2 sales were impacted by declines in customer traffic and promotional timing. Compounding the weak traffic trends, commodity inflation in U.S. Foodservice impacted gross margin by more than 500 basis points. We expect better performance in Foodservice over the back half of the year with improved price realization, moderating commodity inflation, increased productivity and a better overlap in SG&A.  Despite the headlines coming out of Europe these days, Heinz posted very solid results in Europe with constant currency sales up almost 3% and operating income up about 3.5%. The U.K., Germany, Nordics, Eastern Europe and Russia set the pace for sales growth in the region. Organic sales growth and gross margins were up based on pricing and increased marketing. We continued to deliver strong growth on our flagship Ketchup product in Europe. For the quarter, organic sales of Ketchup were up about 6%. The growth across much of the region was partially offset by reduced organic sales in Italy where the key baby food categories declined during the quarter.  Importantly, we continue to drive our aggressive change agenda across Europe. As part of this, we move forward on Project Keystone with the rollout of new processes and initiation of the project in Germany, brought the Netherlands and the Nordic into the supply-chain hub model and broke ground on the new European innovation center, which should be a key catalyst for faster and more effective new product development in Europe. Overall, we delivered very solid results in the tough European market and continued to invest for the future.  The Asia Pacific region posted mid-single-digit constant currency sales growth but incurred sizable reduction in profitability during the quarter. Emerging Markets continue to drive strong growth, driven by Complan in India, ABC sauces in Indonesia and by both baby food and western sauces in China. Additionally, we're seeing great growth in Foodstar. Lower profit reflects the performance in Australia. As Bill mentioned, we're taking very aggressive action in this market. With the new Managing Director in place, we're improving commercial capabilities, dramatically simplifying the business, reducing the cost structure and focusing on better day-to-day execution.  Underscoring the dichotomy in sales growth trends in this segment, constant currency sales from Emerging Markets grew 31% in the quarter, while Australia's top line was down on the double-digit rate. And the other developed markets in the region were basically flat. August and September were particularly difficult in Australia, following a price increase with better trends in October and early November.  Turning to the Rest of World segment. Constant currency sales more than doubled, while operating income grew more than 150%. This growth was driven by a very strong performance in Latin America, reflecting price, volume and share growth. The strong start with Quero in Brazil, largely related to good growth in the sauces category. And importantly, we just recently launched the first TV advertising in the company's history. And finally, we're launching new baby food pouches in Mexico and Central America.  Moving to cash flow. Our operating free cash flow was $131 million for the quarter. This is down versus last year but in line with our plan expectations. The reduction versus fiscal 2011 largely reflects the impact of higher inventories and onetime productivity charges. Capital expenditures at 3.6% of sales were higher than last year, but again, in line with expectations for the year. Finally, during the quarter, we repurchased 1.4 million shares at the total cost of $73 million, partially offset by cash from options. This is in line with our stated goal of keeping diluted shares flat for the year.  Now let's take a very brief look at results for the first half. Year-to-date P&L show sales up 11.5% and EPS up almost 4%. These are in line with our expectations, but the shape of the P&L is different than planned. Gross margin is lower, which is offset by a lower tax rate and strong performance in the U.K. and Emerging Markets. In terms of the balance sheet, year-to-date cash flow of $228 million is below prior year due to inventory, cash taxes, capital spending and special items. We expect to accelerate cash flow in the back half, consistent with our typical annual phasing. Net debt to EBITDA is up slightly, reflecting our emerging market acquisitions late last fiscal year, but remains low at 2.1x. ROIC is down, also due to the acquisition. But excluding the Quero deal, ROIC would be up 10 basis points.  Now I'd like to make a couple of comments on the full year outlook. As Bill said earlier, we remain on track for the full year sales and EPS outlook that we discussed back in May. On a constant currency x-items basis, we expect sales growth of 7% to 8% and EPS growth of 6% to 8%. And we continue to expect operating free cash flow of $1.15 billion before onetime productivity charges.  And clearly, given the economic headwinds we are facing and the difficulties we are encountering in U.S. Foodservice and Australia, we expect to get to our full year EPS target in a different way. Specifically, versus the original plan we discussed in May, we expect a lower gross margin, driven by higher commodity inflation and challenges in Australia and U.S. Foodservice, offset by stronger results in Emerging Markets in the U.K., reduced SG&A costs through tight management of discretionary spending, lower net interest expense from lower market rates and strong treasury management and lower taxes with a global effective tax rate in the mid-20s related to a very effective foreign tax planning and favorable international audit settlements.  And I want to reiterate what I said last quarter. We expect Q3 EPS to be higher than Q2 and Q4 EPS to be higher than Q3.  And before summarizing, I want to update you on special items for the year. As you'll recall back in May, we discussed productivity initiatives that would have an impact of $160 million of operating income, $0.35 of EPS and $130 million of cash flow. We believe we are on track for these projects in terms of timing, costs and benefits.  And in order to even more aggressively address the difficult environment in which we are operating, we have continued to look for additional opportunities to simplify the business and drive shareholder value. As a result of this effort, we've identified additional projects in FY '12 that will cost $55 million of OI, $0.15 of EPS and $20 million of cash flow. These projects are expected to result in the closure of another 3 factories worldwide. We'll talk more about these projects in the coming months.  So in summary, we're posting solid sales and EPS results in a very challenging environment; driving top line growth in Emerging Markets, our Top 15 brands and Global Ketchup; continuing to invest in the business for sustainable long-term growth despite the environment; and expecting stronger organic growth, easing commodity headwinds and more favorable cost comparisons in the second half.  With that, I will turn it back to Meg and take your questions. Meg?
Margaret Roach Nollen: Great. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of David Palmer with UBS.
David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Guys, first question on Ore-Ida since that's obviously been a struggle. That brand has had some volume issues. It's somewhat surprising if you were to take a step back. Ore-Ida is a power brand in your portfolio. So to see it struggle the way it is, you would have thought that this brand is not just about the functionality of like the microwavable fries and that the private label risk to it would not be as great as it appears to have been. What's the prognosis for the brand, I mean, is -- and the plan to sort of get the volume turned around with that brand?
William R. Johnson: Yes. I think, David, the thing to keep in mind on Ore-Ida is that private label has always been a big piece of this category, and it's probably one of the more price-sensitive brands we have in the company given the gap that has increased. We took significant pricing on Ore-Ida. Nobody else moved at all on Ore-Ida. That is being corrected now as we're seeing private label prices move up, and our own prices are being addressed through D&A and through discussions with customers regarding what's better for the category. The second is, I think our plans were a bit feckless and pallid. I don't think they worked very well. I think they were pretty boring. And so we've got a lot of things in place. First, we are adding some additional D&A into the business to bring price points back down. Second, we're adding some marketing money back into the business to restore some advertising in the second half of the year, which we know drives this brand pretty well. Third, we have the small-size package coming. We started producing this month. It will start shipping in January at $1.99 price point or probably lower in some accounts, depending on what they want to do with it. And at 1 pound, it offers a family of 4 terrific value, and we know that, that will drive solid business while helping us in maintaining our margins. Fourth, we have a lot of new product activity coming, much of which we'll talk about in our next call because a lot of it doesn't occur until Q4. We've just launched 2 new sweet potato fry items in Crinkle Cuts and Straight Cuts. They've just gone into the -- or just going into the market now. We've got Ore-Ida casseroles coming probably in January. So there's a lot of activity on Ore-Ida. The issue on Ore-Ida for me was that we moved too slowly. And I just did not feel that our marketing teams moved quickly and aggressively enough, but I can tell you, in the last 2 or 3 weeks since we've taken a number of these actions, our shares in the accounts where we've done a lot of things have moved up upwards of 250 to 350 basis points, 2.5, 3.5 share points. So I'm not concerned about getting it fixed. I'm just a little annoyed that it took us as long as it did.
David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And then just as a separate question on the smaller package sizes in general. Why are smaller sizes the answer? I mean, what is it in your analysis and your consumer work or even what you're seeing in terms of activity out there that make you think that smaller package sizes are what will help the volume trend?
William R. Johnson: Because that's where the consumer is going. The consumer data, and I mentioned in my comments, says that half of consumers now are buying smaller sizes with lower and more compelling price points in virtually every category in which we operate. We've seen it in Europe. It's now starting to come to the U.S. Partly, that's a function of a number of consumers shifting to dollar stores. Partly, it's a function of price point management with consumers shopping week to week. Partly, it's a function just of general economic malaise that we get back from our consumers and focus group research. But ultimately, we're seeing a lot of the categories downsize. Historically, what you would have seen is price per ounce management on the part of the consumer where they would have gotten the larger value sizes, but we are seeing a dramatic shift to smaller sizes, which is the reason we're launching the 10-ounce pouch ketchup, Doy pack ketchup, which really, we've been doing in the rest of the world for quite a period of time. We've brought beans into the country. We are doing a lot of stuff on sauces, bringing in some of the Foodservice items, rebranding them, putting them in the retail side, which allow us lower price points with very good margins. But compelling price points seem to be key as people are shopping week to week or paycheck to paycheck. And so our research clearly points out that consumers want smaller entry sizes and they want more compelling price points. And so we can give them both while protecting our margins and really driving the businesses forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Driscoll with Citi Investment Research.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Bill, really want to just question here about risk, whether this is real or perceived, and hear your answer on my focus really in Europe. So Bill, can you discuss how you expect the Heinz portfolio to respond to a recession in Europe? Volumes were down, I think, about 2% in the quarter, and economic conditions are likely to deteriorate significantly in the coming quarters. I get this question more than I get anything about your operations. Folks are just focused on this like a laser? And how do you respond to it in terms of what you think the downside could be? In many cases, it's beans and simple items that you have, but people seem to think you guys have a lot of downside on volumes next year because of economic weakness. What are your thoughts?
William R. Johnson: Well, my first thought is I've been hearing that for quite a period of time, and I don't mean to be Solomonic and create some level of wisdom beyond that of the market because, clearly, we're not smarter than the market. Having said that, I think our U.K. performance, which has fundamentally defied gravity, is being driven by a number of things. One, we probably have the best sales organization in the U.K. We have great insights and great leadership. We have a lot of innovation coming. We've got the Squeeze & Stir soups, which just launched in July and are doing really well. We've got the pouch pasta products at a lower price point, which are doing really well in the U.K. The U.K. team was courageous, took a lot of price. Therefore, their marketing spend is also up and oriented against a very powerful brand in the Heinz brand in the U.K. And so we're doing very well. We've got a new Aunt Bessie's lineup coming in December -- November, December that looks very strong in the U.K. And I know you'll all be in a hurry to try the new Duck Fat Roast. They're delicious product. They can't get me to try it, but I'd be glad to share it with you the next time we're all together. In the continent itself, I mean, we grew volume in Germany, France, Spain, the Nordics, I mean, Poland, Russia, literally across the board. And the third thing is that the ketchup continues to grow very quickly across most of the European market. I also indicated we're introducing different pack sizes in the U.K. We're introducing pack sizes with free units across the rest of the continent. We're looking at areas priced around EUR 1. In Italy, we've got a lot of new product activity coming. They've got the new Aseptic line just now shipping, which is a big breakthrough from a product standpoint for the consumer. We're going back to individual packs in Plasmon so that we can price down against a consumer who's basically telling us they're buying fewer of everything and they what a lower price point. And so we can protect both margins and our consumers and allow them to continue to buy. But I just don't see the downside in Europe for our business. Now the other thing we've done, remember with project score [ph], we are consolidating our supply chain in a central location in Europe, which will make us far more efficient. And a lot of that efficiency is going to be spent back in support of these businesses. And we have a great deal of new product activity coming. We're also growing very rapidly in the Eastern markets. Poland has come back quite strongly. Our Russian Ketchup shares this quarter hit all-time highs. The Heinz brand itself hit a 39 share in Ketchup in Russia, which is an all-time high. Our total collective Russian business hit a 57 share in Ketchup in the key accounts. So we are continuing to drive volume in areas where we think we have competitive advantage. And if we have a recession area environment in Europe, for most of the Europeans, it's not going to be any worse from a consumer standpoint than they already perceive things to be, because the things we hear back in focus groups in our research in Europe is that the Europeans don't believe they ever came out of recession. And in fact, if you look at the latest Nielsen data and their online surveys where they do a lot of consumption and consumer work, consumer confidence declined in virtually every market we operate in, in the developed world last quarter. It went up in the developing world where we are really focusing a lot of our efforts. But I feel actually pretty good about Europe. For the company itself, our second half organic sales are going to be considerably stronger than they were in the first half, driven by a lot of innovation, a lot of targeted promotion. And we have terrific leadership in Europe. And so if any of our businesses can withstand the recession, I think the European guys are well positioned.
Arthur B. Winkleblack: And David, one thing I would add to that, remember that we're putting in the Europe R&D center, which historically did not have that capability. The R&D effort has been very fragmented. So by pulling that together, we think we will have much better insight and much better capability to react to the marketplace whatever comes.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: One quick follow-up. Are the new dollar items margin neutral to your business?
William R. Johnson: For the most part, yes, both in the U.S. and in Europe. Some of them are margin enhancing, and I won't get into the specifics. But most of them are margin neutral or better. There are a few exceptions but not many.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard with Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: I wanted to ask about the 2 acquisitions, Foodstar and Quero. It seems as though Foodstar is getting off to a rocketing good start with the sales growth being at 30%. Quero seems to be solid at least of an 8% to 9% level but obviously not quite as fast as Foodstar. I mean, does that represent the upside? Is there more upside from the Foodstar acquisition? Or is it that you're waiting to get going on Quero? And what are the biggest sort of surprises or lessons learned from each acquisition so far?
William R. Johnson: Well, I think -- and let's talk about Quero first. Quero grew 8.5% in the first half. It's up over 10% in October. It will be up over 11% into Q3. You've got to remember, in Quero, we spent the first 3.5 months integrating the business. We have not spent marketing. I believe we spent about $400,000 in total marketing in the first half of the year on Quero. We were short of capacity, particularly in corn processing. And so we are now in the process. We've just turned television on for the first time ever, the first second week in November. We are just taking the Heinz brand into Quero. We've added capacity. Our supply chain team, global supply chain team, just came back from a visit to the factory outside of So Paulo and are raving about the opportunities, particularly on pouch and on tetra pack where we can run tetra pack faster than we can run cans in many parts of our business. So I think in Quero, you will see a substantial increase in second half sales as a function of the marketing investment and a lot of the new items we're putting in place. On Foodstar, my concern on Foodstar is not growth. My concern is how we're going to stay up with it. We grew 30% on the Master brand and Guanghe brand in the first half of the year. October sales were up 69%. November sales are running at about that level, north of 50%. The Shanghai factories come online, but it is nowhere near ready yet to handle the kind of growth we are seeing in Foodstar. Foodstar is a function of a lot of things, a lot of new product activity, significant levels of advertising again, which we haven't started yet in Quero. We've gone into our third province. So we're in Guangdong. We're in Fujian. And we've gone to Zhejiang. And so I think, excuse me, Foodstar, I mean, we have a tiger by the tail. The other thing on Foodstar that's really helped us is also the Guanghe brand, which is in the white bean curd market. The red bean curd market is where the growth is, and we are just now launching into the red bead curd market. We have a lot of new product activity to take us in the other 3 segments on soy sauce. It mean, Foodstar is a business, frankly, that every time we have an update with the Chinese team, we take the number up and ask ourselves how we're going to continue to supply it. And that -- I don't mean to be flip on that. That is a concern we have. This business is just growing so rapidly. And we're still only in 3 provinces. We're hitting less than 200 million people in a country of 1.2 billion. But Quero itself in the second half will grow substantially faster as we infuse marketing. Foodstar will continue its growth in the second half. And as I said at the outset, our Emerging Market businesses in the second quarter were up 16% organically. They're up between 14% to 15% for the first half. I expect our Emerging Market businesses organically to be up somewhere between 10% and 20% minimally on that growth rate in the second half of the year as we lap the purchase of Foodstar, as we continue to drive significant growth in China. We have a lot of innovation coming in China, a lot of innovation coming in Poland. We have launched cheese sauce in Russia, which is doing spectacularly well. This is a product that actually is out used by -- versus ketchup in McDonald's in Russia, which we supply. And so there's just a lot of activity in the Emerging Markets. And while, obviously, we do have some concerns about the economies in those markets, if anything, I think our growth rate in the second half of the year will be dramatically better on these businesses. It's just a lot of activity. The other thing in Quero we've done is we've infused new management-added capabilities to the business that we do not have before. And in fact, interestingly enough, the Brazilian team has been on the phone with the U.S. team, giving them insights on how to drive Doy pack ketchup and how to drive other businesses like they do in Brazil. So I mean, I think from those 2 acquisitions, we feel pretty sanguine about where we're going.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Thilo Wrede with Jefferies & Company.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Bill, can you maybe give us a little bit more color on what you're doing differently in Australia these days, what changed from last year and really where is your confidence coming from that the business in Australia will improve in the second half?
Arthur B. Winkleblack: Well, the good news it has no place to go but up.
William R. Johnson: And it has been so bad. I will tell you, in the second quarter, the bigger hit to the company, in my view from an unexpected standpoint, was in Foodservice. We actually were anticipating the Australian issues we experienced. As Art mentioned, we've changed the management team in Australia. We are doing an aggressive job of looking at cost. We've shut down the Girgarre factory, which is a tomato processing plant we've had in a Australia for a number of years. We've downsized 2 other facilities. We're reducing the number of SKUs. We have greatly improved our relationships with the 2 retailers there. That's a tribute to Nigel Comer who came over from New Zealand to sort of dress up the business in terms of trying to get it fixed. We lap at the end of the third quarter, the discontinuance of tuna by 1 of the 2 major customers last year. So we don't have to deal with that after the month of January. So we get a big pickup going forward from that. We've got a lot of innovation coming and just a lot more clarity in terms of the focus. I mean, the reality on Australia, it's almost come to the point that it's become fairly immaterial to us going forward because it has taken such a hit. A lot of activity in Australia, and I feel much better about the prospects for Australia going forward than I have in several years, but the key thing is the improved relationships with the retailers and our ability to start working with them on more efficient and effective promotion activity and the focus on the right brands. We are really renewing our focus in Australia on Infant/Nutrition where we think there's significant opportunity and the category is doing well. A lot of activity in new packaging and opportunities to reduce price points in beans and in soup. And then just a lot of activity across the business. And so I think with the new leadership, we just -- we've seen -- I said to them on a call the other day, I've seen a bounce in their step that I haven't seen in the last couple of years. So I think from that standpoint, the second half of the fiscal year in Australia will perform on a relative basis versus first half dramatically better. And the good news is that our expectations that you've seen that we've shared with you in terms of where we think the year will end are not really expecting a lot out of Australia in the second half.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Maybe if I can ask one quick follow-up. I mean, just listening to you talk about all the regions, all the different categories that you compete in, it sounds like everything is already great or is just about to become really great. Do you have any concerns about your business right now?
William R. Johnson: Sure. I have many sleepless nights. The concerns I have relate to the global economic environment. The concerns I have relate to the productivity initiatives we're under doing, and will they become a distraction? The concerns I have always relate to the retention of our management team, in the businesses where we're doing well like Europe, Emerging Markets and those kinds of businesses. I worry about complacency and people taking it for granted. Yes, there are a lot of areas. But I can tell you, Thilo, in the second half of the year, our organic sales are going to be up dramatically more than they were in the first half of the year. And the thing that I think people are forgetting in the second half of the year, we lapped 2 big labor situations last year, one in Latin America, one in the U.K. We've got a lot of new product activity coming that we didn't have in the second half of last year. We lapped the SG&A where we really started commence spending on Keystone aggressively towards the end of Q3 and all through Q4. We had a lot of additional investments in other areas last year. And as Art mentioned, we obviously had the Brazilian close in the month of April. So there's a lot of things going on in the second half of the year. But I don't want anybody to misunderstand my comments. I am not at all sanguine about the prospects for the industry and about our business without a lot of work. We have good leadership in place now. But I can tell you and you should recognize that with the additional productivity charges, which are focused, you should assume, I'm not going to detail yet where because employees haven't been talked to, but you should assume their focused on our problem businesses. This is going to continue to be an ongoing struggle in an industry right now that's not being helped by the global economy that is dealing with significant commodity inflation which lessens for us on a relative basis in the second half. I mean, and just gave you some perspective. The Foodservice inflation in the second quarter was over 11%. In the second half of the year, it's about half that. And our pricing, we just took our third increase on Foodservice last week. We'll roll over into the next 6 months. So I don't want anybody to misunderstand my comments. I do feel very good about our emerging market prospects, and I think 16% organic growth in the second quarter should not be taken for granted. And I think we'll substantially improve on those numbers in the second half given the, hopefully, no repeat of our labor situation last year and a lot of new product activity and the fact we lapped the Foodstar purchase. So there's just a lot of stuff going on. But as the people who work for me, I'm sure, will be glad to tell you in a private moment, you should not think we go into these calls with our business units with a big smile on our face.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jonathan Feeney with Janney Capital Markets.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Bill, I wanted to follow-up on -- you've listed a number of markets in Europe where volume was up. I mean, am I misunderstanding that? It looks like volume was reported down 2.9%. Where was the significant volume decline that offsets all of those positive performances on those countries?
William R. Johnson: U.K. and Italy. But the U.K. got more price than it did volume. They took significant pricing at the end of Q1 through Q2. And as a result, they have continued to turn around and spend some of that back. But volume was down significantly in response to that. The categories were down. And in Italy, the baby food category has declined pretty significantly over the last 3 to 6 months, and so we saw some volume decline there. We did take some pricing, but it was not enough to offset the volume. But the U.K. and Italy were basically the only markets in Europe to see volume down for the quarter.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: And as far as -- you mentioned Emerging Market volume -- revenue of 16%. Can you give a -- I know you haven't historically wanted to get into Emerging Market volume, but can you give us a sense how that splits between volume and pricing? Because I know there's been some significant price mix issues, currency issues.
William R. Johnson: No.
Margaret Roach Nollen: There is both.
William R. Johnson: We are also getting a fair amount of price, but we also had very strong volume in the quarter. And I think in the second -- and let me put it to you this way. Price was more than volume. In the second half, I think volume will be the same or close to price. So you should just assume more price than volume in the first half. The reason I don't like breaking it out is because these markets move all over the place on a quarterly basis depending on the NPD. But volume was up. Price was up. In the second half of the year, volume will be up commensurately more than price in the Emerging Markets.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Yes. And I guess just one last follow-up, please. The reason I ask this is looking on a stacked basis, the way you guys reported it, looks like volume on a consolidated basis for the company is down something like 7% since 2008. So basically, since before the recession. And I mean, certainly, I understand exactly where the company is going. But I'm wondering 3 years from now, is volume going to continue to decline at that rate? Would you expect as we sort of migrate from Developed Markets into Emerging Markets?
William R. Johnson: No. It'll go the other way. In fact, you'll see it go the other way in the second half of this year as Emerging Markets become more and more important and as we plateau against some of the other businesses. The bulk of the volume decline over the last couple of years has been related to Foodservice in Australia. I mean, Foodservice volume, this is not new news, has been declining for 3 years. Our expectations for Foodservice were that we would see a turnaround in the industry this year and that the structural dynamics that have worked against us so aggressively would reverse. They have not. And so the bulk of that volume decline in Q2 was Foodservice, and to a lesser degree, Australia from a volume perspective. But there is no doubt, Jonathan, that you're going to see a significant shift. I mean, one of the things, again, I'm not trying to be Solomonic here and I'm not trying to express the wisdom of the ages, but one the things that I think we need to all to keep in mind is the reason we have pushed so aggressively into these Emerging Markets is because of a recognition on the difficulty of being able to drive sustained growth in some of these businesses going forward. And again, in the second half, you'll see -- I mean, the second half of our year is going to be interesting relative to the first half. What you're going to see in the second half for the year is dramatically improved organic sales versus the first half and a higher tax rate than you saw in the first half. So you're going to see almost the opposite situation. But Foodservice in Australia, but again, in my view going forward, lesser on Australia, more in Foodservice, is really where the focus has got to be. And if I break out Foodservice by the branded piece versus the nonbranded piece, the branded piece is essentially flat. And where we are seeing the pressure in food services on proprietary brands that are made specifically for customers where we've lost price leverage because of the environment and the capacity available and in the categories where we don't bring branded leverage. Similar situation exists in Australia. And as I said, U.K. volume was down significantly, and it goes all over. I think in Q3, you'll be interested to see what U.K. volume is. I'm not going to tell you, but I think you'll get an interesting perspective as we come back next quarter in the report. But again, there is no doubt that our shift into Emerging Markets was not done on an ad hoc opportunistic basis. It was done strategically and with intent because I will tell you, my own view is that the developed world is going to get increasingly difficult in which to operate just because of the concentration of retailers in all these markets, the difficulty in categories, the pressure consumers are feeling, the ethnic and demographic shifts occurring in all these markets. And so you're going to see us push more aggressively and with greater alacrity into these Emerging Markets because we have to, and that's why. So I think nothing we've seen this year, other than I will say Foodservice, has surprised us. Foodservice has disappointed me because I expected the industry to turn. It has not.
Arthur B. Winkleblack: Jonathan, the other thing I'd point is the SKU rationalization that we've done over the last few years on a very conscious basis, particularly in these Developed Markets, particularly in places like Foodservice, as we have gotten the focus more and more on our Top 15 brands. So we tried to cull the herd, if you will, in some of these smaller brands and get refocused on Top 15 brands, which have grown nicely.
William R. Johnson: The only other thing I'll remind you of, Jonathan, even with the volume declines, we've had 26 consecutive quarters of organic sales growth, and we've made some conscious trade-off between price and volume. But again, I come back to my comments. In the developed world, those who are not pushing it aggressively into Emerging Markets are going to wake up one day and find out that the world left them behind.
Margaret Roach Nollen: Yes. And Jonathan, we can follow up later today, but I'm not showing volume down for the company that far. The only way I could get there is if you're including divestitures. So volume actually has been, I think, flat to slightly up if you include particularly the '08 year. So anyways, we'd be happy to follow up with you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Diane Geissler with CLSA.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: I want to ask on the productivity, the new productivity plan. I think the original plan you announced in May, you had a 2.5 year payback. Could you just confirm that you're still on track regarding that? And then should we assume sort of a similar payback on the new plan given that you're not giving a lot of details, and I understand why, but if you could help us with what we should think about there?
Arthur B. Winkleblack: Yes. To your point, Diane, we are on track with the plans that we laid out. Certainly, the projects we talked about back in May, as I mentioned, they're on track in terms of cost benefits and timing. The new programs, which we won't go into much, probably should generate an incremental $15 million or so of pretax profit on an annualized basis over time. So we expect a good solid return out of those programs as well. And more to follow on that later.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Okay. Can I just -- for clarification on the new products that you announced today in terms of the smaller pack types. You said margin neutral to maybe slightly positive. But is there -- how should we think about the top line impact? Do you report your volume in tonnage or units? And does that have -- will that have an impact on your volume number on the top line?
William R. Johnson: Diane, you don't have enough time for me to explain the machinations. It's dollarized volume basically. It's dollarized volume. And the impact on the top line should be favorable providing that the sales are incrementally, that they're gap fillers in terms of places and people we are not reaching. And right now, our portfolio tends to skew more middle, upper income. We are very underdeveloped in the dollar stores. And so these are opportunities for us to reach a segment of the population that historically we have underserved. And so I think from that standpoint, this should represent some incremental upside for us going forward. I think the other thing is, I also said I want to be clear on this, that not all of the items. There are some exceptions to the margin enhancing and margin neutral. I won't get into specifics, but there are a few exceptions to those. But we should make up for that in terms of the incrementality. I mean, we haven't sold beans in this country in -- I can't even remember the last time we sold beans here. And I've been here almost 30 years, and I think the last time we sold beans was maybe the '70s or early '80s in the U.S. And so we tested it. It has done very well. We have a whole line of products like that coming. And I think as we get into the third quarter call, we'll be able to specify and detail for you the items. But I think you'll find them very interesting. Frankly, some of them had me scratching my head as we looked at it, but the North American company and European companies in particular have gotten my messages regarding my concern over the top line in developed markets and the fact that we do serve this underserved population segments.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rob Moskow with Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: My question had to do about the supply chain. If you look historically, Heinz has not been a very CapEx-intensive company. CapEx has been pretty much in line with D&A. We've had examples of other staples companies that had supply chain problems recently. Bill, as you go through the supply chain and are now closing more facilities, is that increasing the amount of capacity or the amount of utilization that the other plants have to take on in the absence of those? And what have you done at those plants to make sure that they're capable with up-to-date machines to handle the increased load?
William R. Johnson: Actually, Rob, I'm glad you asked the question. I think all of you know how I feel about CapEx in this industry. I think it's been abused over the years. I think it's been spent needlessly to add capacity and do other things that have not given consumers return or shareholders returns and haven't helped consumers. In our case, one of the rules I outlined at the outset of this initiative was I was not simply picking up equipment and moving it from one edifice to another. So in other words, most of this -- there are maybe 2 small exceptions. Most of this volume will shift from factories that were grossly underutilized into factories that were slightly underutilized without the need for a lot of CapEx in terms of new equipment. Now there are a few exceptions. Closing Girgarre required us to do some things in New Zealand, and moving some things out of a couple of the factories in Australia allowed us -- forced us to put some capital in New Zealand, which I did not like doing. But I can tell you, and I'm sure Art and Meg will tell you in a private moment, that this didn't come without a great deal of angst. I hate these kinds of initiatives. I don't like doing them. I think they're abused. I think we are a company that was criticized for that for a number of years. So one of the rules I outlined for everybody was I was not simply picking up or buying new equipment to put in another factory. We could not take the volume and move to a facility that was underutilized or had excess capacity. It was going to be very difficult to convince me to close some of these facilities. That is in, in essence, what we have done. In a couple of cases, we've had very low utilized factories where we have decided that our customer relationships coming out of those factories or the cost to serve a customer were not conducive to the kinds of margin and returns we wanted. And so we've shifted away products from a few of those customers and from a few of those businesses, and as a result, are not really being required to shift much of anything from a utilization standpoint. Our CapEx for the first half of the year is up about $53 million to $55 million. Our inventory is up about $130 million. And those are the big uses of cash in the first half of the year. Rest assured that I'm not happy about that, and I've made it abundantly clear to my team and the supply chain that this isn't just simply about, gee, I now have -- I had 80 buildings, now I have 75 buildings. This is about getting a lot better and more efficient. And I think we'll be there. So the good news for us is while these things are always somewhat distracting, the reality is they have not required us to do anything above the norm to protect the safety and quality of our company. And as a consequence, knock on wood, we have not suffered the same kinds of issues that others have.
Arthur B. Winkleblack: The other thing I think that this allows us to do is really focus our time, attention and resources on those remaining plants. So when you've got very low utilization plants that's not helpful from a focus standpoint, so we've got a very stringent balanced scorecard in place that we monitor quality, safety, sustainability, along with the usual costs and other measures. So we feel like we've got a very good program in place, and by strengthening the focus on the remaining plants, I think that will be good news overall.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Can I just ask, do you guys visit the plants frequently to make sure that you've got good safety measures in place? And what kind of process do you have to do that on an ongoing basis?
William R. Johnson: Well, we have an ongoing QRMP process. We have the best safety scores of any company in our industry. We review them with the Board twice a year. We have a safety group as part of our risk management process. We have a quality group that's headquartered in the U.K. But it's our global group that visits every single factory and also spends a lot of time in the new facilities. And I have to tell you, I think I made the comment earlier, our people have just revisited the Quero factory and are coming back raving. I mean, Quero has something we don't have anything else in the world, and that's a biomass generator, which we're using excess sugarcane now to fire up and saving us a ton of money. But if we can figure out a way to put corn husks through there, we can literally get free energy in our biggest factory. So there's a lot of activity. I will tell you, Rob, and people who have worked for me a long time know, safety and quality are the 2 single biggest issues that I focus our team on all the time. I think employees have the right to expect to work in a safe environment, and I think our brands are only as good as the quality of reputation we have. And we sit with our Board twice a year and the Corporate Social Responsibilities Committee and give them a detailed update on this. And in my own personal goals, of which I have 4, 25% of my own personal goals are related to quality and safety. So you can be assured that we take this highly seriously. All of this reports in to Mike Milone who, in addition his operating responsibilities, then brings an operating mindset to ensuring that these are areas of great focus and detail. And believe me, this is one of the things that goes through every one of the single productivity initiatives that we approve.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rob Dickerson with Consumer Edge Research.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: This is just kind of a quick housekeeping question for Art. I just -- I do quick math, and I know you said originally, you were at $0.05 or $0.07 tax benefit for the year. It looks like already you have $0.08. And then I just used kind of like-for-like tax rates from last year. It looks like you've already gotten about $0.09 this year in tax benefits. So really, I just want to see if you could provide some type of detailed tax estimate for Q3 and Q4, one. And then two, is there any updated guidance for EPS with FX?
Arthur B. Winkleblack: What we're talking about was for the goals. They are constant currency. So set aside the currency, I think you should see where our currency rates are at now, yes, we have gotten, I don't know, $0.07, $0.08, something like that on a year-to-date basis. We've really don't expect to get anything more out of currency over the back half of the year, no. You tell me where the pound and euro go and where the economies go. It's always a tough question. But at this point, we don't expect much from currency in that regard. And as Bill mentioned, from a tax standpoint, we'll actually see a tax rate that's probably in line or slightly higher over the back half of the year, certainly as it compares to last year. And as I mentioned, the key is that for this fiscal year and frankly for next fiscal year, we expect to have a mid-20s kind of tax rate.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. First question is, the $1.15 billion in operating cash flow that you mentioned, does that include or exclude the charges for the restructuring and the updated figures there?
William R. Johnson: It excludes it. As I said, it would be $1 billion reported and $1.15 billion excluding the charges.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. Second, I think you had mentioned, if my memory is correct, on the acquisitions, Quero and Foodstar, that those would be kind of earnings neutral for the year. Is that kind of still how you see it? Or are those actually contributing now versus -- and that's kind of offsetting some of the other challenges?
William R. Johnson: Yes, I think that's a fair question. In the first half, they contributed. We will spend a lot of marketing money in the second half on Quero. We didn't spend any of the first half until we got the business and the capacity where we wanted. And I think for the year, you should assume, Eric, they will be neutral to slightly better.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. Last thing, at the Analyst Day, you gave fiscal '13 guidance. I mean, are you kind of withdrawing that? Or at this point, it's just too volatile world to comment? How do we think about that $3.60 to $3.70 number?
William R. Johnson: Right now, I'm not saying anything about it. I don't see it -- it's just way too early to draw any conclusions in terms of making any changes. So right now, I think you should assume that we're holding to that number until I tell you something else. But we're not going to give you guidance until May. And we never do, Eric, and you know that. I get pressed at CAGNY. I get pressed in the Q3 call. And it is a volatile world, and things are changing. And so in May, we'll give you updated guidance. But right now, I just don't see any reason to move off that guidance. But I want to be clear that, that doesn't mean we will or we won't. I'm just saying that right now, it's just way too early. And our second half is going to be pretty good, I think. And so I hope I'm not proven wrong. But certainly, based on where I expect us to be from the earnings standpoint, sequentially better in Q3 and Q4, and where I expect us to be from a sales standpoint, sequentially better and good organic sales in the second half and where I expect uss to be in Emerging Markets and the U.K. perspective. I just think right now, it's just too early to make any changes to it.
Operator: And our last question comes from the line of Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: First, quick housekeeping item. I know it's on Slide 55. You guys showed in FX benefit the EBIT of roughly $8 million, but at pretax, it was $15 million. What is that $7 million delta?
Arthur B. Winkleblack: Probably...
William R. Johnson: I can tell you what's on Page 56 and on Page 55, but I don't -- or 54, but I don't what's on Page 55. So we're having to pull that out to take a look at it.
Arthur B. Winkleblack: I suspect it's gain on transaction -- or translation hedges, currency hedges, would be my guess.
Margaret Roach Nollen: Yes, that's exactly what it is.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And on sharper price points, you're price point initiative, with your innovation, I think this was something you talked about when we went into the recession. It was an issue that you guys were going to pursue. What's different this time versus then? Is it more breadth of products, your ability to penetrate different channels? Or maybe you can just elaborate on that.
William R. Johnson: Yes, we never did it. The U.S. has been very slow to react. And so you'll see most of it starting in the third quarter, late in the third quarter. And so there's nothing different about it. It's just -- it's taken us longer in the U.S. to get to where we need to be. And you'll see a flurry of activity in Q3 that, in my view -- and the U.S. company knows how I feel this, in my view should have happened in Q2. So there's really nothing different about it, Jason. It's just a delay.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And one final question. It's a quick one. I just want to make sure I heard the answer to my question correctly. It sounds like this mid-20s tax rate is sustainable at least into next year?
Arthur B. Winkleblack: Yes, that's the way we're viewing it. So yes, sort of mid-20-ish this year and next.
William R. Johnson: Thank you, all, for participating. I know it's a tough time of the year. I do hope that you appreciate the fact that we spend the time with you that we do. As you know, there's never been a question asked that we won't answer. There's never been a topic brought up we won't address. I have an opinion on everything, including the Steelers and the Bengles, if anybody's interested. So have a happy Thanksgiving and a happy holiday. And we continue to appreciate your interest in the company and your patience and forbearance with us.
Margaret Roach Nollen: All right. Well, we'll be seeing several of you in the coming weeks. Heinz is expected to report third quarter earnings on February 17, the Friday before CAGNY. So that's new. We'll then be presenting at CAGNY on Wednesday afternoon, February 22. And additionally, we'll be presenting at CAGE in London on Tuesday, March 20.  With that, Mary Ann and I will be around all day to take any further questions and follow-up calls. The main number for Investor Relations, (412) 456-6020. And we want to wish you all a warm and wonderful Thanksgiving holiday. Thanks, everyone. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you for your participation on today's conference. This concludes the presentation. Everyone may now disconnect, and have a great day.

===== 2012 Q1  (2011-08-23 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Margaret Nollen - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, Global Program Management Officer and Office of the Chairman Arthur Winkleblack - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Edward McMenamin - Senior Vice President of Finance
Analysts: William Sawyer - Crdit Suisse AG Jessica Schmidt - JP Morgan Chase & Co Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc. Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Jonathan Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC Eric Serotta - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank Karen Lamark - Federated Investors David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc
Operator: Good morning. My name is Chanel, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I'd like to welcome everyone to the H.J. Heinz Company Fiscal Year 2012 First Quarter Earnings Release Conference Call. This call is being recorded at the request of the H.J. Heinz Company. [Operator Instructions] I'll now like to turn the call over to Meg Nollen, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Ms. Nollen, you may now begin the conference.
Margaret Nollen: Thank you, Kelly, and good morning. I'd like to welcome everyone to our conference call and webcast. Copies of the slide used in today's presentation are currently available on our website at heinz.com. Joining me on today's call are Art Winkleblack, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Ed McMenamin, Senior Vice President, Finance. Before we begin, with our prepared remarks, please refer to the forward-looking statements currently displayed, which is also available in this morning's earnings release and in our most recent SEC filings.  To summarize, during our presentation, we may make forward-looking statements about our business that are intended to assist you in understanding the company and its results. We ask you to refer to our April 27, 2011, Form 10-K, as well as today's press release today, which should list some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in these statements. Heinz undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by securities laws. We may also use non-GAAP financial measures in our presentation, as the company believes such measures allow for consistent period-to-period comparison of the business. The most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures are available in the company's earnings release and on our website at heinz.com. Please note we plan to file our first quarter 10-Q later this week. Our complete financial highlights pages, or stat pages, will become available with the filing of the Q and will be posted on the Investor Relations section of heinz.com, towards the bottom of the page. The P&L should be out there today.  Now on today's call. Art will review our category and regional segment performance, and Ed will review our first quarter financial results and scorecards. We've got about 30 minutes of prepared remarks and we'll use the remainder of that hour to take your questions. We'd like to request you limit your questions during the Q&A session to one single-part question in order to ensure adequate time for all who wish to participate and to ensure we end the call on a timely basis.  So with the formalities out of the way, let me now turn the call over to Art Winkleblack. Art?
Arthur Winkleblack: Thanks, Meg. And good morning, everyone. We're pleased to take you through our first quarter performance where we posted solid results in a very difficult environment. This morning, we will be presenting our P&L excluding special items, which you'll recall from our Analyst Day are the onetime charges for productivity initiatives planned for this fiscal year. Overall, the quarter slightly exceeded our expectations despite the tough economy in Developed Markets and a more challenged U.S. consumer, all of which has been headline news in July and August.  For the quarter, we grew revenue at a double-digit pace. Posted solid organic sales growth driven by our trio of growth engines, the Top 15 brands, Emerging Markets and Global Ketchup. We achieved excellent growth from our newest acquisitions, Foodstar in China and Quero in Brazil. Increased marketing and stepped-up investment in the business, including Project Keystone, our European supply chain hub and other capability building initiatives, and we weathered a very tough commodity cost comparison. In short, we're off to a solid start to the year while continuing to adapt our strategies and tactics to meet the changing consumer dynamic.  In terms of key P&L metrics, sales grew nearly 15%. Operating income increased by 1 point and EPS rose 4%. We'll take you through the detail behind the numbers, but these results included solid base business performance, the benefit of favorable currency and the impact of the acquisitions we made late last fiscal year, which are off to a very strong start.  But before getting into the specifics, I want to profile some of the key themes running through the first quarter results. These include strong top line growth from Emerging Markets, Global Ketchup, Top 15 brand, acquisitions and currency. Price increases across our portfolio, which still lag very high commodity inflation. Increased SG&A, reflecting our aggressive investments in marketing and business-building capabilities. A slightly lower tax rate, driven by a decrease in the U.K. corporate tax rate. Approximately 3 million more shares outstanding, and a foreign currency tailwind in our key markets. All of this combined to generate solid EPS growth on an X-items basis.  Turning to organic sales, our Emerging Markets once again drove the majority of the organic sales increase, posting 13% growth for the quarter. And on a constant currency basis, sales in Emerging Markets were up nearly 40%, including recent acquisitions.  Developed Markets generated organic growth as well, led by Europe, Japan and Canada. Europe delivered positive volume and net price growth, with organic sales up almost 5% led by the U.K. and Continental Europe.  Australia continues to be a difficult market for us. And in the U.S. Foodservice business, we saw a weakening trend in restaurant traffic, particularly in July. Excluding these 2 businesses, organic sales growth in Developed Markets was a healthy 3% and total company organic growth would have been nearly 5%. Importantly, this quarter marks our 25th consecutive quarter of organic sales growth, which speaks to the strength of our brands and the adaptability of our business in these challenging times.  And speaking of our brands, you'll notice that Quero, our recent acquisition in Brazil, and Master which is part of the Foodstar acquisition in China, are now included in our Top 15 Brands. Collectively, our top 15 now make up nearly 3/4 of our portfolio and posted what we are calling internal growth of 6.5% for the quarter. For comparability, this metric includes an estimate of prior year sales for the acquired businesses from the time before we owned them. Note also that 5 of our Top 15 Brands are now emerging market brands.  Turning to our 3 core categories on a constant currency basis, Ketchup and Sauces set the pace in the quarter with nearly 14% growth, driven by Global Ketchup and boosted by the addition of Foodstar and Quero. The category also delivered strong growth in Asian sauces in Indonesia and in pasta sauce in North America. Organically, sales for our Ketchup and Sauces category were up 7%.  Meals and Snacks grew by more than 3% driven by the Quero acquisition and strong growth in soup and beans in the U.K. This was partially offset by weakness in our U.S. frozen potato business, reflecting the impact of recent pricing actions. And Infant/Nutrition grew by 5% virtually all in Emerging Markets, which grew at a rate of 15% in the quarter. This growth was led by Venezuela, China, India and Russia.  Our Emerging Markets continue to grow in importance to Heinz, both organically and through acquisitions propositions, and accounted for around 23% of sales in this quarter. We're delighted with our newest acquisitions, Quero and Foodstar, which together accounted for about 4% of total company sales.  Quero had a big impact on our Rest of World region, helping to double sales in that segment. Since we closed the Quero acquisition on April 1, we've been busy integrating the business and positioning it for growth. Previously, top line growth had been limited by production capacity, which prevented geographic expansion in a greater portion of the modern trade. We've made some real progress against these opportunities, while also implementing a small company version of SAP. This month, we began distributing Heinz products through Quero's sales and distribution network, and are planning on producing these products locally over time, so the team in Brazil has been very busy.  As you know, this is the first quarter in which Quero has been included in our results. And although new acquisitions are not part of organic growth, using our internal sales growth metric, the team drove 8% sales growth, including more than 20% growth in our core tomato product business while doing all the integration activities and implementing SAP, so we're very pleased with that start.  We are also delighted with Foodstar, which we expect to help us reach almost 350 million in sales in China this year. We've owned Foodstar for 9 months now, and it's grown more than 20% versus the comparable period in the prior year. We've added more soy manufacturing capacity and are expanding the Master brand into a third province. As a result, Master now serves a total market population of 175 million people, leaving only another billion-or-so consumers in China to go.  We're also launching Foodstar's first new products in more than 2 years, giving us a premium presence in all 3 of the largest soy sauce segments in China. Those are light, dark and Weijixian soy sauce.  As I mentioned a moment ago, the growth in our infant nutrition category has been driven by Emerging Markets. We've been winning in these markets with trusted brands; functional innovations like Qingdao [ph] in China and Complan Memory in India; increased marketing investments; and a relentless focus on quality and taste.  Turning now to Global Ketchup, we're very pleased with 8% organic growth in ketchup for the quarter while lapping the well-known dollar ketchup promotion that ran at our largest customer in the U.S. throughout most of the first quarter last year. Growth was driven around the globe, led like Venezuela, U.S. Foodservice, North American consumer products and Europe, with a notable contribution from China as well. Now let's take a quick spin around the world of Heinz. We'll start with North American consumer products. Q1 brought fresh economic uncertainty and more challenges for the U.S. consumer. Debt ceiling debates, the downgrade of U.S. Treasury obligations, weak employment and housing markets and wild volatility in the stock market also serve to make consumers here very nervous. In this context, constant currency sales were flat for the quarter, as favorable pricing offset an equal volume loss. This also reflects the lapping of last year's dollar ketchup promotion and the phaseout of Boston Market in the quarter, which on a combined basis, reduced the sales growth rate by about 2 points.  During the quarter, we completed our planned price increases and reduced promotional spending across the U.S. business. These actions, in addition to our aggressive productivity initiatives, helped us cover the dollar impact of very high commodity inflation and kept gross margin nearly flat.  Operating income was down slightly for the quarter, reflecting the increased commodity costs, and also higher fuel costs for the delivery of our products.  U.S. consumer confidence hit a new low in August. This result was even lower than in the depths of the great recession of the first quarter of 2009, and in fact, is at the lowest level since 1980. As a result, U.S. consumers are reacting by cutting back on discretionary spending, shoppers are using coupons more often, cutting back on waste, and paying more and closer attention to what they buy. We're closely monitoring our pricing and product mix to optimize volume and profitability in this environment and working to reach both sides of today's bifurcated consumer group.  As you know, we built a track record of successful innovation in North America. We've introduced products that have expanded our sales and market share while building and bringing interest to our categories. We are continuing to build on this foundation and are driving for even greater efficiency in the production of these products, some of which are now being produced in our new state-of-the-art frozen product factory in Florence, South Carolina, which opened earlier this month.  In FY '12, we had another strong pipeline of innovation. We're moving further into the nutritional dinner day part with our Smart Ones bagged meals, and extending the T.G.I. Friday's brand in the restaurant quality Single-Serve entrees. Both of these launches are going as planned, with new T.G.I.F. commercials on air, as of mid-July.  In Ketchup, the 10-pack of Dip & Squeeze is starting to show up on retail shelves this month, and we've launched the more sustainable PlantBottle, part of our partnership with the Coca-Cola Company. We're also expanding our Classico line with Mexican and Italian inspired white sauces, as well as a new pizza sauce. And we're launching 2 new versions of our very successful category leading Sweet Potato fries.  Turning to Foodservice in the U.S. Sales in the quarter tracked to the underlying environment, where 1% sales decreased as favorable pricing did not quite offset the impact of lower volume. With the recent economic news and higher gas prices, we saw restaurant traffic trends change in the quarter from flat to down within our existing customer base.  During the quarter, we implemented a second set of price increases to offset commodity inflation. But due to the timing of national account contracts, these price increases will take effect gradually over the coming months. As a result, pricing has not yet caught up with significant commodity inflation and gross margin was down by 50 basis points. Higher fuel costs and S&D also impacted operating income for the quarter.  Importantly, Ketchup sales were up 5% in U.S. Foodservice this quarter, despite the declines in customer traffic. Here, our innovation is working to offset the environment, attracting customers to buy and consumers to use more of our ketchup. Dip & Squeeze has been a key element in this equation, and to date has replaced about 10% of our sachet volume.  We continue to build distribution of the product and Foodservice. And as mentioned, we're providing more usage opportunities for Dip & Squeeze through U.S. retail, and are now introducing the product into Canada. The PlantBottle has also been a popular item with restaurants and now are represents about 70% of our restaurant tabletop Ketchup business. We've had over 1 million visits to our website, much of it driven by mobile marketing from our tabletop bottle in the 4 short weeks since introduction.  Now crossing the pond. We posted strong sales and traffic growth in Europe despite a tough environment there, which includes sovereign debt concerns, austerity programs, civil unrest and very high unemployment in some countries. Organic sales were almost 5%, including volume growth of more than 2% and pricing of almost 3%. These results were led by an outstanding performance in U.K., where the team is selling more products off the shelf at full price.  Our meals and value shares are growing across most of our U.K. business, showing that premium brands can still thrive in a difficult economy. We're also pleased with the sales results across much of Continental Europe and Russia, reflecting increased pricing, innovation and impact of additional marketing investment. Also driving a very aggressive change agenda in Europe, where we're investing in significant capabilities to drive further growth and efficiency, most notably Project Keystone and the European supply chain hub, both implementations continue to progress and are going well. In sum, we're very pleased with our performance in Europe for the quarter.  There's no shortage of innovation in Europe these days either. We recently launched an exciting, better tasting new line of aseptic baby food in Italy, and continue to extend our Fridge Pack line of Beanz in the U.K.  Also in the U.K., we're just launching 2 new great tasting unique innovations: Squeeze & Stir, which combines with hot water to make soup in a cup; and Heinz Pasta Pouches, a premium pasta meal that is portable. It's early days, but we'll keep you posted on these exciting new products.  Moving to Asia Pacific, we have a tale of 2 cities. Results in the Asia and Emerging Markets were very strong, but results from developed Pacific markets were unfavorably impacted by poor performance in Australia.  For the segment, constant currency sales grew 7% largely driven by the Foodstar acquisition and a modest increase in overall organic sales. Operating income before the benefits of foreign exchange was down about 20%, reflecting a 210-basis point decline in gross margin and increased investments in marketing and talent in Emerging Markets. For perspective, much of the decline in gross margin came from Australia, where we have appointed a new managing director, and are attacking the cost structure to stabilize performance in what has become an inhospitable grocery market.  For additional perspective on constant currency sales performance in the segment, you can see that Emerging Markets drove better than 20% growth driven primarily by Infant/Nutrition in China, Complan in India, sweet soy and chili sauces in Indonesia, and our acquisition of Foodstar. And the developed markets of New Zealand, Japan and Singapore posted solid aggregate growth, up 4% on a combined basis, led primarily by Japan. But Australia is the clear challenge for us in this segment, with constant currency sales down 8% for the quarter. Again, we're taking strong action to address our issues there. Within the Emerging Markets we continue to drive strong results through an aggressive innovation agenda. Most recently, we just launched the pouch baby food in China, where we are the first company in that market with a pouch package. And our infant formula business continues to build share in key retailers, as we methodically progress the rollout and support it with strong marketing investments and drive awareness and trial across our entire Infant/Nutrition product line.  In India, our Complan brand gained share this quarter, driven the new product innovation including Complan Memory, as well as Complan Nutri-Gro, our line of toddler meals which is now being sold nationally, and a new Pista Badam flavor of Complan that recently entered lead markets, building on the success of Kesar Badam.  Turning to the rest of the world. The addition of Quero and the return to labor stability and strong growth in Venezuela enabled this segment to double in size this quarter. In fact, operating income in the rest of the world caught up with U.S. Foodservice in the quarter as we continue to push the mix of our business to high-growth markets. We're also pleased to see double-digit organic sales and operating income growth in the Middle East and in South Africa.  Given the worsening economic uncertainty in Developed Markets, we continue to focus on maintaining strong operating discipline. We're taking the price increases necessary to offset inflation, cutting out on profitable trade promotions, increasing advertising support for our brands, cutting costs and carefully allocating capital. These choices will likely continue to have an effect on short-term volume, but are intended to preserve and expand margins for sustainable profit growth. Before I turn it over to Ed, I'd like to update you on the progress we've made on Project Keystone since we last met in May. Most recently, we completed the baseline work in the Netherlands and the Nordics; very successfully implemented the global solution in Belgium, which is our first platform for transaction processing through the important European supply chain hub; and implemented globally sourcing solution through SAP to help drive savings across the company.  Looking forward, we are continuing the European rollout, moving in to North America, starting with Canada, evaluating our options for accelerating progress in Asia Pacific and developing an SAP solution for smaller markets.  Overall, we're pleased with our progress and are on-track with our plans for fiscal '12. With that, let me turn it over to Ed. Ed?
Edward McMenamin: Thanks, Art. And good morning, everyone. I'll take you through our Q1 results, which reflects strong top line performance and incremental investments to sustain that growth. Let's look first at the EPS.  As we announced in May, we're investing in productivity initiatives this year which we expect will make the company stronger and accelerating productivity on a global scale. We anticipate that for fiscal 2012, we will invest at least $160 million of pretax income, or $0.35 a share on these initiatives. As a result, we will be reporting our results in fiscal 2012 adjusting for these special charges.  To summarize for Q1, EPS excluding these charges was $0.78, up 4%. This includes almost $0.02 of incremental costs for Project Keystone. As a reminder, we expect $0.08 of incremental cost from Project Keystone this fiscal year, which is not treated as a special item. Stripping out the $0.05 favorable impact from foreign currency this quarter, EPS excluding special items is $0.73, down $0.02 from last year. Finally, reported EPS was $0.70, which includes the charge of approximately $0.09 due to productivity initiatives we incurred in Q1. Here you can see the makeup of the productivity charges we incurred so far, and where they're reflected in the P&L. Included in reported operating income is $15 million for severance and employee benefit costs relating to the reduction of the global workforce. $17 million related to asset write-offs for the closure of 4 factories. We're expecting to exit at least one more factory this year, and are evaluating several additional opportunities to reduce costs. $9 million of other implementation expenses, primarily professional fees and relocation costs related to the establishment of the European supply chain hub. Overall, we recorded charges of $41 million pretax, $31 million of which was recorded in cost of goods sold and $9 million in SG&A. The after-tax impact of these charges was $28 million, or $0.09 per share, and the entire amount was reported in the nonoperating segment. We believe that our results excluding these special charges, provide the most useful perspective for evaluating our performance, and we will use this benchmark for the rest of the financial discussion.  Now let me focus on our P&L scorecard. With the benefit of a tailwind from currency, we were able to increase our investment in the long-term health of our business while delivering operating income and EPS growth, despite a challenging global economy. Net sales grew by almost 15%, aided by the recent acquisitions, as well as currency. Organically, sales grew 3.1%, driven by pricing. Gross margin was 35.7%, with higher pricing and our productivity improvements offsetting much of the commodity inflation. As we progress through the year, we expect pricing and productivity to offset commodity cost increases, but this will build throughout the year and, primarily, in our second half.  We continue to increase our investment in consumer marketing, particularly in our Emerging Markets and the U.K. Overall, marketing increased by almost 15% and 8% on a constant currency basis. Operating income was up 1%, but on a constant currency basis, down 4.5%. Our incremental investments in marketing and Project Keystone alone, were the equivalent of over 6 points of potential profit growth that we chose to invest for the future. At $0.78, EPS was up 4%, but down 2.7% on a constant currency basis, as a result of our incremental investments.  As you can see, both the pound and the euro are up substantially versus last year, which has a significant benefit to our European operations, which account for nearly 30% of global sales. To varying degrees, most of the markets we compete in have shown similar trends. Here you can see what those currency movements have meant to our P&L. With the currencies of almost all the countries we operate in showing substantial strength versus the U.S. dollar, both revenue and EPS show around a 7% lift from the exchange. Since our foreign operations tend to have a lower gross margins than our domestic businesses, the translation benefit to the overall P&L does cause a 20-basis point reduction in average gross margin. Continuing with a more detailed look at the P&L, I'll touch on some of the items not on the scorecard. Gross profit dollars were up 12% and 6% on a constant currency basis, with about 2/3 of the growth from acquisitions. Although these acquisitions contributed to gross profit dollars, they did reduce company-wide gross margins by 40 basis points. SG&A was up 15% on a constant currency basis, reflecting increases from acquisitions, investments in Project Keystone, as well as higher distribution costs due to fuel prices. Other SG&A costs in our Developed Markets were virtually flat, reflecting our focus on tight cost controls, while we continue to add resources in our Emerging Markets. Operating income was up slightly from last year, while investing nearly $25 million in incremental marketing and Keystone spending to drive growth. Net interest and other expense improved by $10 million, primarily due to decreased currency losses, while we continue to benefit from low interest rates.  The effective tax rate for the current quarter was 24% compared to 25.3% last year, primarily due to a statutory tax rate reduction in the U.K. This year will likely a show quarter-to-quarter volatility in the tax rate. We currently anticipate a rate in the low 20s for Q2 and an overall rate for the year, roughly in line with last year's tax rate.  Finally, shares outstanding are up in the first quarter by about 1%, but we expect the full year impact of shares outstanding to be neutral.  Looking at the key components of sales growth, as I mentioned, we delivered organic sales growth of 3.1%. Price improvements, particularly in Venezuela, the U.S. and the U.K., drove overall price by 3.8%, while volume declined 0.7% as increased volume in the Emerging Markets, as well as the U.K., Continental Europe, Canada and Japan, were more than offset by declines in the U.S. and Australia.  Overall, the Emerging Markets led to sales growth, driving 13% organically, and representing 23% of total company sales. The acquisitions of Foodstar and Quero contributed 4.6% to overall sales growth. And finally, foreign exchange added 7.2% to our top line. As I noted earlier, our gross margin declined 90 basis points to 35.7%. In isolation, market prices for commodities would have cost us over 350 basis points for the quarter, but strong contributions from pricing and productivity offset much of this inflation. The impact of the acquisitions accounted for about 1/2 of the gross margin decline versus last year. Looking specifically at commodities, we've seen inflation in almost all of our significant inputs, particularly sweeteners, oils, dairy and resin. The overall result has been a market inflation for the quarter of around 8%. Now let's move to the balance sheet scorecard. Capital expenditures were 2.6% of sales, up 40 basis points from the prior year, with a higher spending rate expected for the balance of this year. Operating free cash flow of $97 million was down $120 million from last year, largely due to the timing of payables. Net debt to EBITDA improved 0.1x driven by lower net debt, and I'm pleased to say that S&P recently raised the company's debt rating to a BBB+. ROIC was 18.8%, down 20 basis points from this time last year. However, the base business continues to improve, as the recent Brazilian acquisition reduced the company's overall ROIC by 60 basis points. We should recover over time as profits in Quero continue to build. As I mentioned earlier, operating free cash flow was down $120 million versus last year. This reflects lower earnings as a result of the productivity initiatives and increased QOWC requirements, particularly in payables. Included in our results was $10 million of outflow for the productivity initiatives. I touched on the $75 million of capital expenditures earlier, and dividends reflect the 6.7% increase we announced in May. Finally, net treasury stock purchases up $44 million, reflect the acquisition of 1.6 million shares of stock at a total cost of $87 million. In summary, our performance for this quarter is slightly better than our expectations, and reflects the planned incremental investments back into our business to help support future growth. With that, I'll now turn it back to Art to update you on our full year outlook.
Arthur Winkleblack: Great. Thanks, Ed. And just a couple of remarks before opening it up to your questions. Importantly, we are reaffirming our FY '12 outlook. This reflects our confidence in a number of actions that we've taken and are planning to take to yield a stronger second half. These actions include more flow-through of pricing, continuing innovation, productivity initiatives, cost containment actions and tax planning. All of these are expected to allow us to continue our aggressive investment programs while delivering our bottom line target. While currency is tracking positively on a year-over-year basis, it's too early to adjust our full year ForEx outlook. And just a quick comment on the shape of the profit curve for the year. We're expected to be a bit atypical with a stronger second half, benefited by the timing of pricing and prior year ketchup promotions in the U.S., improving productivity and less onerous commodity cost comparisons. And for Q2, we expect the EPS to be in line with or just slightly higher than prior year, due to the timing of pricing, the phaseout of Boston Market, a difficult commodity cost overlap and continued tough conditions in U.S. Foodservice in Australia, offset by a favorable tax rate. Beyond the second quarter, EPS is expected to build sequentially.  So to sum up, our Q1 reflects continued solid performance in a challenging environment. Our key growth drivers, Emerging Markets, Top 15 Brands and Global Ketchup, are producing strong and consistent growth. We have strong operating discipline, which will keep us focused on making the right volume, profit trade-offs and to address our challenges in Australia. Overall, it's still early in what's shaping up to be another interesting year, but we're confident in our brands, people, skills and ability to respond to the consumer as she reacts to world events.  And with that, I'll turn the call back over to Meg for Q&A. Meg?
Margaret Nollen: All right. Operator, we're ready for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Terry Bivens from JPMorgan.
Jessica Schmidt - JP Morgan Chase & Co: This is Jessica on for Terry. I'm just wondering if there's anything you've seen so far, with either in Foodstar in China or Quero in Brazil that surprised you? And then, net of investment, how quickly do you think these businesses can contribute to the overall profitability?
Arthur Winkleblack: Yes. We're thrilled with the start that we're seeing in both Foodstar and Quero. We're making great progress in terms of the integration. We've got the right people in place. The organization is coming together nicely. You can see the gains we've made in the top line in over 20% in Foodstar. And a very solid 8% in the early going in Quero, 8% or 9% there, despite the fact that we're doing a lot of integration work, rolling out SAP, doing all those things. So everything we're seeing there makes us much more bullish, even than we were before, and we've had positive expectations coming in. And from a profit standpoint, they're doing well. They're slightly accretive for the quarter, which is a little better than we have originally anticipated. We don't expect a lot of profit from them this year. But net-net, we're off to a real good start and slightly helpful to EPS.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard of Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: Can I ask about Australia? First of all, how large is that business for you overall? And did we see a marked deterioration this quarter? It seems that, that story has been around for a little while, has it got a lot worse recently? When do the comparables get easier?
Arthur Winkleblack: Yes. Australia, a sizable portion of our Asia Pacific group, but a bit less than $1 billion roughly in sales. I wouldn't say it has precipitously gotten worse or anything like that. This is, as many of our peers have talked about, it is a very difficult environment. The reality is with 2 key customers there has become, as I mentioned, an inhospitable environment for grocery manufacturers, very difficult market. And so it's a -- with it being such difficult market, we're going to take the measures that we need to do to address that. And so we've seen our margins squeezed as the pressure comes on. And so what that means is we're continuing to upgrade talent, as I mentioned, we've just now appointed a new managing director there. We've done a lot to strengthen the talent in that organization. We're taking some very aggressive actions in terms of structuring the business and in terms of the cost structure. Because in an environment where the 2 customers are going to squeeze it that hard, I think being very, very cost competitive is going to be critical. And so that is going to be forcing our hand to do the right things from that angle. But we've got good plans in place. We expect much stronger back half than first half. But it will take us some time, and we're continuing to bang our way out of it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow from Crdit Suisse.
William Sawyer - Crdit Suisse AG: This is Will Sawyer, in for Rob. I wanted, Art, to ask a little bit about Europe. Obviously that's a challenging macro environment. But like you said, your performance was very good during the quarter, if you could just give us some or detail on how you're winning there?
Arthur Winkleblack: Yes. I think Dave and the team are working hard, selling more product off the shelf at full price. They've done the job, in terms of taking pricing. They're also reducing their trade spending by cutting off the unprofitable promotions, so we're trying to do that smart. We're continuing to ramp up the innovation in that market, I mentioned a bunch of the innovations there. U.K. had a particularly stellar quarter, and clearly a tough market there. So that will continue to be a challenge, but the guys are doing all the right things. We're very pleased with the team there and what they're doing. And in the continent, we're seeing some pretty good results as well. Some of the things, local jewels as the guys would call it, Sprinkles in Continental Europe, some of the soup products all going well. And the, really, the thing that is going so well across the entire company, but particularly in Europe, is ketchup. Roel van Neerbos has been driving, not only that -- the Global Ketchup initiative across the globe, but obviously there in Europe. And we're seeing some great results there and we continue to think that we've got great opportunity to drive the Ketchup business. And as you know, that has very nice margins to it. So that has value to our benefits, both to the top line and bottom line. The team's banging away at it, also we've got a very busy agenda there. And as you know, we are putting in the supply chain hub, we're driving Keystone. We're building out the new innovation center, which will ramp up innovation even further in that business over the coming years. So a lot's going on. We're pleased with the results. But again, to your point, a very challenging environment, so we don't take that lightly and we're going to have to keep hammering away.
Margaret Nollen: Clearly the benefit of strong brands in Europe, particularly the U.K.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Serrota, Wells Fargo.
Eric Serotta - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: You mentioned it's a bit too early to adjust your currency forecast or your EPS, including currency impacted forecast. But if I remember correctly, you were looking at something like $0.05 to $0.07 on the year, and you did about $0.05 in the quarter from currency. Just wondering based on current spot rates or forward rates, whatever, whichever you would feel more instructive, what would the benefit for currency be for the year?
Arthur Winkleblack: Eric, keep in mind that currency last year sort of ramped up through the year, so really our easiest overlap is in Q1. If currency stayed exactly where they are right now, it would give us a bit more benefit than we had originally planned. But I've got to tell you, with the volatility we are seeing and the sovereign debt issues and the list goes on and on, I'm really not going to speculate right now as to where that could go. We've got volatility not only those European currencies, but some of the Latin American currencies. So we're going to -- we're just going to keep an eye on it. And as and if we get upside from currency, we'll let you know how and if we would use it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ed Aaron of RBC Capital Markets.
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: I guess this is shaping up to be an unusually back-half weighted year, I think it's best to be taken into consideration the quarterly tax flow dynamics. And I guess I'm struggling a little bit to get comfortable with that, because you actually got a decent amount of pricing through in the first quarter, and I was hoping you could maybe help me understand it by perhaps giving a little bit more color on the quarterly flow of the cost inflation that you expect to run through the P&L this year?
Arthur Winkleblack: Yes, I mean, if you think about it, the cost numbers or the inflation numbers were up around 8% for the first quarter. We expect that to continue to be a tough overlap in the second quarter. That will start to ease off through the back half of the year, at least that's our expectation, and again, who knows. But that is certainly what we're expecting. So that becomes easier. The other piece of it is, and we mentioned this when we talked to you guys in May, that the pricing would lag a bit. And in fact that is proving to be the case. Particularly in places like Foodservice, where you've got national contracts in place that slowly roll over time. And so I think you will see through the back half, the pricing become more robust and the commodity inflation become less. That's the way our plan has always rolled out, so we're kind of tracking to the plan that we have laid forth.
Edward McMenamin: And the other thing is, that the value, value engineering projects and that sort of thing, sort of ramp up through the year as you start with a group phenomena and implement them throughout the year. So that does much greater benefit in the back half of the year than it does initially.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Driscoll, Citi Investments Research.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: Art, you waited -- I'd like in your presentation that consumer confidence item, you talked about sovereign issues, debt issues and so forth. But your constant currency sales growth guidance is unchanged. So I feel like there is perhaps a little bit of a disconnect here, in terms of one of the biggest questions I think is out there is, how do we feel these kinds of pressures and then not see companies kind of update their sales guidance by, perhaps, lowering it on expectations of consumer pressures? This is a fairly large encompassing question, but as best you can, can you give us some thoughts as to why you would be as confident today in the constant currency sales growth guidance as you would have 3 months ago, given the fact that we've seen some very significant changes in the markets since that point?
Arthur Winkleblack: Right, right. Good question, David. I think as you look at it, we gave constant currencies sales growth guidance of 7% to 8%, Q1 we were right at the top of that, the end of that range. And so as we look forward, and nobody's got a perfect crystal ball, but as we look forward, we fully expect that our sales growth will continue to be sort of at the top end of that kind of range. Where I think this changing economic environment will really impact is, potentially, in the gross margin area, where it will be tougher from a net price standpoint. Commodities are suddenly as high as we expected, or maybe even a little higher. And so as we look forward, I think the real where it will impact is more in the gross margins. So if you think about it, the way we're looking at the fuller projection, we are not changing anything official yet. But I think, hopefully, we'll be toward the upper end of the range on sales and maybe towards the lower end of the range on gross margin. But it's early in the year, we're only 3 months in, so we'll see how things play.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: And maybe following -- go ahead, Meg.
Margaret Nollen: No. I was just going to say, the teams, we've learned a lot over the last few weeks with the consumer. And so there's a lot of innovation that is being brought forward, different from what we would have planned, say 3 months ago. So really looking at sharp price point entries, getting to the bifurcated consumer, making sure that we've got product offerings for both. So we've got great innovation at the top line, new flavors, dinner formats, et cetera. And now we're looking also to drive that top line with some other product opportunities, maybe at the lower end of that scale. And to Art's point, that could drive a mixed shift for us, but we do feel good that we can grow even in this environment.
Arthur Winkleblack: But I think Meg makes the right point on the sharp entry price points and sizes that allow people to play. Because you're seeing folks that are living paycheck-to-paycheck, and so it's less about the price per ounce and more about the entry price point. And so we're looking hard at that.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: One follow-up, then, pursuant to the foreign exchange question. Would you agree then that if, given all this macroeconomic news and how difficult the environment appears to be getting, the foreign currency issue maybe provides some level of cushion. So I think if I read between the lines, you don't raise any guidance today, even though foreign currencies look to be considerably better than the $0.05 to $0.07 guidance provided 3 months ago. However, because of the macro side of it, it's too early to raise guidance because you might see more gross margin pressure. Is that a fair way to characterize things?
Arthur Winkleblack: Well, I guess, who knows where the foreign currency goes. It's been awfully volatile. And so again, I'd be hesitant to try to peg anything going forward. But the other piece of it is, you know that this is a big investment year for us. And we see some great investment opportunities that will do the right thing for the long term of this business. And so that's the other thing we continue to look at. And so there's lots of levers and lots of things that we'll consider. But again, it's early in the year, and now we're 3 months in, there's 9 months to go, and we'll see how it plays and we'll keep you posted as we go.
Edward McMenamin: I think if you look at currencies and -- they went up through last year, but as you look at the first quarter this year, you can get pretty excited from day-to-day and then pretty unexcited from day-to-day. So there's not a strong pattern. We saw a pretty big pickup during the latter half for last year. But during the first quarter this year, it's volatile. So I think it is too early to make a call for the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jonathan Feeney of Janney Capital Markets.
Jonathan Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: I wanted to -- actually, I was going to ask a question, but you brought up a much better issue than what I was going to ask. So I'll just forget that. Meg, you talked about that bifurcated consumer, and both Meg and Art, I'd love to actually delve into that low-end consumer that I would guess is driving a lot of, say, the trade down behavior in the face of pricing or elasticity -- well, however you want to look at it, we know they're eating something, we know they're just spending less as they do it. I would guess that's the low-end consumer, and I would guess that positions your portfolio in a certain way. Maybe good for some brands, bad for others. I guess, what data do you have to like explain that? Do you think that the low-end consumer is driving a lot of this pressure, particularly in the U.S. and Europe? And do you think, what areas of your portfolio are sort of benefited and hurt by that, if it's the case?
Margaret Nollen: Sure. Well -- and I'll start off with that. What we're seeing is a -- there's a portion of the population that has a very limited amount of funds. And we estimate somewhere between $40 and $50 a week to feed a family of 4, which is really stark, when you go to the grocery store and realize how tight that is. Value to that particular consumer is something completely different than mainstream or affluent. And value to that consumer is a price point. It doesn't matter what the cost per ounce is, it matters, "Can I afford to buy even a small portion of that this week?" And having small sizes, convenient sizes, convenient channels, convenient stores, pharmacies, dollar stores, quick small trips that are close to home as opposed to going out for the big loads at the supercenters. So there's very different behavior that's occurring. In fact, we are almost saying it's almost a trifurcation, if you will. Because we're seeing a consumer that is truly struggling, and value means something different. Our core portfolio in the U.S. tends to skew towards the more affluent. So you see Heinz products doing very well across mainstream, across the affluent, in the club stores, et cetera. There is a huge opportunity for us and we see it. We originally anticipated more of a recovery scenario. Now that we're seeing things get tightening again, we're looking very hard. We had a lot of plans that we're looking at it for, a lot of ideas, so these are things that are very close and ready to go that we want to execute quickly, but we're going to make sure we hit it right. By getting into the right channels, getting into the right size and format for a different consumer. And we want to make sure that we are appealing abroad. In Europe, across our other Developed Markets, a very similar story. And so our brands across Europe are very strong, and particularly in the U.K. And it's something we've been working on a Master-branded campaign across the U.K. to let the consumer know, that we're there for them, and have worked very hard though to shore up brand equity, but to make sure that we've got right serving sizes. We've gone more towards value sizes, larger sizes there. But of course, we have smaller sizes. We've got more of a tiered approach across Europe.
Arthur Winkleblack: The other thing we're trying to do is keep top of mind. So we're continuing to invest in the marketing side of this, and the advertising message to make sure that we're the thing that's top of mind as people head toward the stores.
Jonathan Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Just, Meg, to follow-up on your description, which was very helpful. Can all of that be accomplished? You mentioned price point, sizes, value. Can all that be accomplished in the context of flat operating margin, flat operating profit for Heinz as a whole, at least as it relates to the North American and European businesses?
Arthur Winkleblack: You don't necessarily have to be trading off margin with smaller pack sizes and more competitive entry price points. You have to engineer it smartly with the cost structure and with the size related to the price. So it doesn't necessarily mean you're going to trade down margin.
Edward McMenamin: This is somewhat new in the Developed Markets, but we've discussed this several years ago in relation to the emerging markets where we found out that people were not buying on a price per ounce, but buying per usage. So I think this is one of those times where we leverage -- able to leverage some of the experience we gained from the emerging market, bring it back here, for something that's not necessarily intuitive to the average American.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane of Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch: In looking at the comments you made about earnings expectations for the second quarter, the tax rate is going to be that low. I guess that implies that you expect the operating profits to be down again year-on-year, is that correct?
Arthur Winkleblack: Yes, I think operating income will be a bit challenged in the quarter. Largely again, because of the gross margin dynamic. Because of the timing of the pricing and the timing of the commodity impact and the timing of some of the investment spend. So if you think about it, you've got all those things going on. And so over the year, I think even the investment spend overlap becomes easier as opposed to harder.
Edward McMenamin: Well, last year, we kind of ramped up Keystone as we went through the year. We've kind of reached that peak, and so now the overlap is much more challenging in Q1, Q2.
Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch: So then the implied operating profit growth in the second half, which I guess, just rough math, it's got to be somewhere close to 15% for the second half to get to flat for the year...
Arthur Winkleblack: Yes.
Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch: You'll have Foodservice probably come in below the plan that you originally -- I think you had 8% to 10% profit growth for Foodservice for the year, but the upside is going to be, I guess from Europe. And then also the productivity savings coming through in the back half of the year and the Keystone spending moderating, is that the right way to think about the second half?
Arthur Winkleblack: No. Those are some of the key elements. Acquisitions should be gaining momentum through the year as well, so we would expect that to occur. And last year, if you recall, we had a very heavy investment spend in the fourth quarter that, really, it is a much different flow this year, much more front-weighted than back-weighted. So lots of different dynamics, but yes, it's a much stronger OI outlook in the second half than first half.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Karen Lamark, Federated Investors.
Karen Lamark - Federated Investors: I just want to follow-up on the U.K. and maybe you answered it when you talked about the bifurcation of the consumer. But I'm trying to reconcile the macro pressures in that market with your results, and the confidence in your outlook. Is there something incremental, promotions, distribution, how are you sustaining the pricing and the volumes?
Arthur Winkleblack: Good innovation, for sure. And I think very disciplined effort on the part of the guys to do the homework around trade spending. We brought in an outside firm to help us pull that apart and figure out where we were making money and where we weren't. We've implemented the recommendations coming out of that study, and I think that is being very helpful to where we can be good partners to our trade customers and help them and help us. So there's no reason to be doing these promotions that don't make anybody any money, and I think we've gotten much more effective at that. So a combination of innovation, pricing, good management and trade spending.
Edward McMenamin: And I think last year, if I recall, in the early part of last year, we had taken some pricing. The price gaps versus competition sort of broadened our expectation, eventually, that they would see the same cost we did. And I think as we -- time passes, those gaps have somewhat narrowed in the first part of this year that helped us.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Growe of Stifel, Nicolaus.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: I had just a quick question for you regarding the Emerging Markets. I guess, if you look at the underlying sales growth of 13% in the quarter, with -- in rough terms, I'm sure you can't give these out, would profitability be about in line with sales. I guess what I'm trying to understand is, the degree of investment behind the Emerging Markets, is that marketing, people, infrastructure, is that all happening pretty early in the year, and will it sort of easily move throughout the year?
Edward McMenamin: Yes. The reality is, we've got better growth at the bottom line than the top line. We're vesting heavily in the business, but when you've got that kind of strong top line growth, it allows you to do some things within the P&L and still deliver a darn good bottom line. So we feel very, very good about the Emerging Market, top line, bottom line, and the investments we're making.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. And then just somewhat related to that, I guess, if you look at the acquisitions initially, Quero and Foodstar, were going to be diluted to earnings, I think you're talking about maybe a slight bit of accretion now. Is that just better profitability or has something changed, kind of -- the idea was to market pretty heavily behind those businesses out of the gate, is that still something you're planning to do?
Arthur Winkleblack: Yes, I think once we're ready, we will certainly get after the marketing side of it. Now in Quero, for instance, we have not yet turned on the marketing because from a capacity standpoint we're not quite there yet. Tomato processing, we've improved capacity, but we haven't done it yet on the corn side of things and some of the vegetables. Once we're ready with the capacity and things like that, we'll turn on the marketing. So in answer to your question, the improved outlook, profitability-wise, is not by spending less marketing, it is about good, strong top line, and good efficiency as we go in. And the integration process is working well so far.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Dickinson of Consumer Edge Research.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: Just a quick question on really strong pricing. Obviously, you've had a -- you've made a lot of comments just around gross margin, what's happening in COGS. And I think it seems as if that's actually fairly standard at this point for most other companies heading into Q2. With that said, if your guidance -- I'm pretty sure your guidance originally was for total company pricing for the year to be around 2.5% to 3%. If that's the case, should we be modeling now on a higher level like we saw in Q1? And I guess, two, are you finished pricing in Europe? And then, three, the 4% to 4.5% commodity outlook you had earlier in the year, has that gone up?
Arthur Winkleblack: Well, I'm not sure we ever broke out price from volume. Our expectation that we laid out was 3% or 4% in organic growth.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: I think it was in your -- it was at your Analyst Day when you did the bridge. I think you did a bridge between the bridge from fiscal '11 gross margin to fiscal '12 you said pricing, 2.5% to 3%, and deflation was down...
Arthur Winkleblack: From margin standpoint, yes, yes, yes. How much pricing we get, I think is yet to be determined. I think if commodities continue to be high, or in fact increased further from here, we're likely to take more pricing in certain markets on certain brands. On the other hand, if commodity is slowed, then we'll feel a bit less pressure to do that. So I think we're going to retain our flexibility on that, and just see what makes sense over time. Again, we're early in the year, and we will see what transpires, both from a commodity standpoint and a somewhat related item where currency goes from there as well.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: Okay, fair enough. So then, at this point the 4% to 4.5% is where it stands?
Arthur Winkleblack: Yes, I mean, I think what we talked about from a market inflation standpoint for the year was around 7%. We're running higher than that on a year-to-date basis, and we'll see where we go from here.
Operator: Your final question comes from David Palmer, UBS.
David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank: Just a quick question on Ore-Ida. I understand that, that business has been hit a little bit by private label share losses, and that might be partly due to the retailer brands being slow to follow price increases. Why -- we haven't really seen private label being a big problem for all of U.S. packaged goods this year. Are you surprised by the level of trade down hit for that brand this year? What is the prognosis for that brand, perhaps getting some stabilization in market share? My hope, of course, is that this brand can be a source of improvement as we go through fiscal '12.
Arthur Winkleblack: Yes, yes. I think if you recall, we took some pretty aggressive pricing early on, on that, and got out ahead of the market. So we have had a pretty sizable price gap in that arena. That's not really surprising, given the private label contracts and, again, private label is our key competitor there. Private label contracts are on sort of discrete time frames. So over time, you may see those contracts roll off and potentially prices of private label go up over time and that gap closing. We'll see. But at the end of the day, we did what we think is right for the category and right for us, and so we took price. The good news is we're back on air now. We were -- we were really off air for awhile in Q1, so we're back on air. And some of our comments earlier about entry price points and pack sizes and things like that are certainly things we're looking at with regard to our Ore-Ida. And we're continuing to drive the innovation, particularly on Sweet Potatoes. I think we've got a lot of things going there. But pretty sizable price gap, and we'll monitor that and do what we need to do to make sure that the business remains healthy.
Margaret Nollen: All right. Okay. So just looking forward, of course we've got the Barclays Back-to-School conference. We'll be presenting the morning of Thursday, September 8. That will be Art Winkleblack and Mike Milone. And then, September 21 and 22, Bill Johnson, Art Winkleblack and myself, will go across the pond over to the BofA Merrill Lynch Global Consumer Retail conference, one-on-one conference there. And of course, we'll be around all day. Mary Ann and I in Investor Relations to answer all of your questions. Thank you.
Arthur Winkleblack: Thanks everyone.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes the presentation. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2011 Q4  (2011-06-02 08:30:00) =====
Executives: David Moran - Executive Vice President, Chief Executive Officer of Heinz Europe and President of Heinz Europe Bob Ostryniec - Chief Supply Chain Officer and Senior Vice President Margaret Nollen - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, Global Program Management Officer and Office of the Chairman Michael Milone - Executive Vice President of Heinz Rest of World & Global Erm Ehs Quality and Infant & Nutrition Christopher Warmoth - Executive Vice President of Asia Pacific business Arthur Winkleblack - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Bill Johnson - Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of Executive Committee Scott O'Hara - 
Analysts: Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc. Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Jonathan Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC Terry Bivens - JP Morgan Chase & Co Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch Unknown Analyst - 
Margaret Nollen: Good morning, everyone. Shall we get started? I'm Meg Nollen, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Global Program Management Officer for the H.J. Heinz Company. I'd like to welcome everyone to our 2011 Analyst and Investor Day. For those in the room, all of your conference materials are included in the folder in front of you. We have fun little gift in the front of the folder, a magnifying sheet. And I'm sure it's sustainability that's driving the tiny font these days, not my eyes. But you can always be sure to see the details with Heinz. So each speaker's presentation is separated by tabs. The agenda for the day is on the flip side of my page, also up on screen. Updated financials, statistical summaries are also in the back of your packet. We've got a 5-year financial and sales history for you. For those of you on the simultaneous listen-only call or webcast, the presentation and stat pages are also available on our website at heinz.com, in the Investor Relations section. Of course, you have to attend our meetings to get all these fun gifts. Please note our 10-K will be filed in a couple of weeks, so cash flow and balance sheet pages won't be updated until that time.  We've got a great morning planned for you, starting with a strategic overview by Bill Johnson. Art Winkleblack will then provide a financial walk-through of our F '11 results, our FY '12 plans and the resulting FY '13 targets. Bob Ostryniec will take us through our global supply chain and productivity plan, while our Regional EVPs will focus on growth, innovation and productivity in their respective areas. Our schedule today is, as usual, very tight, so let me lay out the parameters, so you can be prepared to get the maximum benefit. We have presentations scheduled throughout the morning from 8:30 to about 11. There will be one very quick 10-minute break scheduled around 10. You know we love to talk, so we have a lot to talk about today. To ensure we stay on schedule, we've got a single Q&A session at the end of our formal presentation. It should begin about 11. So fair warning, keep up with your questions throughout the day. Finally, we've got a hard stop at noon, as we have some meetings scheduled for this afternoon. As a reminder, questions will only be taken from those attending our presentation today here at the New York Stock Exchange. And a special thank you to our NYSE Euronext colleagues for use of their facilities. I would like to ask those of you in the audience today to please turn off and not just mute your phones and BlackBerrys to avoid interference for those that are listening in today.  Now before we begin, let me refer you to the forward-looking statement currently displayed. To summarize, during our presentation, we may make predictive statements about our business that are intended to clarify results for your understanding. We ask you to refer to our April 28, 2010, Form 10-K, as well as our press release today, which should list some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in this prediction. Heinz undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by securities law. We may also use non-GAAP financial measures in our presentation, as the company believes such measures allow for consistent period-to-period comparison of the business. The most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures are available in the company's earnings release and at the back of our presentation today. So now the day will begin. I'd like to turn it over to Bill Johnson, Chairman, President and CEO of the H.J. Heinz Company. Bill?
Bill Johnson: Thank you, Meg. Good morning to all of you, and welcome to our 2011 Investor Conference and Analyst Meeting. Our purpose today is to update you on our performance and provide a detailed overview of our plans to drive strong, sustainable and profitable growth over the next 2 years and beyond. As most of you know, I'm a son of a head coach, or was, before he passed away. One of the things my dad used to say to me is when people think you're just going to keep going right, do something different. Today, what we're going to show you is a little different, designed to continue to create the kind of value that we've created. So I'm going to review the record performance the company had in fiscal 2011, our plan and financial outlook for both 2012 and 2013 and the long-term vision for Heinz, which is designed to build on the great success we've had over the last 5 years. Looking first at the fourth quarter, we finished a record year on a good note. We posted constant currency growth of almost 3% in sales, 9% in operating income and 12% in EPS. We achieved the double-digit EPS growth, while absorbing a $0.01 hit from the strike in Venezuela and $0.02 of costs related to closing the Quero acquisition earlier than we anticipated. As they were all year, Emerging Markets were again the primary growth engine in the quarter, delivering organic sales growth of almost 12%, despite a significant reduction in Venezuela. The company's top 15 brands also continue to do very well, with organic sales growth of almost 3% led by Complan, ABC and Smart Ones. Encouragingly, the U.S. Foodservice business returned to growth for the first time in 6 quarters, a hopeful sign that restaurant traffic may be at the end of its recessionary gridlock. Notably, the fourth quarter marked our 24th consecutive quarter of organic sales growth. Turning to the full year. Overall, the company posted excellent results. We delivered record sales, operating income, net income and operating free cash flow, while also engineering 2 critical acquisitions in Brazil and China to further accelerate our strong growth in Emerging Markets. On a constant-currency, continuing-operations basis, full year sales grew almost 3%. Gross margin increased by 80 basis points, despite higher commodity costs. Operating income rose almost 7%. And EPS grew around 9%, including the $0.02 hit related to closing the Quero deal in late April. We generated operating free cash flow more than $1.26 billion, by far the best in the company's history and drove substantial gains in returns on invested capital, which grew 100 basis points to 19.7%, excluding the 40 basis point reduction related to closing the Quero deal in April. I continue to be particularly encouraged by our results in Emerging Markets, which generated the vast majority of our sales growth for the year, while contributing more than 16% of the company's total revenue, despite the sizable devaluation in Venezuela last year. We exited the year at a run rate of 17%, excluding Quero. These results were led by double-digit organic growth in China, India, Indonesia and Russia.  I believe Heinz is now better positioned in Emerging Markets than any other U.S.-based food company. Our long experience, growing infrastructure and improving business capabilities, combined with strong local brands and capable management, provide a sound base for continued strong growth. We have capable people on the ground, who sense or see things before our peer companies.  More importantly, we prepare assiduously before entering a new market, thereby minimizing downside risk. Therefore, we have built a diverse, well-balanced geographic footprint with solid growth platforms in each of the BRIC countries, as well as Indonesia. Importantly, these countries are on pace to generate more than half of the global increase in GDP by 2020, more than half. And we are well positioned to capitalize on this trend. Like it or not, these are the growth markets for the 21st century. In Developed Markets, 2 of our largest businesses, North American Consumer Products and Heinz U.K., delivered a higher organic sales for the year despite their difficult economic environments, fueled by value-added innovation and focused plan support. Overall, our top 15 brands delivered organic sales growth for the year of almost 4%, led by ABC, Complan, Smart Ones and T.G.I. Friday's, as well as the iconic Heinz brand. Global Ketchup also delivered another strong year, with organic sales growth of almost 4%, led by Europe, and in particular, Russia. In summary, fiscal 2011 was a milestone year for the company, as we drove continued growth in a rapidly changing world, while overcoming sharply rising commodity prices and the lingering impact of the recession on consumer confidence in the developed world. Reflecting our strong financial performance, excellent cash flow and the commitment to shareholder value, I'm pleased to announce that the Heinz Board of Directors has approved an increase in the annualized dividend of $0.12 to $1.90. This increase of almost 7% is effective with the July payment, and clearly underscores our confidence in the future.  With this increase, the Heinz dividend has grown almost 80% since fiscal 2004, a compound annual growth rate of around 7.5%. We expect to return more than $4 billion to shareholders through dividend payments over the period from fiscal 2004 through the end of fiscal 2012. Importantly, we also delivered total shareholder return of more than 54% over the past 5 years, almost 4x the return of the S&P 500.  Before I discuss our 2-year outlook, I want to briefly share my perspective on the transformation of our company over the last 15 years and how we are positioning the company for even greater growth and performance going forward. I view our evolution in 3 distinct phases.  The first wave of transformation, which began in 1996, featured aggressive cost cutting and our first real foray into Emerging Markets. During this phase, we initiated a badly needed overhaul of our supply chain and overhead structure. We dramatically reconfigured and streamlined our global manufacturing capabilities and footprint, while shedding underperforming assets and businesses. These moves were critical to establishing the foundation necessary for growth. The acquisition of Pudliszki in 1997 and ABC in Indonesia in 1999, were among our first successful ventures in Emerging Markets and proved to be the critical precursors to our more comprehensive Emerging Markets strategy. The second wave was characterized by a period of portfolio optimization and realignment, highlighted by our strategic decision in 2002 to spin off the U.S. baby food, canned soup, pet food and tuna businesses to Del Monte. This spinoff and other transactions to shed non-core assets like our European tuna and New Zealand poultry business, greatly simplified the company, while refocusing it on a global portfolio of 3 core categories: Ketchup and condiments, meals and snacks and Infant Nutrition. We added scale to our 3 core categories with the acquisition of HP, Lea & Perrins and Classico in sauces and the licensing rights to manufacture T.G.I. Friday's meals and snacks in frozen. L&P, TGIF and Classico are now well established as part of our top 15 brands. We also added Petrosoyuz in Russia to further build out our Emerging Markets presence. The third wave, which began around 2006, featured a significant ramp up in marketing support behind our key brands, while accelerating investments in Emerging Markets and doubling their share of the overall Heinz sales. During this period, we increased consumer marketing investment by around 60%. We expanded our capabilities and consumer-focused research and innovation with the opening of our world-class innovation center outside of Pittsburgh. We shifted our emphasis from trade spending to more consumer-focused investment. We attracted and developed industry-leading talent. And we initiated Project Keystone to streamline, operate and standardize processes and systems on a global scale. My opinion, the most significant achievement during this period was our successful expansion in Emerging Markets. We are at the forefront of recognizing the opportunities in Emerging Markets, and as a result, today, we have a competitively advantaged dynamic growth engine with an enviable footprint that continues to expand through buy-and-build acquisitions like Quero in Brazil and Foodstar in China, both of which you'll hear a lot more about later on. In short, we have built a sustainable business model that is better aligned to deliver consistent growth in a rapidly changing global environment. Today marks the start of the next wave of evolution of Heinz, and we are determined to unlock even greater value by maximizing our global growth potential. We have developed a comprehensive plan to improve our top-tier performance, strengthen our position in both developed and developing markets, better leverage global scale and continue driving improvements in gross margins to provide fuel for sustained growth and innovation. A common threat across our plan is globalization and scale. By strengthening and adding global teams, new capabilities and common processes and systems, we will position the company to reap significant benefits of scale, particularly in our fast-growing Emerging Markets portfolio, as Mike and Chris will detail to you later. To be sure, Emerging Markets are the centerpiece of our growth strategy over the next 5 years. We have diversified and evenly spread our investments across the BRIC countries, as well as Indonesia, to maximize growth, while not becoming overly dependent on any one of these markets. We have proven teams in place, who have the creativity, experience and agility to execute often complex initiatives or transactions. Importantly, we will continue to pursue opportunities to grow the Heinz brand in Emerging Markets like we have in Russia, China and Venezuela, while maintaining our commitment to commercial autonomy and flexibility in local markets, which has proven to be true competitive advantage for Heinz.  With growing brands and businesses in the world's most populated Emerging Markets, Heinz is well positioned to meet future demands for packaged foods, as the ranks of new middle-class consumers in these countries multiply swiftly. We expect these growth markets to contribute well over 20% of our revenues in fiscal 2012, up from around 10%, just 6 years ago. Looking forward, I fully expect Emerging Markets to generate at least 30% of our company sales within 5 years, while delivering disproportionate growth.  Indeed, the middle-class explosion is well underway in Emerging Markets, with a projected 70% growth from 2010 to 2015, led by China and India. Heinz already has trusted and relevant brands in these key Emerging Markets. The tremendous development potential for packaged foods across all of these markets will drive further scale in our businesses, and enable us to capture significant productivity improvements through innovation and automation, as labor cost increase in these markets. We believe our plan will drive continued top-tier performance, and as a result, we are comfortable with raising our long-term EPS outlook from 6% to 9% to 7% to 10% on a constant-currency basis. Turning to our outlook for fiscal '12. We expect to deliver constant currency top line growth of 7% to 8%, driven by the momentum on our recent acquisitions, strong organic growth in Emerging Markets, value-added innovation, stability in Foodservice and pricing in the Developed Markets. We anticipate constant currency EPS growth of around 6% to 8%, prior to the productivity initiatives I will discuss momentarily but inclusive of an additional $0.08 investment in Project Keystone. Overall, this translates to a constant currency EPS range of $3.24 to $3.32 for fiscal '12, excluding one-off items or special charges. Speaking of the productivity initiative, as we announced this morning, we are funding one-off investments in fiscal '12 to accelerate productivity on a global scale, add new capabilities and support the launch of several significant innovations. The cost of these initiatives, which are on top of the Keystone charge, is already factored into our outlook, will approximate $160 million pretax or around $0.35 per share.  We've been absorbing productivity investments through the P&L for the last 5 years, including Project Keystone costs, which approximated $0.08 in fiscal 2011 and will double in fiscal 2012 to around $0.16, reflecting the expansion across Europe and the introduction into North America.  However, we have identified significant productivity opportunities behind Keystone -- beyond Keystone in the more limited investments that we typically absorb through the P&L. These opportunities include the exit of a number of facilities, as well as the reallocation of overhead expenses, as we begin the shift of resources from the lower-growth to higher-growth markets. These will be part of the one-off charges I just outlined and which Art will articulate more in detail. A primary feature of our initiative is the establishment of a centralized European supply chain hub in the Netherlands, enabled by last year's successful implementation of Project Keystone. This will allow us to consolidate, centralize procurement, manufacturing, logistics and inventory control.  This project will be mirrored by a similar supply-chain initiative across the Americas and a much stronger emphasis on value engineering, global procurement and shared resources. We will consequently push our annualized productivity target to 4% of cost of goods for each of the next 5 years, while driving for an annualized 40 to 60 basis point improvement in gross margins during the 5-year period. This team has also been challenged to leverage SG&A costs, which we expect to begin declining as a percentage of sales in fiscal 2013.  While I dislike one-time charges, it has been more than 5 years, during which time we have greatly improved our execution and supply chain capabilities, while absorbing numerous smaller charges within our normal operations. We have built strong capabilities in this regard, and I anticipate that these investments will be money well spent. Rather than staging these initiatives over several years, as we initially thought, executing them now will produce strong returns for shareholders through continued, sustainable, long-term productivity gains. Consistent with this initiative, we will significantly increase capital spending in fiscal '12 to add needed capacity in Russia, India, China and Brazil; support the launch of a breakthrough aseptic baby food product in Italy and the U.K. and Dip & Squeeze in the U.S., where we need additional capacity. We will invest in building new R&D capabilities with the opening of a new European innovation center, which Dave Moran will talk to you about later. We're also supporting new investments behind productivity and obviously, the expansion of Project Keystone. Most of you are fully aware of my views about the generally poor stewardship of capital resources across the food industry. And while I am not enamored with high levels of CapEx, as my team, I'm sure will be glad to share with you in Q&A, we see substantial opportunities for value-enhancing returns. Additionally, while our CapEx is higher than previous years after much teeth-gnashing, we are essentially projecting spend consistent or slightly below the industry average. There is a saying that a tiger has to crouch before it can leap, which has very strong personal meaning to me since that was my dad's nickname. Heinz expects to make a significant growth leap in fiscal 2013 and beyond after our one-time productivity initiatives. Consequently, building on our fiscal 2012 plan and the productivity initiatives we're undertaking, we expect to deliver constant currency EPS in a range of $3.60 to $3.70, including all Keystone costs. In short, we expect a rapid payback for the investments we are making this year. With an even stronger foundation for growth, I am confident and enthused about the next 5 years, basically due to the expected returns from our productivity initiatives, our growing Emerging Market presence, the growth opportunities in Global Ketchup and our enhanced R&D capabilities facilitated by the opening of our new European innovation facility in the Netherlands and longer-term plans for a similar facility in Asia. The productivity investments we're making this year and the significant future impact of Project Keystone should propel us beyond our current trajectory and put us in a terrific position for the future.  We will supplement our productivity efforts with one final element, pricing. Commodity costs have become such a sizable headwind that, as I said at CAGNY, productivity alone will not be enough to offset them. Therefore, it is imperative that Heinz move quickly and aggressively to build higher levels of price across our businesses to offset inflation and protect margins. We have taken price across much of Heinz, but we are still playing catch-up with the rapid escalation in commodity costs, and we will clearly need to do more. Importantly, our pricing actions are cost-justified and based on a clear understanding of elasticity of our brands without regard to what others do. My view is that over time, categories tend to be inelastic, while individual brands tend to be more elastic within a category. And obviously, we will need to monitor this carefully. But I believe that our brands are well positioned in the current economic environment, given our pipeline of value-added innovation across the company. As our regional leaders will discuss, we have a number of initiatives in place and opportunities to optimize the mix of volume and price.  The initiatives we're announcing today are natural extensions of our proven long-term strategy. Later this morning, the senior management team will take you through and discuss our long-term strategic pillars in greater detail. As a reminder, they are: expand the core portfolio, accelerate growth in Emerging Markets, strengthen the leverage global scale and make talent an advantage. I think the last one is often ignored, and this is where being a coach's son has taught me a great deal. My dad used to say to me, you can't win without great players. We have great players. Scott O'Hara and Dave Moran will discuss plans to expand the core portfolio in North America and in Europe through consumer-focused innovation, cost-effective marketing and moves into adjacent areas like Simply Heinz and TGIF meals. They will also update you on our Global Ketchup initiative, the new European supply chain hub enabled by Keystone and the greatly renewed focus on innovation in Europe. Speaking of Scott, poor guy had trouble getting a flight to New York, so he hitched a ride on the Heinz Ketchup truck that is double-parked outside the Exchange. I invite all of you to visit the truck on your way out to sample our new Dip & Squeeze ketchup with Ore-Ida fries. I don't know how comfortable that was for Scott, but I do know last night that he was complaining about aches and pains. Mike Milone and Chris Warmoth will discuss the successful growth strategy that we are deploying in Emerging Markets. These markets have become our most powerful growth engine, and I am really excited about their potential. They will discuss opportunities in Infant Nutrition and plans for our 2 most recent acquisitions, Quero in Brazil and Foodstar in China. Both of these businesses are off to really great starts, with sales running ahead of expectations, particularly in Foodstar, where we are well ahead of where we thought we would be at this time. Bob Ostryniec will discuss the third strategic pillar, leveraging global scale and our plan to increase gross margins by 40 to 60 basis points annually over the next 5 years. Bob's remarks will also include our plans to effectively manage the commodity inflation. Bob will also discuss our budding strategic partnership with The Coca-Cola Company, a partnership we look to expand beyond the PlantBottle and initiative that reflects our strong commitment to sustainability. Importantly, as I said at CAGNY, strategic partnerships will be key to surmounting the supplier and customer consolidation that has increasingly pressured industry margins and growth. And I am pleased that we are among the first to lead this kind of thinking. Turning to our last pillar, making talent an advantage. We continue to strengthen one of the best, most experienced and deepest management benches in the industry. You will hear throughout the morning, that talent is an important consideration and enabler of our key strategies. Expanding our base of strong talent is a major priority against our long-term aspirations, particularly, in Emerging Markets.  To this end, we have launched initiatives to identify and develop high-potential talent from every single function in our company around the globe. Once selected, we enroll this talent in a year-long program, providing them a leadership training and importantly, exposure to the senior management team. For some, this training culminates in my CEO Academy, where I personally get to know and evaluate their capabilities.  In the recent months, we have realigned members of our global management team and promoted executives to enhance our performance in key Emerging Markets like China and Eastern Europe, as well as Developed Markets like Australia and New Zealand. Clearly, our success in attracting, retaining and developing the best talent will play a major role in driving sustainable growth over the next 5 years. Making talent an advantage is also about providing the right resources and tools to enable that talent. Several years ago, we revamped our compensation system to better align with shareholder interests, and the results, I think, have been clearly evident. We continue to create a performance-driven culture and develop strong leaders at every level of the organization, probably the most important function of the Chairman and CEO role. Finally, before I turn it over to Art, I'd like to briefly touch on the state of the consumer. While I don't want to sound like a Cassandra, I continue to see an uneven global economic recovery with minimal employment gains. And I also see trend of personal inflation, that has spiraling fuel and commodity costs that will and do affect consumer behavior, but do not seem to register into much vaunted core inflation numbers that we all read about everyday. Personal inflation has definitely affected food-service trends and retail growth in the developed world. And it has to be addressed through innovation in packaging and product, as well as through value engineering. Conversely, in a sign that might signal a return of consumer confidence, the frozen nutritional meals category appears to be stabilizing after a prolonged downturn. And as I said earlier, the top line of our U.S. Foodservice business turned marginally positive in Q4 for the first time in 6 quarters.  Overall, the economic outlook in Developed Markets is improving at a slow pace. The forecast is much brighter in Emerging Markets, with faster growing economies and middle-class populations, although governments there will have to deal with growing inflation. Foreign currency movements continue to be a wildcard for us and many multinational companies. We currently see modest upside from currency in fiscal '12. However, the environment continues to be unpredictable, as Art will show you in a minute, and I expect this to continue over the next few years. Looking ahead, I see the next 3 to 5 years for Heinz as being even better than the last 5 years, which I think have been pretty good. I'm looking for accelerating growth fueled by our strength and diversification in Emerging Markets, our drive to further globalize ketchup and our investments in productivity through Project Keystone. I believe the investments in fiscal '12 will only enhance our position as one of the best performing companies in the packaged foods industry, which is again why we have raised our long-term constant currency EPS growth outlook to 7% to 10%. We expect Emerging Markets again to hit at least 30% of overall revenues within the next 5 years. It should include a growing contribution from Heinz premium branded products in those markets and well-positioned brands locally, as we leverage our platform in the key emerging areas of the world. At the same time, I anticipate steady, albeit slower, growth in Developed Markets, which both Dave and Scott will show you later. But I do expect improved profitability driven by aggressive productivity programs, better sales mix and commodity-related pricing. In summary, we have transformed ourselves measurably over the last 15 years. And as the son of an NFL coach, I know the importance of seeing this game through. Guided by that wisdom, it's my plan on leading Heinz and our winning team through its next phase of our growth. With our proven game plan, I firmly believe the best is yet to come for this company and our shareholders. I look forward to your questions later today, something I truly relish. At this time, I'm going to turn the podium over to Art, and the leaders that will make all of this happen. Art?
Arthur Winkleblack: Thanks, Bill. Good morning, everyone. Now this morning, I'll take you through our Q4 annual results, which capped off a very strong year and an excellent 5-year run. After that, we'll review our plans for continued growth over the next 2 years.  Let's focus first on our strong finish to fiscal '11. For the quarter, we delivered $2.9 billion of revenue and EPS of $0.69. On a constant-currency basis, sales increased about 3%, gross margin gained 100 basis points, operating income rose approximately 9% and EPS improved nearly 12%. These strong results were leveraged to even better reported results, as currency turned in our favor at the end of the fiscal year. Marketing was down in the quarter but in line with our expectations. And remember that we lapped a very high increase in marketing spending in Q4 of last year. Overall, we're pleased with our Q4 results, particularly in light of the costs we incurred for closing the Quero deal in Brazil and the strike-related impact in Venezuela. Now speaking of Quero, this chart outlines the impact of the acquisition on our Q4 results. We closed the deal on April 1 and incurred closing costs out of $11 million and a few weeks worth of foregone interest income on the cash we used to buy the business. We recognized no sales or operating costs during the quarter, as we were consolidating the business on a one-month lag basis. Now turning to Q4 sales drivers, the company delivered its 24th consecutive quarter of organic sales growth, up 1.6%. Net pricing was up almost 2%, which is our highest level of pricing in 1.5 years. Volume decreased slightly, as Venezuela negatively impacted total company volume growth by 80 basis points, largely reflecting the impact of our labor disruption in that country. Importantly, the work stoppage was resolved during the quarter. Looking more closely at net sales, all segments were up on a reported basis. Europe, Asia/Pacific and U.S. Foodservice generated organic sales growth for the quarter. Emerging Markets grew organic sales 11.5% and were up more than 14%, excluding Venezuela. And our top 15 brands grew about 3% organically. And with regard to operating income, every one of our segments reported strong growth on a constant-currency basis and double-digit growth on a reported basis. For reference, we've provided supplemental slides in your handouts and on our website, but now let's move to a summary of our performance for the full fiscal year. Overall, we've concluded a very strong fiscal '11, hitting all-time records for sales, profit and cash flow. To summarize on a constant-currency basis, sales grew by more than 2.5%, operating income was up almost 7%, EPS rose nearly 9%, operating free cash flow increased 17% and ROIC topped 19%, a strong year across the board. In terms of the P&L scorecard, we've laid out both constant currency and reported results, while currency helped modestly in the fourth quarter, it was a headwind for the full year.  Gross margin was a key driver of our profitability, as we overcame commodity cost increases, which accelerated dramatically in the fiscal year. Marketing was down slightly, as increased investment in Emerging Markets were more than offset by a shift to spending in the U.S. to trade promotions.  Note that our full year EPS was $3.08, if you exclude the $0.02 impact of Quero acquisition costs. Since we excluded any potential impact of Brazil in the outlook we provided in February, our full year results came in near the top of our projected range of $3.04 to $3.10. Turning to the P&L. I'll just focus on a couple of items here. SG&A was up 4.5% for the year, which largely reflects increased investments in Project Keystone, Quero acquisition costs and spending from proved capabilities in our Emerging Markets. The effective tax rate of 26.8% was down 100 basis points from prior year, contributing about $0.04 to the year-on-year EPS growth, but was fully offset by the increase in shares outstanding. In terms of sales drivers, volume and net pricing were both up for the year, while modest growth and acquisitions came from Foodstar and was offset by the unfavorable impact from foreign exchange. All segments delivered organic sales growth with the exception of the U.S. Foodservice, where the industry was impacted by lower restaurant traffic. Organic sales of our top 15 brands grew almost 4%, and Emerging Markets posted organic growth of about 14.5%. As a final note here, reported sales in the rest of the world were down by almost 12% due solely to Venezuela. Now let's go a bit deeper on our Asia/Pacific segment, which posted 8% constant currency sales growth for the year. To understand recent performance, it's useful to know the composition of the region. Overall, about 40% of the region is comprised of Emerging Market businesses, such as China, India and Indonesia. These businesses are performing extremely well at both the top and bottom line. The other 60% of the region is made up of Developed Markets, the largest of which is Australia. On a constant-currency basis, Emerging Markets in the region grew sales by 31% in FY '11, aided by 9 points of growth from Foodstar.  On the other hand, the Developed Markets declined by 3% due to softness in Australia. As we discussed previously, the Australian retail environment has become very difficult due to a trade war between the 2 main retailers there. As a consequence, we are aggressively reshaping the Australian business. Turning from sales to gross profit. We drove significant improvement in gross margin this year, increasing by 70 basis points or 80 points on a constant-currency basis. Productivity improvements and procurement initiatives are the main drivers here, which along with higher pricing, more than offset increased commodity costs. During the year, external market prices for our basket of commodities rose by about 5%. Now Bob will take you through the detail on this, but the key was that we were able to limit our own internal inflation on commodities to about 1%. From a top and bottom line perspective, every segment posted constant currency profit growth this year. U.S. Foodservice led our growth with operating income, up almost 17%. Our large Developed Markets of NACP in Europe grew profit by 7% and 9% respectively. And Emerging Markets increased operating income on a constant-currency basis at 8% this year. Now let's move to our very strong balance sheet performance for the year. Overall, we drove down our cash conversion cycle by 5 days, increased operating free cash flow by $180 million, decreased our net debt to EBITDA to 1.9x and improved ROIC by 60 basis points. Importantly, we achieved these cash flow and ROIC results while increasing our capital investment on systems and Emerging Markets and while including Quero's opening balance sheet. The significant increase in cash flow was driven by higher profit and much lower pension funding. Overall, operating free cash flow represented 125% of net income for the year. Below the operating free cash flow line, acquisitions relate to the cash used to buy Quero and Foodstar. Dividend payments reflect the 7% increase we announced in May of last year, and net options exercise generated $85 million in cash, despite $70 million worth of share repurchase during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2011. For reference, we now have approximately 9 million stock options outstanding, which is down 70% from the 30 million options we had outstanding 10 years ago at the end of 2001. As a result, we have a much lower overhang on our share count, as we move forward. To conclude this section of the review, I'd like to put this year's results into the context of a 5-year performance summary. Overall, we're very pleased with the results. Organic sales grew at an average rate of 4% per year. EPS increased 8.2% on an average annual basis. Operating free cash flow averaged 113% of net income, and finally, ROIC increased by 450 basis points. And beyond the results, we believe we've positioned the business for continuing strong growth in the future. At this point, I'd like to transition to our plans for FY '12 and '13. We'll cover the constant currency-basis P&L outlook, onetime charges to accelerate productivity, the potential impact of foreign currency and summarize with a perspective on cash flow and the balance sheet. On a constant currency x items basis, our plan calls for sales growth of 7% to 8%, driven by Emerging Markets and our recent acquisitions. EPS up 6% to 8%, including an $0.08 increase in Keystone costs and higher net interest expenses and operating free cash flow of $1.15 billion. Organic growth is planned to be around 3% to 4%, driven by a double-digit increase in Emerging Markets and a low single-digit increase in Developed Markets. The plan contemplates 2 incremental days in FY '12 versus FY '11, in order to convert the company from fiscal weeks to calendar weeks. The upside from these 2 extra days is expected to be offset by the exit of Boston Market brand in the United States. Given the commodity environment, organic growth will come largely through pricing. We're not counting on increased volume due to the environment in Developed Markets. Last year's acquisitions of Quero and Foodstar expected to add roughly 4 points to our growth, rounding out to the overall constant currency growth target of 7% to 8%. In order to drive our top line, the plan calls for increased marketing behind our biggest brands, with increased marketing over the last 5 years by about 60%. And we expect to increase spending in FY '12 at a high single-digit rate. Spending in both Developed and Emerging Markets will increase, with the largest portion going to drive the double-digit growth in Emerging Markets. On the base business, we expect to improve gross margin this year by 50 to 90 basis points, driven by a strong combination of pricing and productivity. Effectively, we are pricing to cover inflation on a dollar basis and using productivity to drive gross margin to a higher level.  You'll note however, that, that's not the full story. Last year's acquisitions will temporarily reduce gross margin by about 30 basis points, netting to our overall target increase of 20 to 60 basis points this year. And while on the short-term, these new businesses represent a headwind to gross margin, Mike and Chris will show you that they are a great opportunity as we look further down range. After a significant run-up in market inflation late in our fiscal '11, we anticipate the rate increase on our commodity basket will be around 7% in fiscal '12. We expect increases on all major commodity groups. But for the second year in a row, we are not expecting the pound-euro cross rate to be a significant factor to our cost inflation. With regard to Keystone, we now have covered almost 30% of the Heinz world on the SAP ERP system. We've designed the processes and systems to support the new supply chain hub in Europe, implemented the global template in northern Europe, covered almost 65% of our company with the indirect procurement module of SAP that has allowed us to capture significant cost reductions. With that as a base, we're now accelerating the rollout across Europe and into North America. During FY '12, we plan to implement the upgraded system in Canada and 4 other markets in Europe. In terms of cost and benefits for Keystone, we're basically doubling the Keystone P&L investment in our base plan for FY '12, up about $0.08 at EPS. Clearly, we're still in a net-expense position on the project, and we'll continue to be for the next 2 to 3 years. Looking forward, we expect gross expenses for the project and system to be roughly flat to the FY '12 level, while benefits will continue to ramp up. The break even point is likely to be in FY '15. Beyond Project Keystone, our FY '12 plan includes a number of other P&L investments aimed at further improving capabilities. We're adding talent to continue our strong momentum in Emerging Markets, increasing resources to drive global initiatives, and ensuring we have the right talent to integrate and run our recent acquisitions.  While investing in the business, we're driving hard for productivity gains throughout the P&L and are maintaining tight control of non-value-added costs. We expect these initiatives to provide improved leverage on SG&A in FY '13 and beyond. Now to round up the discussion of the base P&L, let's take a quick look at the items below operating income. We expect an increase in net interest expense and a slightly higher tax rate effectively for the year. Partially mitigating these increased costs, we plan to buy back enough shares in FY '12 to offset the dilution from options and hold diluted shares flat.  As Bill outlined, we plan to execute some onetime initiatives this year to accelerate our productivity gains. These initiatives include: exiting 5 factories around the world, reducing global employee base by 800 to 1,000 and implementing our European supply chain hub in the Netherlands. We believe that each of these projects will improve shareholder value and deliver a very attractive payback on investment.  We expect the special items to be contained to FY '12, with a pretax cost of approximately $160 million. This would be a onetime reduction of recorded EPS of around $0.35 and a cash outflow of around $130 million. Now let's pull it all together. I'll admit, there are a whole lot of numbers on this page, but we felt it was important to summarize our range of expectations for the business pre and post the onetime initiatives. I'll start in the middle of the page.  On an x-items basis, we are targeting a constant currency range of $3.24 to $3.32 for FY '12, roughly 6% to 8% increase. And remember that this includes an incremental $0.08 for Project Keystone. Then as we look forward to FY '13, we anticipate continuing strong organic growth in the business combined with a $0.15 benefit from the onetime initiatives. This combination yields an EPS range of $3.60 to $3.70, delivering, at constant currency, 2-year EPS CAGR of 8.5% to 10%. With these structural improvements in place, as Bill mentioned, we are increasing our long-term profit growth expectations to 7% to 10%. This would be facilitated by a greater pace of productivity improvements and aided by improvements from the expanding Keystone platform.  So far, we've been talking about constant currency expectations. Now let's take a look at the potential impact of currency on the business. For perspective here, we've laid out the trends for 4 of our key currencies over the last 2 fiscal years, in the first 20 days of fiscal '12. You could see that while the pound and the euro strengthened throughout FY '11, their average rate was actually lower in fiscal '11 than in '10. At the end of the year, both currencies were in an advantageous position, but this has weakened in recent days. Other key currencies similarly followed the same pattern, given that almost 2/3 of our sales come form outside the United States. We watch these trends carefully. Generally, the movements over the last year or so have been quite favorable, but the change in recent days has tempered our optimism on currencies somewhat. As we do each year, here we provided the average rate in FY '11 for our key currencies, the recent average rates for a 20-day period as we got ready for this meeting and the current spot rates. Net-net, the recent average rates has improved from last fiscal year, but the spot rates are below the recent averages. Projecting forward, we expect currency to be a help to us this year of between $0.05 and $0.07. Based on this, our target EPS range for FY '12 on an actual currency basis, x items, is $3.29 to $3.39, an increase of 7.5% to 10.5.%  Now let's take a quick look at the balance sheet. Overall, we expect another year of strong progress. Capital spending is planned to rise by about 0.5 point of sales to between 3.4% and 3.8% of sales. The cash conversion cycle has started to drop by at least another 2 days, down to 40 days. Base business x items ROIC is projected to improve again this year, but this will be offset by an impact of approximately 100 basis points, as we integrate a full year of Quero. And finally, operating free cash flow for the base business is planned to be $1.15 billion. The onetime initiatives will reduce this number but even after the onetime charges, OFCF is expected to be in excess of $1 billion. Now just another couple of words on capital spending. As Bill mentioned, we tend to be very disciplined in our uses of CapEx. While the industry averages about 3.9% of sales for capital from FY '06 to FY '10, we averaged 2.7%. In FY '11, we raised this a bit, as we invested in Emerging Markets in Keystone, and will do the same in FY '12. Over time, we fully expect our capital spending to be below industry average levels. In terms of uses of cash, our priorities remain largely unchanged. First, our target is to protect and grow our dividend, as evidenced by the increase we announced today. Second, we continue to look for bolt-on acquisitions like Foodstar and Quero in Emerging Markets and in our core categories. Third, we will continue to drive for lower debt levels, particularly if we don't find the kinds of bolt-on deals that will add shareholder value. And finally, we plan to only repurchase shares in an amount necessary to offset the potential dilution of options.  Frankly, we'd rather use that cash to grow the business. As usual, we intend to operate in a manner consistent with maintaining our current investment grade credit rating and outlook. Now just quick reminder on the dividend, after a 7% increase in FY '11, we're again increasing the dividend by roughly 7% in FY '12 to $1.92. Now let's talk about the shape of the year in terms of calendarization. Overall, we see profit momentum building throughout the year. Q1 will be a particularly difficult overlap, as we're comparing to a very strong Q1 of last year and due to a number of other factors. From a top line perspective, remember, that we're overlapping $1 ketchup funded by a major customer in the U.S. during the Q1 of last year, and our price increases to cover a spike in commodity costs will phase in through the year. And from a profit standpoint, the step up in commodity costs is the most dramatic in the first quarter.  A number of our base business investment initiatives are relatively front-loaded, we expect increases in interest costs to be most pronounced in the first half, and we're in the early stages of integrating our new acquisitions. In other words, Q1 will be our most difficult comparison. And I would expect our x items EPS to be roughly flat year-on-year. To summarize, we're very excited about where we have positioned the business. We have completed an excellent 5-year run. We believe the strategy is in place to deliver strong results for another 5 years. We have established an aggressive plan for FY '12 that calls for strong top and bottom line growth, accelerated investment in the business and strong cash flow and dividends to shareholders. And finally, we're committed to driving the business to a constant currency EPS in FY '13 of $3.60 to $3.70, and 8.5% to 10% average growth rate.  And with that, I'd like to turn it over to Bob Ostryniec, our Global Supply Chain leader, to talk about our global productivity agenda.
Bob Ostryniec: Thanks, Art. Good morning, everybody. As Bill has once said, one of the keys to driving sustainable growth will be our ability to leverage our global scale and drive productivity across our portfolio. We have significant Global Supply Chain initiatives underway, including Project Keystone and the productivity initiatives that I will discuss further.  Heinz is taking a truly global approach to reducing costs and growing margin to become even more competitive. Frankly, this is a step change for our company. And it's an important one that we believe will produce tangible improvements in costs and margin and rapid return on investment. With that in mind, my remarks today will focus primarily on 4 topics: our success in driving productivity, margins and cash in fiscal 2011; our outlook for commodities; our Global Supply Chain structure, and how it is evolving to support growth in Emerging Markets and our strategic goals; and our key initiatives to drive productivity on a global scale. Turning first to our performance in fiscal 2011. Supply chain delivered an excellent results. We drove 3.5% productivity. We increased our gross margins by 70 basis points, and generated record operating cash flow of $1.2 billion. Turning to commodities. There's no question that productivity was a major factor in our ability to grow margins despite rising commodity inflation. As you can see in fiscal '11, the CRB Index jumped by 1/3, driven by a combination of higher commodity costs and decreased packaging supply capacity. Heinz was not immune to this trend, as we experienced inflation in dairy, resin, sweeteners and oils last year. However, those increases were partially offset by lower cost of tomatoes and potatoes and mitigated by our accelerating focus on supply chain productivity. Looking ahead, we expect higher inflation rate of 7% in fiscal 2012 for our commodity purchases, driven by metals, resins, sweeteners and oils. The good news is that rate puts Heinz at the low-end range of the expected commodity inflation in our peer group. One advantage Heinz has is that our input basket is diversified, with no single commodity purchase accounting for more than 15% of our total purchases in a given year. Our top 4 purchases by categories are resins, metals, sweeteners, tomatoes. Our diversification cushions Heinz to some degree from the year-to-year variability that our peers have experienced, but this is not enough.  As a result, Heinz is focused on driving productivity even to a higher level in fiscal 2012, through supply chain initiatives across our global footprint. Before I discuss our latest initiatives, I think it's important to briefly review our progress in transforming our supply chain to reflect what Heinz has become, a truly global company that continues to expand our reach, especially in the fast-growing Emerging Markets. In the last 6 years, we have built, truly, the first Global Supply Chain organization in our company's history, with a focus on leveraging our global scale, to drive top line growth and margins through higher productivity, improved systems and processes, better visibility in our businesses and rigorous cost containment. We are evolving to a global approach in everything we do, from procurement, value engineering, manufacturing capabilities, through systems processes and our teams. The days of taking a regional supply-chain approach is becoming a thing of the past at Heinz.  Over the last 15 months, we have built a new supply-chain organization dedicated to driving quality and continuous improvement across our emerging businesses. We have talented and key management positions to guide the execution of our supply-chain strategy in these Emerging Markets. The new supply chain structure for Emerging Markets has delivered excellent results in supporting the rapid and successful integration of Foodstar's factories in China and Quero's facility in Brazil. As Bill said, both of these businesses are off to a very strong start. Foodstar has expanded capacity in its new plant in Shanghai. We applied global standards to complete this construction for the 600,000 square-foot factory, as well as our new factory in India. Through effective supply-chain management, we have already doubled the productivity savings rate in China, a significant achievement. Turning to our plans and our strategic priorities in fiscal 2012. Last year, we announced our goal to deliver $1 billion in productivity savings over 5 years. We have now, importantly, have a dedicated, detailed plan by spend category on how we will deliver this crucial object. When you look at our total cost of goods of around $7 billion, along with $2 billion of indirect spending across the company, the majority of the initiatives this year will be focused on direct material, our largest cost category. However, we also see powerful opportunities to attack cost across the P&L. Now let me walk you through some of the highlights of our plan. Our key initiatives under this plan are: Driving margins, improvement by delivering the productivity initiatives to streamline our manufacturing matrix in Developed Markets Bill and Art discussed earlier; intensifying our focus on value engineering to deliver a target of $100 million of annual savings; building on our strategic alliance with The Coca-Cola Company and developing similar partnerships to capture supply-chain synergies and delivering 4% productivity against cost of goods sold fueled by our focus on delivering global work experience; accelerating the implementation of Project Keystone to globalize our systems, our processes; drive common metrics and compliance to capture savings which will also enable best-practice sharing. Turning to the productivity initiatives, there are 2 major components to our plan. First, we plan on exiting 5 factories in fiscal '12, reducing 800 to 1,000 positions across the company, making Heinz much more efficient. Second, as Dave will discuss, we will also create a centralized European supply chain hub in the Netherlands. Enabled by last year's successful implementation of Keystone, the hub will consolidate and centralize procurement, manufacturing, logistics and inventory control. We expect to roll out a similar supply chain initiative in the Americas in the near future. Reflecting our plan, as Bill said, we are also increasing our annualized productivity target of 4% of cost of goods for each of the next 5 years, while driving for an annualized 40 to 60 basis points improvement in gross margin during this period. Turning to value engineering. We are accelerating initiatives in this area to help protect margins from the impact of commodities. We have dedicated teams in place that are focused on eliminating non-value added costs in packaging and product and enhancing features that add value for our consumers. Our goal is to improve profit while maintaining affordability for our consumers. One great example of value engineering is our new mineral filtrate for Smart Ones, which uses 40% less plastic. An example of value-added innovation is Dip & Squeeze, which delivers the greater amount of ketchup while reducing packaging. As the global food industry continues to consolidate, global scale will be more imperative than ever. I believe that the winners will drive down supply-chain costs through strategic partnerships like our groundbreaking agreement with The Coca-Cola Company. The partnership reflects our shared commitment to sustainability, but Heinz is equally excited about the potential supply-chain opportunities that we plan to capture for the benefit of both companies. Bill has appointed Kristen Clark, who is with us today, to be the point person responsible for building the relationship with her counterpart at The Coca-Cola Company. Turning to direct materials. A crucial area for Heinz, we've established 8 global spend teams in major spend category such as resin, packaging and tomatoes. These teams are focused on leveraging scale, ensuring risk-management information globally, which has improved visibility on our exposure, enabled us to respond faster to market fluctuations. As a result, we beat the market indices over last year by more than $150 million.  Looking at our ongoing productivity initiatives, we're attacking indirect spend also. As of today, more than 60% of this spend is going through SAP, but our goal is to reach 100%. The initiative will enable us to continue to drive savings after capturing more than $60 million in the last fiscal year. The expansion of Project Keystone and the global implementation of SAP will give Heinz greater control of spending and drive compliance. It also will provide more visibility of sourcing opportunities in sales, marketing and information technology. In manufacturing, we have installed the Heinz Global Performance System in more than 60% of our factories to drive continuous improvement. In these factories, we've already seen a 10-plus percent increase in efficiencies and improvement in yield, which is enabling us to double our productivity. This program has also provided us consistent global metrics, which enable us to benchmark and share best practices between all our factories. Finally, in logistics, Heinz is focused on consolidating warehouses and driving down transportation costs to offset the rising gas prices. For example, in the U.S., we have reduced our warehouse footprint by 30%, and we are launching a similar initiative in Europe this fiscal year. The other spoke on the logistics wheel is transportation. We have in-sourced traffic management to gain better control and visibility of outbound and inbound freight. We are also rebidding transportation contracts throughout the company to drive cost savings. I am pleased to report that our focus on warehouse consolidation and transportation played a key and improved the profit margins in our U.S. Foodservice business. With these initiatives now underway, we are confident that we will deliver our goal of pushing our annualized productivity targets to 4% of cost of goods sold for each of the next 5 years, while driving for an annualized 40 to 60 basis point improvement in gross margin during this period. We are also raising our 5-year productivity target to $1.3 billion from the $1 billion that we announced one year ago. In summary, Heinz is driving productivity and attacking cost by leveraging global scale under a plan to provide fuel for future growth. We have built an effective, truly global supply chain organization. Our structure reflects the transformation of Heinz and our recognition that we must leverage global scale in every aspect of supply chain from procurement, value engineering, manufacturing, to systems, process and talent that will drive our productivity to an even higher level in the next 5 years. We delivered strong results in productivity, margins and cash flow in fiscal '11, but we are determined to raise the bar even higher. We are focused on supporting our accelerating growth in the Emerging Markets, the growth engine of the company, but we are also focused on growing margins in the Developed Markets. Finally, we are confident that our plan will drive productivity, as we're increasing our productivity goal to 4% and raising our 5-year target by 30% to $1.3 billion. Thank you. Now I'll hand it over to Scott O'Hara to take you through his North America business.
Scott O'Hara: Thanks, Bob. It's great to be here today to share our growth story in North America. Despite a tough economic environment, we continue to deliver profitable growth, with solid underlying business performance, a robust innovation pipeline focused on our 5 strategic mega brands. We are implementing pricing as needed, given commodity inflation. And we have expanded our focus on capabilities and platforms across our entire North American business. Here's a quick snapshot of Heinz North America, which includes the U.S. and Canada. Overall, North America represents about $4.7 billion of sales, 8,500 employees and 24 factories. And as you can see, most of our sales were generated by 2 categories: Ketchup, condiments and sauces, and meals and snacks. The Infant Nutrition sales you see here are highlighted from Canada. The North American Consumer Products represents about 70% of our sales for the region. Our 5 strategic mega brands are led by the Heinz brand, which includes our flagship ketchup, in addition to Ore-Ida, Smart Ones, Classico and TGI Friday's. Overall, these brands generated more than 70% of our sales.  Our core brands in Heinz North America -- Consumer Products are powerful. We're strong #1 or #2 brand positions. Together, these brands accounted for about 75% of our retail sales.  In addition to our brands -- in addition, our brands continued to perform very well. In the latest 52 weeks, our 5 largest brands in the U.S. are growing share, and in Canada, 90% of our brands and products are also growing share. North American Consumer Products continued to achieve excellent results in fiscal '11, with profitable growth in sales and operating income in a challenging environment. And in Foodservice, despite continued softness in the top line, operating income was up almost 17%, driven by a 180 basis point improvement in gross margin. As a result of a simplified business model, a more strategic focus on the most profitable segments and increased investment in our Foodservice business, we have delivered double-digit profit growth in 7 of the past 8 quarters.  Turning now to our strategy for long-term growth, the starting point for our North American plan is the 4 corporate strategies and how we can best leverage these strategies across our North American business. So starting with expanded core portfolio, our focus here is on innovation, health and wellness and sustainability. I believe we have the richest pipeline of new products and initiatives in our history across all 3 business units. Moving to accelerate growth in Emerging Markets, while we recognize that North America is a developed market, we also know we have emerging consumer groups that we can better address through an increased focus on multi-cultural marketing and product differentiation. In addition, we are focused on penetrating alternative channels like the discount channel in the U.S. With respect to operational excellence, we are starting down our Keystone journey. In addition, we will continue to do the blocking and tackling necessary to drive continued year-on-year improvement in productivity. And finally, making talent an advantage. We have a very talented team in North America. Our plan here is on focusing this group on driving competitive advantage around shopper insights and digital and social media.  Let me start by taking a deeper dive into our first strategy of expanding the core. Our vision is to really move the organization from an autonomous business unit-centric model to one that can more fully leverage the size and scale of the biggest region in the company. And the way that we can do that is by thinking more broadly and globally first across our brands, with a focus on our 5 mega brands: Heinz, Ore-Ida, Smart Ones, T.G.I. Friday's and Classico. Our platforms from Keystone to Dip & Squeeze, bag meals and our new Coke partnership and our capabilities around multicultural and social marketing, health and wellness and sustainability. Let me share a few examples to bring this to life. We currently do a very good job leveraging Heinz Ketchup condiments and sauces and gravy across our business units. However, we have a real opportunity to further leverage Ore-Ida, Smart Ones and T.G.I. Friday's beyond where they currently compete. And we have a lot of opportunity to leverage platforms and capabilities across our North American business, beginning with Keystone where we will go live with the new global template in Canada this fiscal year, followed by the U.S. in fiscal '13. Finally, we have an opportunity to better leverage our packaging formats, be that Dip & Squeeze, bag meals and the PlantBottle.  As I said, I think we have the most robust innovation pipeline in our history across all 3 of our business units. We are launching meaningful new products across our strongest brand equities, and together, these new products will contribute about 75% of our sales growth. We also have some exciting launches planned for the second half of the year. However, it's too early to share today for competitive reasons.  Our T.G.I. Friday's brand is very strong and we are using the brand to address the new eating occasion, dinner for one. We have launched 9 SKUs across 2 packaging formats, bags and trays. This is our biggest new product launch in North American Consumer Products in over 5 years and we are supporting this launch with a comprehensive 360 marketing campaign leveraging TV, digital, print, coupons, cross promotion with the restaurants, all supported by strong in-store merchandising. This is an example of an earlier 360 program we did with Jewel-Osco and T.G.I. Friday's, and you can see the results are truly impressive, with an 838% increase in loaded potato skins and a 210% increase in Skillet Meals sales.  We also love the creative development to support the new Friday's launch. Take a look. [Video Presentation] As we build out our frozen portfolio we have decided to focus on the strength of the T.G.I. Friday's brand. And as Bill mentioned earlier, we will end our relationship with Boston Market. The impact of this on fiscal '12 is about $65 million in sales or 200 basis points of growth for North American Consumer Products. Despite this, the reasons for ending the Boston Market relationship are compelling. First, T.G.I. Friday's has increased restaurant units, chain sales and marketing support, while Boston Market has declined over the same period. And closer to home, the T.G.I. Friday's brand sales for Heinz are more than twice the size of Boston Market, even before the launch of Single-Serve entrees. In addition, as you can see, only T.G.I. Friday's brand can deliver unique restaurant-inspired flavors across a range of cuisines from Homestyle, Italian, Mexican, Asian and burgers and ribs. No other brand can deliver this.  Moving to Smart Ones. We are taking advantage of the 24/7 platform by launching Single-Serve bags to address the underdeveloped dinner occasion. As you can see, as part of our 24/7 strategy, we continue to increase eating occasions for the Smart Ones brands. This strategy addresses the consumer need to provide healthy alternatives for every eating occasion: breakfast, lunch, dinner and dessert. And it's the foundation we will build on as we strive to make Smart Ones a $1 billion brand.  We are also supporting the launch of the PointsPlus program from Weight Watchers. In January, we incorporated the new PointsPlus information on our existing Smart Ones packaging. In Q1, we will take the next step by converting our entire Smart Ones franchise to our new consumer preferred packaging. Both changes were designed to fully support the new Weight Watchers PointsPlus campaign with Jennifer Hudson as their spokesperson. And the program is off to a very strong start, with Weight Watcher classroom attendance up about 33% and online paid weeks up about 72%. We continue to build on the successful launches of our Smart Ones breakfast items as well, where all 4 items are performing very well. As you can see, the Ham and Cheese Scramble product is the number 2 SKU in the portfolio, and our 2 newest products, French Toast and Egg, Sausage and Cheese Wraps are both in the top 5 SKUs at Walmart and nationally. And we will support the Smart Ones dinner launch with our successful and targeted print campaign.  Moving on to one of our most exciting launches, Dip & Squeeze continues to perform very well, supported by a 360 marketing program that includes our Dip & Squeeze truck, social media and customer-specific Free FryDays, we continued to increase distribution. Our roster of Foodservice customers continues to grow with more coming this summer. In fact, we already need to add more capacity to support this demand. And the response to our packaging has been terrific and has won several leading industry awards. As we continue to build out the successful launch of Dip & Squeeze in our Foodservice business, we will also bring Dip & Squeeze to our retail customers, with the retail 10-pack that is ideal for use at home or on the go. And after use testing, the products scored exceptionally well, scoring the top 20% on purchase intent, value and liking. And the results should be about 60% incremental to the category. Speaking of on the go, we have a Dip & Squeeze truck here today. So take advantage of the opportunity to try our Ore-Ida Sweet Potato Fries and our new Dip & Squeeze ketchup. We also plan to launch Dip & Squeeze into our Canadian business later this year. The support behind Dip & Squeeze has been fantastic. Take a look at this execution that you can find on our Facebook page or YouTube. [Video Presentation] We continue to innovate in Foodservice as well, and we're really excited about 3 new initiatives. First, Simply Heinz, a range of all-natural condiment products that are made with 30% renewable packaging, a first in Foodservice. We are also launching our new range of Hispanic-focused sauces under the Chamula brand, a terrific brand developed by our colleagues in Heinz Mexico. And finally, we are launching a new range of smart and savory soups, with great taste and healthy nutritionals.  We continue to have a strong focus on improving the nutritional content of our existing products. As a result, we have reduced sodium, fat and calories in our key products without sacrificing taste, which is important to our customers. We have also removed trans fats from most of our products, as well as launched whole-grain products under our Bagel Bites and Smart Ones brands.  In addition to improving the nutritional profile of our existing products, we are also launching new healthier products like Simply Heinz All-Natural Condiments and Ore-Ida Sweet Potato Fries, including 2 new SKUs, Crinkle Cut and Steak Fries. Our consumer messaging also leverages the heritage of pure food. Ore-Ida has a new print campaign called Rethink Potatoes that communicates the overall nutritional value of potatoes and from our Canadian business, we are driving home the nutritional value of our Arthur's Fruit Smoothies business with our It's That Close to Fruit theme. Take a look at the Arthur's commercial. [Video Presentation] Building on our strength in health and wellness, we are also focused on sustainability. We are excited about our partnership with Coke where we will launch our flagship Heinz Ketchup in a PlantBottle during Q1 in both Foodservice and our U.S. Retail business. PlantBottle is made of 30% plant-based material and is 100% recyclable. Beyond the PlantBottle, we have also made a breakthrough in frozen meal trays that use 40% less plastic and provide a 50% reduction in greenhouse gases.  Our second strategy of accelerating growth in Emerging Markets is focused on the ethnic consumer opportunity in the U.S. and Canada and emerging channels in the U.S. Let's start with the emerging consumer group in the U.S. It's undeniable that the Hispanic population is becoming increasingly important. One in 4 babies born in the U.S. are Hispanic. And by 2050, the Hispanic population will represent one in 3 citizens. In addition, the purchasing power of this group of consumers is growing dramatically, about 6x greater in the last 20 years.  In Canada, we are seeing a similar shift with emerging Asian consumers, and in Toronto and Vancouver, more than 40% of the population was in fact not born in Canada. And the leading consumer groups there are Asian. One example, based on our research, is ketchup, where we are significantly underdeveloped with this consumer group. As a result, we have a 3-pronged plan to take advantage of these opportunities. First, we are using consumer-specific marketing in Canada and the U.S. to target each ethnic group. Take a look at the U.S. execution of our Bagel Bites on Telemundo. [Video Presentation] We are also launching new products in our U.S. Retail and Foodservice businesses targeting Hispanic consumers, and we are building a discount customer strategy to better serve emerging channels in the U.S. We also have a plan to further develop our Foodservice business in regional and emerging chains, The Education Channel and the grocery perimeter, all have historically been underdeveloped for Heinz.  Moving on to our operational excellence strategy. We plan to continue to make progress across the supply chain. We continuously strive for new opportunities to streamline and simplify our business. And we have been very successful to date at driving out costs, improving margins, reducing inventory and eliminating SKUs. Bob covered inflation at the total Heinz level earlier. However, it's clear that we have significant inflation on commodities and diesel across North America. In addition to accelerating our productivity efforts, we have already taken or will take pricing across our business to help cover this headwind in fiscal '12. And while we're always thoughtful with our pricing strategy and its impact on our volumes, you can see that most of our brands have favorable elasticities.  Finally, our fourth strategy is making talent an advantage. We think we have a very capable team. In fact, we like to say we fight above our weight. Given that, we know we can do more to leverage this team in the areas of shopper marketing and digital and social media. In fact, we've already started. Take a look at this live demo of our Ore-Ida Sweet Potato Fries from the Ellen show. [Video Presentation] The response to the Ellen spot was very strong. We had our strongest sales week ever on our Ore-Ida Sweet Potato Fries, and sales were up 22% the week after that spot ran. A recent digital example is this execution of our new T.G.I. Friday's Single-Serve entre launch on the front page of Walmart's website. This is really creating awareness for this new product at Walmart and it's off to a great start.  So in summary, our plan is to continue to make progress in our Foodservice business, which is healthier and better positioned to take advantage of a recovery when the industry returns to growth. We remain cautious in our outlook for the Foodservice industry as we see some improvement in restaurant traffic, and unemployment is moderating. However, gas prices and commodities remain high. And as a result, we'll focus on ketchup, condiments and sauces in our underdeveloped segments with increased innovation to drive demand in our categories and brands in the Foodservice channel. In fact our plan is to have another good year in fiscal '12 in North American Consumer Products and U.S. Foodservice. We expect to increase sales, gross margin and operating income in each business. And as I said earlier, the North American Consumer Products sales would have been about $65 million higher or about 200 basis points higher growth if we have not ended our relationship with Boston Market.  I'd like to leave you with a couple of thoughts this morning. First, North America delivered a strong performance in fiscal '11. Our North American Consumer Products business has excelled and continues to win in the challenging environment. And our U.S. Foodservice business is building momentum and has delivered double-digit profit growth in 7 of the past 8 quarters. We are executing against our 4 strategic imperatives and we believe they will drive growth and productivity in fiscal '12 and in the years beyond.  Thank you for the opportunity to share and update on my North American business and our strategic priorities. We now have a quick 10-minute break. If you would return at 10:05, and for those of you here in the room, check out the monitors to catch an impromptu and unsolicited performance by Meat Loaf and Jimmy Fallon as they sing about their love of our Bagel Bites.
David Moran: Welcome back, everyone. I'm very excited to talk a little bit about the European business and a pretty exciting transformation that we have going on in Europe. But we are confident that this substantial redesign will improve our structure, our work processes and importantly, dramatically increase our results as we go forward. The good news is we're making these changes from a position of strength. As you heard from Bill and Art earlier, the results in Europe last year were really strong. We grew sales, we cut our deals and allowances, we grew our gross profit margin by 180 basis points, we increased our marketing by 6%, we grew our operating income by $50 million or 9% year-on-year, and importantly, we increased our ROIC by 120 basis points, all in the very difficult European environment.  I'm also pleased to report that our brands are healthy, and the team is fully aligned in the new plan that you're going to hear today. The plan you'll see today should produce substantially improved results over the next 3 years. Volume from NPV will increase from our historic 1% to 5%. Deals will continue to decline, our gross profit margin will expand by hundreds of basis points, operating income will increase in a very high single digits and ROIC will grow by over 500 basis points over this period of time. The change elements you're going to hear about are quite expansive, but I believe they're worth the effort given the financial return.  Before I go deeper on the agenda, I do want to comment on the trading environment in Europe because it is very challenging. We expect to see an uneven recovery around the globe and even in Europe, but our silver lining is in Eastern Europe, where both Russia and Poland have been moved back to the 4-plus percent growth levels, while the rest of Europe is not seeing the recovery like the U.S. is.  There are 3 major external issues that are impacting our business. First is the economic health of our consumers, second is the continued currency volatility, and arguably the most important in fiscal year '12 is the recent all-time record materials inflation we're facing. What we're seeing across Europe can best be detailed in our largest unit, the United Kingdom. The austerity that the European governments are implementing is having a dramatic effect on our consumers. Consumers are dealing with record inflation, 4 years of negative earnings and also the elimination of public service jobs, which represent a whopping 30% of the U.K. GDP. One of the largest issues we're dealing with is all-time record inflation. Due to the market basket of categories and prime materials we operate in Europe, we have to offset double-digit inflation in fiscal year '12. This is significantly higher than the balance of the company. Primarily due to metals, European sugar and several other large spends with strong double-digit increases, like dairy, meat and cocoa. As we gain momentum through the year, we expect our pricing plans, our productivity and innovation will more than fully cover this record level of cost, and we expect our gross profit margin to continue its 2-year track record of growth. I would like to be very clear. We're incredibly bullish on our European business. We have been in many of these markets for over 100 years. We have a very talented and local team, and we know the issues that we face are real and we have a very much of a get-after-it attitude. Some of the issues we're facing are external, some are internal. But we're addressing them head-on.  We're dealing with these unique issues with great speed. We have a new plan, we're building new capabilities, we're aligning Europe behind a new philosophy, all of this is to accelerate our improving results. There are 5 key tenets of our strategy, which we've branded the European Agenda. First is we want to win with ideas and innovation and you're going to hear today, we're announcing a big step forward in our ability to compete and win in this area. Second, we want to better leverage our European scale. While we still believe in our in-country execution model, we now know we can leverage our assets more effectively and efficiently. Our plans here are quite aggressive. We have reorganized and better aligned our Eastern European markets for faster growth. This is a very exciting part of our European portfolio, and we can better leverage these markets when they're united.  We need to improve our cross-sharing of European assets. We're tearing down the silos that exist between countries, between functions, and the teams are embracing this model quickly and I personally am very pleased with our progress. Finally, we're improving how we run our business and specifically run our brands. We have new pan-European philosophies and tools that we're using to expand our thinking and raise our intellectual output against the business. To add specific texture to what you just heard, we're building a new world-class innovation center, uniting all the R&D resources in Europe. We're completely centralizing and professionalizing our leadership and strategy within the supply chain. We're co-locating and centralizing our entire supply chain function, manufacturing, procurement and logistics, all led by one strong leader. We're also enhancing our Eastern European leadership structure to better capitalize on our fastest growing area. We're driving united culture, one of ideas, cooperation, innovations and better partnering skills with our customers and suppliers.  Ideas and innovations are the very backbone of our strategy. Accordingly, we need to build capabilities to do this work. We're pleased to announce we're building a state-of-the-art innovation center in Holland. This center will house up to 2,200 professionals. Experts include science, engineering, packaging and food safety. We'll be investing in a new pilot plant which will be capable of replicating production of virtually every factory in Europe. We're adding a new consumer closeness sensory center, building an instrumentation lab and advanced food-safety capabilities. We're also using this opportunity to bring in new talent, which will bring us new and advance skills, adding to our already talented R&D organization.  As you remember, we built an innovation center in the U.S. 8 years ago. You've seen the results from that investment. We're looking for a similar step change in our innovation output in Europe going forward. We strategically located this center next to our Elst factory, which produces essentially all European sauces. Nijmegen, Holland is known as the Silicon Valley of food science. This is all part of the agenda to better partner with others who have knowledge we need. I cannot tell you how excited the team is about the new center, the capabilities it will bring and how it's going to improve our results. We're grateful to the company for the investment, and we promise a terrific return to our shareholders. The new center will be the single largest investment in R&D in Heinz's history. It will add enormously to our capabilities and talent. The center will support all of Europe and many of our emerging markets all around the globe.  As an example of the progress we're already making let's take a look at our most important brand, Heinz Ketchup. Ketchup represents over 20% of the gross profit dollars in Europe. It has grown 6% in each of the last 2 years. It's truly a pan-European brand, and gives us enormous economies of scale in dealing with our customers. So clearly, ketchup is the power brand in Europe. We're number one in 10 markets, we enjoyed share growth across virtually all of Europe. In fact, Germany just refers to the course that's on the slide here. We now have a 33% share. So a super congratulations to Jens [ph] and his German team. We have a powerful pipeline of innovation and detailed plans to grow our share by 15 points over the next several years. Our ketchup plan is a good example of the European agenda in action, better leveraging our scale, our ideas with an emphasis on innovation and creativity. The U.K. and the continent team together developed a multiyear ketchup innovation and marketing plan. We own the barbecue season in a number of countries through innovative new products, flankers, and an iPad app to organize everyone's grilling experience. We're now running ketchup as a pan-European brand for innovation, packaging and marketing. All innovations are launched within multiple countries today, with several good examples here on this slide. A specific call-out is the multi-country media campaign to enhance the Heinz equity and prove Heinz is the only tomato ketchup. Let's take a quick look at that commercial. [Video Presentation] This commercial is now running in 8 European countries. All of Heinz is moving to the new world of digital media, and the whole company is seeing a really strong payback. We're providing consumers with recipes which utilize ketchup and ways to share their Heinz Ketchup moment. As I said earlier, ketchup innovation pipeline has never been stronger in Europe. First Harvest emphasizes the naturalness of Heinz. This new SKU captures the first tomatoes of the season, and we pack within 48 hours from the vine.  Let me share another example of the agenda. As you heard me say, the Heinz business in the U.K. is truly of an epic brand status, unlike any I've seen anywhere around. Penetration is 95%, 60% of households have 4 or more SKUs in every pantry and our shares have never been stronger, with a whopping 70% across the brands listed. Even with this success, we're enhancing our model. We're using the agenda to drive more full-price sales, reducing our discounting and improving our innovation emphasis. Most of our products in the U.K. are undergoing enhancements in taste, packaging and line extensions. We're also reshaping our P&L, spending much more in marketing. As you can see, 55% over the last 2 years, to drive the business in a much more sustainable, lasting way. This great business can perform even better in the future following this strategy. Our Infant Feeding business in Italy is a gem in the company. We command a 55 share and like Heinz in the U.K., enjoy a multigenerational relationship of trust with our consumers. Let's take a quick look at the commercial that's driving that business. [Video Presentation] Our Italian team has a well-developed strategy to grow this vital business for us. Their approach focuses on up-aging the category and gaining a bigger share of stomach from homemade. This strategy led us to the innovation coming out later this year. We are the first to offer in the Italian market a full line of innovative aseptic products. This is a big game changer for us, and a category grower for us and our customers. Our aseptic will be the best taste in the category. We believe the biggest source of new volume will be from homemade so this volume is all upside for Heinz and our customers. The product is cooked less, tastes better and is more nutritious. It is also sustainable as we move to plastic away from glass.  Let's turn to our local jewel in Holland, the Honig brand, an almost unparalleled 97% penetration for this multi-category brand. The brand is number one in 3 main food categories: pasta, soup and dry mixes. We have a strong innovation program behind the brand, with an emphasis on health and wellness going forward, a new pasta with 30% extra fiber is supported through TV campaigns and in-store trial programs.  Providing consumers more reason to buy our products off the shelf at full price is job one in Europe. A vital must-win moment is when consumers use and open our package, and we're making a number of improvements here across the all of Europe. We're drilling into product after product comparing our taste to our standards and the other standards around the world, and winning on taste is a very much a core tenet of the new plan. We're also adding to the reach of our brands such as HP with Guinness and Heinz TK with the Mexican taste profile in Russia.  Better leveraging our scale is vital to our plan and this is an area where our thinking and approach is changing substantially. Historically, we've run Europe as a strong country model, with all the functions being country specific. As a result, we have a complex, fragmented model with duplication. We have to become simpler, faster and better connected. We can simplify to drive out cost and we can do our work better with this new model. In supply chain, you can already see the benefits of standardizing and leveraging and simplification. Please notice the reduction in SKUs, factory suppliers and logistics providers. While we still believe deeply in the in-country execution approach, we know there are substantial savings and improvements to how we work in a more professionally run centralized approach, one that leverages our scale. And over the last year, we've centralized European leadership in supply chain, R&D and finance. Our model is more sophisticated and more professionally run. It essentially embraces the notion that we can do some work centrally, better, faster and cheaper than 15 separate times across a disparate Europe.  Keystone is at the backbone capability for the H.J. Heinz company and Europe was the first to launch the Heinz Global Keystone template for the company. Right now, we're live in the Netherlands and the Nordics and in FY '12 we'll go forward with 4 additional European markets. One of the most exciting aspects of running Heinz Europe is our Emerging Markets exposure. In fiscal year '12, these markets will represent about 15% of our sales. We've enjoyed terrific success in Russia, we've grown our Heinz equity by 50% over the last several years on a CAGR basis. We're number one in ketchups, cereals and infant biscuits, and we partner extremely well with McDonald's. And we have 100% of their Sauce business.  A real cornerstone of the agenda is to grow our Emerging Markets more rapidly and we reorganized their European business to maximize on this region's potential, essentially we've created a new business unit to focus on Europe's emerging world. Some great examples of continued innovation in our Emerging Markets from Heinz, the Heinz equity now represents over 70% of our Russian sales, and we're extraordinarily well-positioned to expand into new categories and to new white spaces. We're supporting the Heinz equity in Russia with a strong media rate and we spent 90% of our marketing dollars on the Heinz equity there. Our Russian team is as committed to growing the Heinz equity as anywhere in the Heinz world.  So far, we've talked about European strategies of leveraging scale, demonstrated with the centralization of supply chain, finance and R&D. Developing common philosophies across Europe is helping us greatly. We're focusing on innovation, full price sales, squeezing every dollar out of our own P&L and winning the right way with consumers and customers. I believe the glue that holds all of this together is a culture that supports A players to the fullest, people that are capable of 4 things: bringing us new ideas to win, making their number, building their team, and playing as a team across all of Europe. The team has sparked the culture building we are driving, and is vital for talent mobility and leveraging our scale.  Heinz Europe is on an exciting journey going forward, and I'm pleased we're performing well in this challenging part of the world. Looking forward, fiscal year '12 is an enormously important year in our transformation. I am confident that this region will produce even stronger results for our shareholders. Fiscal year '12 is characterized as continued financial improvement and also a major change in how we work, how we think and how we lead. We will invest in the transformation through onetime charges, but this will drive much improved performance beginning in fiscal year '13. Under our plan, Heinz Europe will be a region with moderate volume growth, strong operating income growth and a much improved ROIC achievement over the next several years. With that, I'm pleased to turn over to Mike and Chris who will talk us about the Emerging Markets.
Michael Milone: Thanks, Dave. The Emerging Market opportunity is big it actually takes 2 of us to present, but I'll kick it off. You can see from the map that these markets span a wide geographic territory. In FY '11, they accounted for $1.7 billion in sales for Heinz, and it's not unreasonable to expect they could grow to $5 billion by FY '16. The reasons for our optimism are simple. First, the emerging markets are more demographically advantaged. Starting with the basics, they have a greater population and more births.  We enjoy a rapidly growing middle-class, estimated to grow 70% over the next 5 years. This amounts to an additional 460 million new middle-class consumers or nearly 2 times the adult spending population in the United States today, age 14 plus. These fundamentals translate to a higher GDP growth and economic development and more opportunities to sell our products to more people in more markets. The macroeconomic forecasts are startling. Everyone's heard reports that China will soon be the largest economy in the world. But taking a look at 2050, it's expected that 6 out of the top 10, really 6 out of the 8 top economies will be those that are considered emerging today. Heinz is well-positioned for this future.  Emerging Markets are also attractive from several operating considerations. For one thing they have a highly fragmented trade environment. This chart shows the concentration of the top 5 retailers in a number of developed markets in the red and Emerging Markets in green. This will of course change overtime, but with less trade concentration, there's more of a mutual balance of power between suppliers and retailers in Emerging Markets.  Not only is the trade environment more fragmented, so is the competitive environment. You can see from this slide that there's no single competitor in Heinz' emerging markets that competes with Heinz across both our key product categories and across markets. We have shown that we can be successful and grow rapidly. When we first started emphasizing growth of our Emerging Markets, their importance to our portfolio was only around 10%. For the latest fiscal year, we reached 16%, and in FY '12, we expect Emerging Markets to exceed 20% of Heinz' total net sales. The question of yes, you can grow them, but are they profitable frequently arises. We believe the environment is also favorable for profit improvement. Currently, pricing per ton and gross profit are slightly lower in our Emerging Markets than our Developed Markets. The difference is more pronounced that if we take out the impact of mix and look at our largest emerging market categories: Infant Nutrition and ketchup and sauces. As consumers' aspirations rise, so will opportunities to tier and trade consumers up. In Emerging Markets, where we've been for more than 10 years, margins are near parity with our Developed Markets. Further supporting this belief is a very positive gross profit trend. Since FY '07, gross profit from our Emerging Markets is increasing in line with the top line. This is in actual dollars and shows that we can over time overcome the intrinsic variability of currency, political upheaval and other challenges associated with business in Emerging Markets. Concurrent with our success at both the top and bottom line have been investments in incremental resources for growth, specifically marketing and capital. You can see on this chart the relative change in our spend levels as a percentage of net sales between markets. Note that since FY '06, investment is up in Developed Markets, so they are not being ignored, but it's particularly up in Emerging Markets where we're getting higher growth. Compared to our peers in the U.S. food sector, we're also well positioned. You can see that our Emerging Market development is near the top as Bill showed earlier. But I've got to add that our definition does not include Australia, France, Italy or Japan, as some of our peer definitions do.  In terms of geographic balance, we are diversified across the most important BRIC markets plus Indonesia. These account for approximately 70% of our emerging market sales. Each is roughly equal in terms of size and investment, providing a measure of risk mitigation compared to a big bet on any one. These 5 markets account for 45% of the world's population and are expanding GDP at approximately 9%.  But our Emerging Market development does not stop there. We're currently in or developing virtually all of the next tier of Emerging Markets. A recent forecast from the Economist Intelligence Unit cited the CIVETS markets as the next generation. Colombia, Indonesia, Vietnam, Egypt, Turkey and South Africa, we have a presence in or have targeted each of these as development priorities.  The categories in which we compete in Emerging Markets match Heinz' corporate categories, and all our core categories are growing in Emerging Markets, particularly strong are our growth rates in Infant Nutrition and ketchup and sauces. Turning to a deeper look at the Infant Nutrition category. You may recall that Infant Nutrition represent 11% of our total worldwide sales. However, it represents 26% of our Emerging Market sales in FY '11. We often say that Infant Nutrition in Emerging Markets represent the intersection of our most profitable category and highest growth geographies. Looking beyond Heinz, baby food is the fastest-growing food category in Emerging Markets. Emerging Markets are now larger than Developed Markets in total infant category size, with greater prospects on opportunity for future growth. Heinz is already a leading player in the infant category globally, and has excellent Emerging Market capabilities upon which to build. We're managing the category globally from what we regard as our center of excellence, Italy, where we enjoy 100 years of expertise as Dave indicated earlier. We're leveraging this experience in Emerging Markets through some of the products you see on the right. Peeling back some of the trends within our Emerging -- within our Infant Nutrition business, you can see the category has been a key driver of Emerging Markets growth. Infant Nutrition in Emerging Markets has grown at a rate of 27% since FY '07 on a constant currency basis, and accounts for about 40% of our total global Infant Nutrition business.  Earlier, I mentioned the high birth rate in Emerging Markets. If you go beyond birth rate and look at actual number of births, which are shown here for most of the large markets around the world, about 1/3 of all births globally occur in India and China. It's clear that success in India and China equals success in the Infant Nutrition category, and that's a perfect segue to Chris, who will talk about our development in these important markets.
Christopher Warmoth: As Mike has just said, India and China are indeed critical for Infant Nutrition. And the positive news is that in both countries, we have real momentum and see major potential going forward. In India, Complan is a great growth story, up 3.5x over 5 years, with sales in FY '12 expected to approach $200 million. Complan has high applicability or relevance through its excellent advertising campaign which started in FY '05. We've now made over 20 spots in this campaign. We've also had a constant stream of new products, the biggest being the saffron and almond version, Complan Kesar Badam. More recently, we've introduced Complan Nutri-Gro and Complan Memory. Both are now in the middle of national expansion and adding significant extra volume. Memory goes on a clinically proven fact that kids with insufficient nutrition have poorer cognitive responses. Nutri-Gro is a down-age Complan targeted at kids 2 to 4 versus the base of 4 to 14. The advertising builds on a common Indian concern that young kids don't look their age with a nutritionist explaining that sickness and fussy eating can impede growth. [Video Presentation] Complan, along with our second brand in India, Glucon-D, has also grown through deep and ever-improving availability. The left axis here shows the number of stores carrying the brands, with Glucon-D with over 1 million and Complan now nearly 600,000. The percentage above the bars shows year-on-year distribution increases. And that's significant on both base products and especially new ones.  Moving to our Chinese Infant business, FY '11 was a very good year. We're making consistent progress on infant formula. A critical measure is how much our distributors sell to retailers, and it's growing very steadily. Distribution is in line with our target, and we're learning over time. For example, we were surprised to find out that in-store tasting works very well. We're having very good success with all our digital activities, with our websites voted the third best in China. The Heinz brands, including formula, grew by 41% in FY '11 and excluding formula, we still grew by 27%, a record. And significantly above the previous 3-year average. The additional marketing, medical detailing and sampling resources put against formula have really helped baby food. We've continued to be very active on innovation across our range of dry cereals and noodles, wet jars and pouches, supplements and snacks. This slide shows only items introduced since January 2010. And as you can see, they're very extensive. Growth is also being driven by some big gains in distribution, and especially on products introduced in the past 2 or so years, such as noodles, Fruit Crush, Teething Rusks and Milk Mate supplements. We also make sure our products are broadly affordable through the use of tiering. Plain cereals and noodles cost just $0.14 per serve, with flavored cereal at $0.18 compared to over $0.40 for our premium range and the cost in Italy. On jars, our pricing is relatively higher at $0.31, but still well below Italy at over $0.50. Our success in India and China both derive from our operating model, which is working very well and has evolved based on long experience. It has 2 key elements. First is branding, having a strong brand on which to build. Second is organizing the right local/global balance. And lastly is executing in the market. On branding, the Heinz brand, of course, has been built organically. The other brands here all came via acquisition, and we're very comfortable with both approaches. We do sell the Heinz brand everywhere and as you heard from Dave, it's big in Russia and also in Latin America and China. Five brands from emerging markets are now in the company's top 15. Apart from the Heinz brand, the other 4 were all acquired, starting with Complan in 1994. Prior to acquisition, most had a long history, but were small. On organizing, at the heart is empowered local teams. Emerging Markets change fast. Speed and flexibility is key. Food is full of local differences and the trade is constantly changing. We've evolved most decision-making down to our local teams, which requires strong and capable local management and that's exactly what we have. At the leadership level, all our BU leaders originate from emerging markets. We have a good mix of locals in their local market and transferees from other emerging markets. And also a very good balance of youth and experience. On top, we're increasingly leveraging our global scale with global resources to support and help improve the local teams. We're raising technical skill levels, bringing new technology faster to the markets and reapplying proven business processes and systems.  We've also recently made several management moves to broaden experience, and at the same time, to leverage developed market expertise in both line management, those on the left, and also functional expertise, on the right. Finally, executing. This revolves around the 3 A's of availability, affordability and applicability. Availability is all about distribution; affordability about the right price; applicability, about relevance. They sound simple. But doing them all well all the time is a major challenge. On availability, no one size fits all. The trade environment and local practices vary hugely. And this is why we go to market in very different ways. In some businesses, over 80% of our sales go through distributors. On others, it's relatively evenly balanced between direct and distributors and in Java and Indonesia and Brazil, it's all direct. These distributive differences are captured on the top graph here. But one trend, which is common everywhere is the growth of the modern trade. Now currently, the percent of our business, which goes through the model trade vary hugely from 100% down to just 10%.  We usually have big sales forces, and with such big teams, technology can be a tremendous aid. We've installed IT systems at our distributors, giving us access to realtime data on their inventory, sales to retailers, sales by area and so on. We're also making increasing use of hand-held terminals for better data quality, immediate visibility on orders and to track sales performance. Since we installed this in Indonesia, all metrics have improved. The number of calls the salesman makes per day, the number of calls which result in a sale and in-store out of stocks. The second A is affordability. In Indonesia, ABC was recently voted one of the top 5 brands across all categories. We make our products affordable to everyone by offering on sauces a broad range of sachets. We sell approaching 5 billion sachets per year with most priced at just USD $0.03. Our beverages are also very affordable. Squash Delight Syrup makes 21 glasses for just $0.06 each, and on the far right, Mr. Juicy Ready To Drink for kids costs just $0.11. One interesting statistic. Our Indonesian sales at about USD 350 million in FY '11 are obviously much smaller than our U.S. sales. But if you adjust for wage levels, an average consumer in Indonesia spends about twice as much on our products compared to what an American spends here. So as wages grow in Indonesia, our sales will grow accordingly. Indonesia also offers good examples of the third A: applicability. All the products here have been introduced since January 2010, and all are doing well. They include premium extensions, flavor extensions, new categories and new packaging shapes and forms. Hot Soy, in the bottom left is a traditional Indonesian sweet soy sauce, but with chili added. It's shipping very well, and I'd like to show you the ad. [Video Presentation] On discussing branding, I mentioned that many of our brands came to Heinz via acquisitions, our buy-and-build approach. Our most recent example is from Brazil and I'll hand back to Mike to discuss Quero.
Michael Milone: As you're likely aware, we've completed the acquisition of Quero in April after reaching an agreement to buy the company just a month earlier. Quero is a leading brand of tomato products, ketchup, condiments, vegetables and seasonings in Brazil, with annual sales of approximately $325 million in 2010. We are extremely excited about this acquisition, as it's our first meaningful position in Brazil. As you can see, Brazil is an incredibly important market, an opportunity for Heinz in Latin America based both on population and GDP.  Beyond Latin America it's the fifth largest market by population and ninth largest by GDP globally. Quero was founded 26 years ago in So Paulo and has been growing at a rate of 13% between 2005 and 2009. Sales were basically flat in 2010 due to capacity constraints. This is well on the way to being rectified and is just one reason for our confidence in the growth opportunities in Brazil.  Sales product mix is an area that are very well known and familiar at Heinz. Tomato products and condiments represent 55% of the business and vegetable products, the remainder. We feel that Quero and Heinz are a terrific match. You'll see that whether it's branding, capabilities and organizing or executing the 3 As, this is a great fit, truly buy-and-build in action. Touching briefly on each of these points. There's are leading local brand holding the number one or number 2 position in each of its key product categories. Note the small and growing position that Heinz has established in Brazil with ketchup. In fact, our FY '11 exported tonnage of the Heinz brand in Brazil was up 71% and net sales more than doubled. This was achieved although focusing only on the modern trade, with a very premium-priced product.  Quero brings great local manufacturing, infrastructure and one major centrally located plant, a new state-of-the-art distribution center and a recently installed basic SAP system. This site near Neropolis in the state of Goias, has more employees than any other site in the world of Heinz. While Quero brings local capabilities, Heinz brings global best practices and opportunities to deliver productivity improvements be it through agriculture, procurement, manufacturing or product innovation, plus the capital to support investments. In terms of management philosophies, the companies are, again, highly complementary. And this is a key point of difference and advantage for Heinz in developing new business relationships. I'm often asked how can Heinz be expected to succeed in its acquisition strategy in Emerging Markets when much larger companies can easily come in and outbid us? However, when dealing with entrepreneurs, you're dealing with an emotional attachment. In the case of Quero, it was developed over 26 years, with the brand and loyal employees who have become part of the family. We value those brands, we value those employees and their expertise, we value the local expert insights and experience they bring, all of which have been important factors in successfully developing deals with entrepreneurs in the Emerging Markets.  This next slide shows how it's been specifically executed from an organization standpoint with Quero. Our management team represents a good mix of Heinz and individuals from Quero plus new hires. In the case of Heinz employees, we've sourced them from 4 different Heinz BUs: Venezuela, North America, the U.K. and Heinz in Columbia. Note also the mix of rules were flat where each company is bringing to the business. Moving on to another key area, which is critical to the success in Emerging Markets. We often say one of the most important things we buy when entering a market is a deep sales and distribution penetration. With Quero, we bought a highly effective traditional trade/sales organization built around 170 independent agents who provide coverage to 150,000 stores. However, the modern trade has been growing rapidly and now accounts for 58% of market sales against only 44% of Quero sales. Hence, the opportunity and where Heinz comes in. Heinz has modern trade expertise and can help work with retailers delivering benefits like reducing the cost of Heinz-branded products via local production, efficient shipping with Quero products, better assortment with innovations and ideas to stimulate consumer demand. Quero's products are locally-oriented, with both low-cost product and low-cost package design. Heinz can bring innovation and marketing. For example, Quero has a pouch ketchup. Heinz has pouches with spouts and can evolve into clear bottles. Quero offers pasta sauces in pouches and Heinz is adept at more premium products packaged in glass under both the Heinz and Classico brands. Quero has done some very interesting things, evolving from cans to tetra packaging for retort sterilized products. And of course, there are many other categories and products which hold promise such as baby food. Quero's done a good job on affordability, using local designs and tiering. You can see the economies they have brought to their sauce line. Corn is worth an additional comment. There may be no apparent value here just looking at price, but to the typical traditional channel Brazilian shopper, that jar without a label looks conspicuously like a drinking glass, which they get for free.  You may remember jelly jars used to be printed with cartoon characters in the U.S. for the same purpose. There is no reason some of these ideas may not be relevant and applicable to other Heinz markets. For the Heinz line, local production enhances affordability. One simple examples are current delivery cost chain from the U.S., which costs over $12 per case compared to our delivery cost associated with Brazilian production of approximately $2 per case. This represents $10 per case savings. There are also obvious taste, procurement and automation opportunities. Net, we are extremely excited about Brazil. The market is expected to remain very robust with continuing investments in infrastructure to support the FIFA World Cup in 2014 and the Rio Olympics in 2016. Our goal is to reach $500 million in sales in Brazil by our Fiscal 14. And then we'll set our sights on $1 billion, a vision our new partner and the former owner of Quero fully supports and shares. And with that, I'll turn it over to Chris to update you on Foodstar, our other recent acquisition and key building block of our expanding business in China.
Christopher Warmoth: Thanks Mike. The addition of Foodstar has nicely rounded out our portfolio in China. We now have substantial entries in all 3 of the company's core categories. Foodstar has 2 brands; in soy sauce, Master or Weishida in Chinese and fermented bean curd, Guanghe. Soy is a huge market. And in FY '12, this business should be approaching a $150 million. Master soy sauce competes in a premium segment called Weijixian. But it's still affordable with a small bottle costing under USD 1 and significant sales coming from the 1.6 liter value pack. Guanghe bean curd will last many weeks and costs just $0.72.  We completed this acquisition in November, and it's off to a very fast start. In the 12 months prior to the acquisition, sales were growing 12% per year. In our 6 months, this has accelerated to 22% with all key segments growing strongly. This accelerated growth reflects the benefits of various activities we've undertaken: organization, efficiency builders, distribution, and advertising. On organization, we moved to integrate Foodstar quickly but did so carefully. The management team today is a healthy mix. The Managing Director comes from Heinz Russia. We have several people from other Heinz businesses in China. We made a couple of external hires in China, and the biggest group is those who came with the acquisition. Foodstar's heartland is the 2 provinces of Guangdong and Fujian. In both, we've already significantly increased our distribution and our promoter penetration with plans to increase further in FY '12. We've also just started to advertise Master using the insights of the little boy so proud of his mom's cooking that he invites his little girlfriend home to taste it. [Video Presentation] For FY 12, we have 5 key priorities to ensure we maintain healthy growth. First, the modern trade. Foodstar is very underdeveloped here, and we have already secured listings in Walmart in the south, and now are working on closing the many other distribution gaps. Second, Foodservice, which is also underdeveloped, and where our growth plans are well advanced. Geographical expansion. We'll expand north into Zhejiang province. New products. We inherited a good innovation funnel with several to be launched in this year. And finally, we can realize supply chain opportunities by integrating Foodstar into our pan China operation. On Foodstar supply, a critical project is the major new factory near Shanghai. Its now producing soy sauce extract with filling lines and warehousing soon to be added.  And shifting for a moment to another sauces factory we have in China, the one making western-style sauces in Qingdao, we're now nearing the end of a significant expansion there, too. Qingdao will be our main supply source for our newly won McDonald's contract, and we'll ship to 13 different McDonald's markets. As you've heard, the importance of emerging markets has increased from 9% of the company's sales in FY '05 to 16% in FY '11. For FY '12, we're forecasting above 20%, and have a target of 30% by FY '16. Importantly, we expect this growth to be profitable. As Mike showed, our gross margins in our established emerging markets are much higher than newer countries. We have a good track record of improving margins over time as we leverage scale, increase prices, improve mix, and tap into global best practices. We expect FY '12 to be another strong year. Excluding acquisitions, sales are forecast to grow over 15%. Gross profit should rise more, with some of that invested back in additional marketing. CapEx will rise significantly as we execute capacity-building projects in all our key countries. With Quero and Foodstar added, the pattern is similar, but at much higher percentage levels. Sales project 40% ahead with OI at 30%, as we invest in marketing and lay the foundation for future gross margin improvements. In summary, Heinz is well-positioned in emerging markets. We have scale in the BRIC markets and Indonesia. Over many years of experience, we've developed a proven operating model built around strong brands, empowered and talented local management, well supported by our global expertise, and an ability to execute well in the market. This makes us believe that our FY 16 goal of 30% is not only aspirational, but also achievable. We really do have an exciting future ahead. And with that, I'll hand over to Bill for some closing comments.
Bill Johnson: Just a few comments. I think, in general takeaways, solid fiscal 11, increasing the dividend, great strength in emerging markets, enormous talent including some people you havent seen today that many of you were exposed to last year and very optimistic about the future, both in our developed markets and our emerging markets. I mean, we feel this company is hitting on every cylinder. In restructuring or the initiatives that we're calling productivity initiatives. You noticed, by the way, there is no name. There will be no name. These are just individual productivity initiatives, will set us up for what we see as a really good run over the next 3 to 5 years. So, I think, you've been exposed to a very capable team, probably in my view, certainly the best in the industry. And certainly, the deepest and most experienced and more importantly, the most stable. We've had very few changes in our senior team over the last 5 or 6 years. So I think with that, we'll open it up to Q&A. We've kept you right on time. As you can imagine, Meg is a big reason for that. I think she broke 7 sticks this week, beating us all over the head. And you all see the nice side of Meg. You dont see the other side of Meg.
Margaret Nollen: All right. [Indiscernible]
Jonathan Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Jon Feeney at Janney. Mike, in your emerging market presentation, you gave the -- off the gross margin for the emerging markets versus the Heinz average. I just was kind of wondering if you could give us some sense of what the operating margin looks like, some of the SG&A differences between the 2 businesses? And related to that, tying it back into with Art's comments, I mean, it looks like capital expenditure by the end of fiscal '12 in your guidance will have about tripled going into emerging markets. Kind of what sort of return profile are we looking at in an aggregate basis and going forward? So, operating margins and returns in those emerging markets versus the rest of the business?
Michael Milone: Well, it's tough to generalize because some of our markets are as high as profitability in any other market. Indonesia and India, for example, are extremely profitable. We've been there for a while, but in general, once you get below the gross profit margin line, we're obviously spending more on marketing. We are spending a little bit more on sales and distribution. I think, on the whole, G&A is on about par, maybe a little bit higher. We expect to be able to get some efficiencies there over time. I think, if you look at the history, there is no question that the operating margins are lower, but they've been increasing at the same kind of pace. I think that shows in some of our aggregate numbers from the regions. So, good prospects for continued improvements. In terms of the return, we have a new asset base. So the assets aren't as fully depreciated in some of the other markets, but they're high.
Arthur Winkleblack: Generally, our returns are higher in emerging markets, because we got growth. I mean I'm -- always, when I go out with investors one of the questions we always get is are these markets profitable? Well, you don't grow the way we've grown at the bottom line without these markets being profitable. And they are very profitable, but in some cases, we've opted to invest more aggressively than in others. But certainly in the case of the 2 markets Mike mentioned that I had preferred he not mention, those are very profitable markets. If we look at a couple of others, we've been very clear on Russia, for example, over the last few years that we're investing to make sure we win in ketchup. And we are winning in ketchup. We now have a very strong number one position in ketchup and condiments and in ketchup itself. We're number one in dry baby food and we're number one or are going to soon be number one in beans. And so I think as we look at these markets, we will continue to invest differentially because we're getting different growth out of them. We're getting much better growth, disproportionate, but we are making money in all these markets. We are cash flow positive in all these markets. The margins over time will equilibrate with our developed markets. If you look at our portfolio and you break it into parts, you look at it in 3 parts. We have 3 segments of gross margin. You obviously have the United States, the U.K., Italy and a few other markets that have top tier margins. Then we have our emerging markets. Then we have some of our other developed markets below those emerging markets. So Im always amused by the question, are emerging markets pulling your margins down? If anything, it's the markets where we struggle more with the consolidated customer base. So I think over time, the emerging markets in terms of driving profit and in terms of driving growth will far surpass anything we have ever seen in the developed world.
Arthur Winkleblack: Keep in mind, these capital projects all stand on their own. So they each have a discounted cash flow model behind them. And so if they dont return well better than the weighted average cost of capital of the company, we dont do the project.
Bill Johnson: Yes, one more comment on capital, I dont want to leave anybody with a misimpression we're only investing in emerging markets. You've got huge investment, one of the largest capital investments we have ever made in the aseptic launch in Italy and the U.K. Its huge investment. In fact, Im going over there in 2 weeks to look at the investment in Latina. We've got the opening of the factory in South Carolina in Florence to support frozen, which is the most expensive factory the company has ever built, opens in a couple of weeks. We've just filled the employment and the factory is shaping up pretty well. The keystone investments being made predominantly in developed markets are significant investments of capital and then, obviously, Dip & Squeeze, where as Scott mentioned, we are out of capacity. We're at 2 machines now, soon to add a third machine because if we dont we will not literally be able to keep up with demand. So we spread our bets as carefully as we can against opportunities that will give us the greatest return, and I think the team has done a pretty good job. Now put yourself in my position with all these guys in my office asking for marketing and capital, it makes for some pretty interesting discussions. We've got some dents in the wall from where my shoes missed them and hit the wall. We've got a few other areas of opportunities that all these guys would like to invest in, but I think generally we do a pretty good job of diversifying our investments across the portfolio.
Margaret Nollen: Terry?
Terry Bivens - JP Morgan Chase & Co: My question is for Chris and Bill. It kind of leverages off your comment about some of the developed markets with the lower margins. Clearly, a lot of enthusiasm for the stock is based on some of the growth that we expect to see out of Asia, but at the same time, we have this anchor in Australia. Can you bring us up-to-date on what's the latest with the Coles-Woolworth price war? And I think more importantly, how do you guys -- if this thing keeps going on, how do you plan to change the business model there to adapt to that?
Christopher Warmoth: Terry, I think we assume the climate will continue. It is a very tough climate for the reason you said. And we are now reshaping our whole business to succeed in that environment where innovation is going to be critical, bringing new insights to the retailers. I think we've learned a lot from our U.S. colleagues in terms of techniques and tools, whereby you actually bring the retailers' shopper insights, category insights, which may give discipline, but also ensure they come up with the right answers. And we announced this morning the restructuring projects, we said some would be in the Pacific. That would include Australia. So we're sharpening our cost base. We operate that region as Australia, New Zealand and Japan together. There is a lot of mutual supply interdependency. So we can actually become quite a lot more efficient by taking that one step further. So we're well down the path on all of that. I think, we're assuming the situation will continue, and Metcash is the number 3 retailer, and they're pretty small. We dont see Coles and Woolworths going anywhere, so were adapting to that environment. We have a very strong brand in Heinz. We have a very strong brand in Golden Circle. We have an organization with a long history. We've put in quite a lot of talents from other markets. I think, as these things come through, Australia can be a good market for us.
Bill Johnson: Yes, I think, the 2 other things to keep in mind, one is factored into our outlook. And we dont look for a turnaround in Australia, and it's factored into our outlook. I think, the second thing to note is we put the individual in charge successfully in charge of New Zealand in charge of Australia. He is used to dealing with a consolidated customer market of 2 customers, including Woolies, which is one of those customers, but there is no doubt that in terms of retail environment, the Australian market is the worst market, and ultimately the people that will pay the price over there are the consumers because products will ultimately be devalued to address the price points that customers are asking us to address. So the consumer is going to ultimately be the big loser in Australia. But we have factored in mediocre results from our Australian portfolio. And you got to remember, we're talking about 7% of our sales. And basically, over time, probably 6% or 5% of our sales. So were not talking about a big piece. The portfolio is very profitable in terms of the bottom line. It's just not an opportunity anymore because of the fight that's broken out between Coles and Woolworths. And it's really a shame because, again, I think ultimately, the people who will pay the price is the Australian consumer, who will be served in a poor way, I think, with poor product selection long term.
Margaret Nollen: Chris?
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Question for you regarding Europe. I guess, it's also for Dave. I was curious, 2 aspects to Europe, one being, there is a planned reduction in D&A spending, which I think you've tried before. I know, it's a tough market for that to occur. So I was curious how you see that playing out over the next several years. And then also to understand the operating profit growth there, which is a very robust growth rate over the next several years. I assume part of that's cost-saving driven, but also you are expecting some strong top-line growth as well. So I'm just trying to understand those 2 pieces of the Europe outlook over the next several years.
David Moran: Okay. You've heard me say this before that I believe retailers put manufacturers in 2 buckets. The bucket of I'm going to negotiate dollars and cents and pennies and extract money from you, or we're going to use you to help grow our category. And we are trying to move some of our businesses away from the former to the latter, which is done via innovation and new ideas. The innovation pipeline for Europe is growing. It's not perfect yet, I think when we get the innovation center up and running, it will be a fabulous addition. But the teams are already responding beautifully to the mantra. And we're making great progress there. We've been pretty open with our retailers. We've had these types of conversations of you view us in this bucket, we want to move to this bucket, and here is what the benefits are. And we're being pretty successful. Last year, especially Q2, Q3 and Q4 in terms of D&A, was down very substantially across Europe. We had a bad first quarter, so that moderated the year, but we took out roughly 100 basis points, give or take a bit, on a full year basis last year. This year, we're looking for about the same, maybe a little bit less. And that will grow as we replace deals with ideas, concepts, and new innovations. So we sell more product off the shelf at full price. The operating income is really a function of that. We're blessed with glorious brands. We have a couple of businesses that have epic status, 80% share, 70% share, wonderful gross margins. The consumer loves our brands, theyre very responsive, and were pumping more and more marketing money into the European environment trying to sell more product off the shelf at full price, I mean, that really is the backbone of raising the operating income on an ongoing basis. And I do think the team is really terrific at managing the middle of that P&L. SG&A has kind of been directionally flat for a long period of time. I think, with some of the supply chain changes in distribution, that will even improve as we go forward.
Bill Johnson: Well, I think, the other thing you are getting is a huge pick-up in sales mix. You've seen the growth in ketchup across Europe, one of our most profitable businesses. The Italian Baby Food business has done well over the last couple of years, driven by innovation. So we're getting a real mix shift in Europe that I think will benefit us long term. And I think -- I want to echo one of Daves points. I will stack our European management team up against anybodys. They are all locals. They understand the consumer. They understand the customer. And Dave Woodward, in particular, in the U.K. and Roel van Neerbos and his team and Stefano Clini, who runs Italy, whos actually sitting in the back of the room, absorbing all of this. For what purpose, Im not sure. But he asked if he could come, and he was in the country, and I said sure. But I think generally, we just have a terrific team, who's done a very good job of managing in a difficult situation. And one last thing, no one has a greater passion for efficient deal spending than Dave. He proved it in the United States, hes proving it there. With commitment and focus, you can manage this process. It does take great brands. And where we dont have strong brands in Europe, we've lost some distribution. So it is a function of having great brands, but with passionate leadership, who are committed to making this happen. And I think the European team has done a damn good job of rising from the ashes and driving pretty darn good performance.
Margaret Nollen: Definitely. Okay. David?
Unknown Analyst - : Well, I have 2 small questions. In the stores where you've already removed Boston Market, and I think there have been some, what have you seen in terms of the shelving and where you sense the consumers are making substitute purchases? Obviously the implication is that, that 2 points may not end up being 2 points because you get your stuff in front of the consumer. The inflation last year -- a separate question on inflation, you said it was 5%, but really to Heinz, it was 1% because of some -- this year, it's 7%, but really, to Heinz, what is it this year?
Scott O'Hara: You want me to start with Boston Market?
Margaret Nollen: Sure.
Scott O'Hara: So the Boston Market distribution -- as we made the decision to exit the relationship has -- you've seen it start to lose distribution over really the last 9 months. And it sort of stabilized where it is today. And then we'll exit that relationship completely on June 30. So until we launch T.G.I. single-serve entrees, the other full-calorie meals were taking that space. And the retailers were making that choice with those other suppliers. Clearly, with T.G.I. Fridays going into that space, there's an opportunity for us to look at the entire area, and we're doing that. So over the past 9 months, not a lot of it came to Heinz because we weren't really competing there other than in our multi-serve, which is typically merchandised in another area. As we bring out our new single-serve product then that may be an opportunity.
Bill Johnson: Yes, I want to clarify that. We are not taking the product off the shelf. We are exiting the license. The retailer is taking the product off the shelf. We are not going in, withdrawing the product from the market. That is the retail decision as we exit the license, somebody else has assumed the license, and we wish them good luck with it. But we are not, we are not forcibly removing the product from the shelf.
Arthur Winkleblack: In terms of the commodity costs, to your point, Bob and his team did a great job in fiscal '11 taking that 5% of market inflation. And really for us the net impact was around 1%. As we look forward in the next year, we're looking at market inflation of around 7%. We hope to beat that a bit. And we'll see how that goes. But I wouldn't expect such a big gap as we look forward as we got in fiscal 11. But we'll keep you posted as that unfolds.
Margaret Nollen: Okay. Rob?
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG: Rob Moskow, Credit Suisse. Two very different questions. The first, really for Bill. This is the most progress I think I have heard about moving away from the country model and into more of a centralized type of management style. You have an overlay of management now in Eastern Europe and also in China. And I wanted to know, do you feel like the organization is responding well to that shift? And how will you keep track about the cultural change there? And then secondly, just kind of tactically, Walmart is probably moving faster and faster towards organic products, environmental sustainability. And I think we brought a lot of their suppliers with them and the relationship you have with Coke sounds like it's right down the heart of that. When you launched this product in first quarter, how are you using that to expand your merchandising with Walmart, and are they embracing it like you probably hoped they would?
Bill Johnson: Let me talk about the transition of the company or the evolution of the company to more of an integrated model. If you caught the 2 comments I made in my opening statement, it was basically about globalization and scale. We are now a global company with a global supply chain. We have global procurement. We are moving talented people, the appointment of Dan Milich in Eastern Europe and Hein Schumacher in China into position, leveraging experiences to do 2 things: one, help the company continue to assimilate and grow in these markets; and 2, to help the individuals continue to grow and develop as they become opportunities for long-term management in the organization. I would say, generally, I was in China, Vietnam and Indonesia recently. I was in Turkey a couple of weeks ago. I'm heading for Europe in a couple of weeks. The way I measure it, I go visit them, and I talk to them and I talk to the people. And I did a town hall meeting with the Foodstar and Baby Food employees in China. I'm doing a town hall meeting in Italy in 2 weeks, 3 weeks. So, I go and I talk to the people. The other thing that my CEO Academy has done much to the chagrin of everybody sitting up here, I bring 3 or 4 times a year 9 mid-level, incredibly promising people to an offsite location, me and them. And I have an HR person there, whose job is fundamentally to facilitate and make sure we stay on time. And we did 2.5 days. What that has done is opened a live pipeline of communication between me and the mid-levels of this Company that is truly extraordinary. And as I said, tends to drive these guys nuts because I will get a heads up on an issue, and I'll go to Art and say, "we've got a problem here." And Art will say, "I have no idea what you are talking about." A day later, Art will come back and say, "You know, we've got an issue here." And so I hear from these people, and what I'm hearing is this is great. They are really welcoming it because in the emerging markets people, like CK Lee or Eman Mammadov [ph] are looking for huge growth opportunities and potential in the company. They know they need the development and training. They want to access the rest of the organization in terms of capabilities and skills and leverage scale, and this greatly facilitates that. So we take Hein out of Europe after he'd been in the United States in a job Kristen Clark now has in strategy, move him to China, he understands what we are trying to do. We take Dan Milich, who had been in London, came back to the States and ran strategy just preceding Kristen and now goes into the Eastern European markets with a great understanding of the Russian environment because he was instrumental in buying the business, and we did the same thing with Fernando Pocaterra, who picks up Brazil, because he was instrumental in getting the deal done. And then we move these people around. And it has created great leverage and opportunity for us, and it has given us a talented mid-level below these guys that I just stack up against anybody. We have 35 to 45-year-old talent in this company, particularly in the emerging markets that is extremely capable. And they're itching for bigger and better opportunities. And we need to develop and train them, which was the comment about the functional expertise program that I've talked about in my opening comments. So it's gone very well. Now, proof is in the pudding, see how we do in terms of our outlook and in terms of delivering on that. I think we have an opportunity to do even better because of the capabilities we're imbuing these markets with, but we'll make better calls. It'll give these guys a chance to focus more strategically on the next generation of where the company goes, while this generation of management really gets in to the day-to-day.
Scott O'Hara: Rob, on the PlantBottle, a couple of things. Number one, obviously, we're working closely with our partner, Coke, on that, and they're building out capacity to produce more of the resin that we need to make the PlantBottle. And they're expanding that within their own product portfolio, as well as us within ours. So we're going to start with one SKU in retail and one SKU in Foodservice. On the Walmart-specific question, it's important to them. Sustainability is important to Walmart. Its also important to many other of our larger customer. So they're all excited about it. It will be one SKU in the range to start. It will grow over time as the raw material has availability. We had a choice to do more SKUs in retail and exclude Foodservice. But we really felt like, strategically, it was important to get into the Foodservice environment. If you think about it, you'd have this great Heinz ketchup bottle on all of these restaurant tables, creating all of these impressions, communicating the PlantBottle story. And so it's going to create a lot of awareness. Coke is excited about that exposure that we can provide. And so that's the plan, ultimately though, it will grow over time. And the trade has been great. They really love it. It ties into the things they're doing. And quite frankly, the things that we're doing and Coke is doing. But beyond that we've got the mineral tray for Smart Ones, where we have breakthrough technology. We've got lots of opportunities in sustainability. We set out specific goals about 3 or 4 years ago. We're among the first to set them out. We're surpassing all of them. We've got a lot of activity going on sustainability, and in the whole area of organic in terms of the way it relates to greenhouse gas emissions and water and so forth. I mean, one of the things we do is we try to measure water. We try to measure utility usage, we measure waste. We measure all this stuff at the plant level around the Company. And we have made enormous progress. In fact, I would stack us up against anybody. Mike Milone leads this initiative for us globally. It has been an extraordinary success, something the Board is very excited about. This morning, for example, on our Micronutrient Campaign, Lucy Liu was on -- who represents us was on -- I guess she was on the Fox News this morning. And she's been on Good Morning America. And just last night, she did something very unique, which I won't -- we'll show you later -- I don't think we'll show you today, but we'll show you later with -- I guess it was Crosby and Nash on the Fallon show. The Fallon show has been very good to us. You saw the Bagel Bite spot, Meat Loaf, apparently, loves Bagel Bites. So we'll send him a supply just to keep him excited about the business, so...
Michael Milone: If I could, one other comment on sustainability. A lot of the stuff that we're doing may not be obvious. For example, that package in front of you, it's not just the package, it's also what's in it. We have a very extensive seed program that develops our own proprietary seeds that are highly water efficient, high-yielding, and it makes a very large impact that our customers are well aware of.
Margaret Nollen: All right. Andrew?
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: Bill, 2 questions, one with respect to the earnings growth rate, the long term growth rate going to 7% to 10%, whats the underlying rate of organic top line growth embedded in that? In other words, is the increase in long term earnings growth driven by now a higher level of expected organic sales growth? And then the second one would be, the industry, as well as Heinz, has moved away over the last 5, 10 years from a lot of the big bang kind of restructuring charges to more of the metering it through and absorbing in the P&L. You've gone away from that with this more recent productivity measure. But my sense is there's a lot behind that. And Id love your perspective on it. Is it just the new normal or a new reality around where we're at? And we need to kind of ramp up and accelerate cost saves? I'm sure there's perspective that would be helpful to get behind that thinking.
Bill Johnson: Well, let me take the second one first. We tend to lead things. We tend to get beaten up a bit for leading them, and then eventually everybody else follows. And if you go back to emerging markets, emerging markets, the question from everybody, why in the world would you go into Indonesia, why China or why India? 20%-plus of our sales next year. And I want to make that clear, it is 20% plus of our sales in this year. And I'll get to the organic sales underlying the earnings. So my own view is that all you have to do is look around the sales around the globe, particularly in developed markets to understand what's supporting that sales growth. Demand looks for capacity, capacity looks for demand. We, as a company -- I wont speak for the industry, we, as a company, think we can do more productivity. We can do better. We can supply the needs of our customers without the capacity we have, and rather than extend this over 3 or 4 years like we have been doing over the past couple of years, we've been taking a factory or 2 out every year. Felt the opportunity was now to make a quantum leap in productivity by freeing up the capacity that we don't need and moving it into other areas. The second thing that you are seeing, the world is shifting. And I sort of sit back and I reflect on this. I have been in this job a long time, and I have made more than my fair share of mistakes. But the one thing that I think we have seen very well is this shift that's occurring from the developed world to the developing world. Now we can all fight it. We can all resist it. We can all say you can't ignore the developed world, which obviously, we're not. But the reality is, our resources are still very concentric with the developed world. We've got to begin shifting those resources. And part of what we're not able to talk to you about today is the ultimate production of some of these products that will be moved into places that I think give us more efficient long-term benefits. One of the things Chris mentioned quickly in his comments was Qingdao. Qingdao in China, where we have put along with Indonesia, capacity in to produce McDonald's products for 13 or 14 markets. That's the model going forward, particularly on a regional basis. And we just felt there was a time for a quantum leap move. The second thing is, obviously, the step change we are making in Europe with the centralization of the supply chain into our markets in Zeist, Netherlands, which we're doing for a couple of reasons. The primary reason, it's much more efficient. And we have a big overhead structure in Zeist that can accommodate this, along with the opening of our R&D facility. Now let me come back to the underlying sales algorithm using Art's term, one he's absolutely beaten into me over the years, and I now love the word algorithm. In fact, I said to my children a couple of weeks ago, my daughter told us she was getting married, and we'd have our second grandchild. And I said to my daughter again last night, "What is your algorithm for grandchildren?" and between the looks I got from my wife and the looks I got from my daughter, algorithm was probably not an appropriate use of the term in that regard. I think right now you should assume 4%-plus constant-currency growth underwritten by 3 to 4 points of very solid organic growth and an opportunistic M&A. Let me tell you how we get there. If we're going to emerging markets of 15% better or better than that, and I will tell you that if we do only 15% this year, I'll be disappointed in the emerging markets. And thats 20%-plus of our business, you're getting 3 points of organic growth out of the emerging markets. If, in fact, Dave does 2 to 3 points of volume, as he said, and 2 to 4 points of net sales, and Scott does the 1% to 2%, we are well over the 3% to 4% organic growth. Now we can debate all day long about will Scott do 1% to 2%, will Dave do 2% to 3%, but the reality is given the increased importance of emerging markets, given the innovation pipeline that the company has, we feel pretty good about 3% to 4%, plus a point of M&A. In regards to M&A, I've said this at CAGNY, I think we've born this out with Foodstar and Quero, we are still looking at opportunities as long as my arm. I mean, we are literally in the process of trying to put them in order of priority in terms of the opportunities that are being brought to us, non-auctioned processes, just because of entrepreneurs seeing the way we operate these businesses on a local market basis. And we are literally ferreting through a number. We've got a couple of small ones that I would expect to be done over the next 6 months or so, relatively small, but important in terms of market development and opportunities that they will create for us long term. So 4%-plus constant-currency growth, underwritten 3 to 4 points of organic growth, 1 point ad-hoc, opportunistic on M&A, and 7 to 8 this year, obviously, because of the M&A.
Margaret Nollen: For the M&A.
Arthur Winkleblack: Andrew one final thought on the why now in terms of the productivity initiatives, the other thing we wanted to not do was as we roll out Keystone, Id rather not spend the money to put Keystone into plants that we don't want long-term. And so to the extent we can simplify and streamline the footprint now, that will help us in terms of the Keystone process going forward.
Margaret Nollen: Bryan?
Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch: All right. Just a follow up on Andrew's question. In terms of the long-term growth algorithm, especially since it's going up on EPS as well, are you expecting that the contribution to operating profit, to earnings from developing markets to accelerate over that time period, is that part of the logic between to raising the long-term earnings?
Bill Johnson: Absolutely, I mean, this year, operating profit from the emerging markets outpaced that from the developed markets. So, over time, as our investments start paying off and as the capital gets in, allows us to automate and improve efficiencies in those market, drive returns, and as our marketing continues to drive growth, we are absolutely expecting profit growth out of the emerging markets to outpace those of the developed markets. But we're also getting a lot of the productivity benefits from Keystone and some of the initiatives that we'll outline more fully over the coming months in the developed markets. But absolutely, we're looking for disproportionate -- and I said it in my comments, disproportionate sales and profit growth from the emerging markets.
Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch: How much did it contribute to the growth this year?
Bill Johnson: Operating income, cutting through everything in emerging markets grew between 8% and 10%. And we've said 8% as a base, but it grew between 8% and 10%. Well, the company's operating income was up about 7% on a constant-currency basis, give or take, so you can see the benefits we're getting out of emerging markets relative to the developed markets. And part of that, as you saw, what Scott is doing, you saw what Dave is doing, but you also saw that the impact we're getting on Australia and New Zealand where we've been down a bit, so I think generally, the outlook is guided greatly by our success in emerging markets. I have to tell all of you and again, I know you get tired of hearing from me, and I've been preaching some of this on for 14 years. Don't underestimate these emerging markets. And I still think it's being underestimated by a lot of the market. And if you look at one of the things we have done choicefully that, I think, differentiates us from everybody else, we are almost equally spread among the 5 BRIC markets and Indonesia. We have not made one huge bet in any of these individual markets purposefully. And while everyone may be chasing Russia or China or India, we're chasing them all because the opportunities in these markets are significant. And like anything else in life, we're going to be right in many of them. We'll be wrong occasionally in one of them. And so we want to diversify and spread our bets. But I will tell you that over time, we've got the 30% algorithm over the next 5 years. We'll be every bit of that. And emerging markets are the growth, I mean, I tell my children to tell their children that I got news for Americans. While the United States will be the best economy in the world for as long as I'm around, the reality is, as Mike showed you, over the next 30 or 40 years, 5 or 6 of the top 8 economies in the world are going to be in these markets. We're there with management, infrastructure, brands, productivity, and capabilities, and it always sort of -- I get -- I talk to my wife about this all the time, who asks the same thing, "why are we going to all these markets?" And she didn't go with me to Vietnam and Indonesia because she said, "Gee, thats too far." But that's where the future is. It's a sad state of affairs as an American, but it is a great state of affairs as a head of a multinational company. And when I go to these markets, I don't talk as an American. I talk about the head of the H.J. Heinz Company, and I remind all these people, "Look what H.J. did. He went bankrupt in the United States, went to the U.K. and restarted his company. And that was 140 years ago, its pretty amazing." And so I dont go talk about what the U.S. government requires, I talk about how we run the H.J. Heinz Company. And that really plays. I tell our North American team, I just told them this in a meeting that Meg sat through and Scott knows. They asked me what the big difference was between being part of the American company, and being part of the emerging markets. If you look at our employee ratings, our pride levels in the emerging markets being part of the Heinz Company, 99% off the charts, in terms of wanting to learn and grow with this Company, off the charts. In terms of seeing a future for themselves and their families, in terms of creating a difference, off the charts. It is so much fun to go to these markets and watch the faces in the audience as I speak to them and watch them individually how they react to the legacy of H.J. And outside the U.S., the legacy of H.J. is everything, and we sell it hard. In the U.S., we are a cynical country. But it is -- you just can't underestimate the impact, you really can't.
Margaret Nollen: Okay, Alexia?
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: Two quick questions. First of all, on the U.S. supply chain. It seems as though a lot of the growth in the market now is coming through smaller-box retailers, and that the retail environment is changing over here. Is that impacting the way that you're thinking about the supply chain over here and how is that affecting you?
Scott O'Hara: Yes, Alexia, the first -- I have mentioned in my presentation, we're underdeveloped in that channel. So the first thing we need to do is sell something, right? And then we'll work through the supply chain implications. But in all fairness, we really don't have a big business there today. We think it's a massive opportunity. There is no question that those -- that that channel and a number of those retailers are doing exceptionally well. We have some presence in them today, but it's typically with our core range that would be in any other retailer, and what we've found is we benchmarked ourselves against other companies that we believe are doing better in those channels is they've tailored their offering to that channel. And there are some supply chain implications of that for sure. And we'll balance that additional complexity with the opportunity. But the first thing we need to do is actually create some critical mass in that channel, which we're very focused on for fiscal 12.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: Then just real quickly, you've mentioned an appetite for acquisitions. How do you think about the criteria of what you're looking for? And about the pace in managing the risks associated with that, just in terms of how many you can digest in what period of time?
Bill Johnson: Well, it depends on where they are geographically, and what -- how they fit with our business and whether we have management capability on the ground. But certainly the priority is the emerging markets. But I also want to be clear, we're not opposed to making a developed market acquisition, we just havent seen any. And we certainly havent seen any that would give returns to our shareholders that would be acceptable to them. So I think that the prices and the costs in the developed markets, because of the size of the businesses are one. And I think, most of the industry has not yet recognized that their portfolios may not be consistent with their aspirations. I'll let you draw your own conclusions on who Im referring to. I think the other thing, Alexia, is we try to spread these as best we can. We did Foodstar in November. We did Quero in April, and a lot of the negotiating team is the same team, and so we try to spread the big ones. Now in a smaller one, we let the local teams pretty much handle that. But were looking for things that create value over time. Now, I mean, Im really excited about Foodstar, 6 months into it, were doing well, but its still early. Quero Im really enthused about. But were 2 months into it, and its still early, and as Mike can tell you, I wear a path to his door every day, asking how were doing, and he said you just asked me that at 5 oclock last night, and I had lunch with the partner -- the seller, the CEO, and his wife 2 weeks ago. And hes very enthused about being part of the Heinz company, he still owns a big piece of it. But we will spread these out in terms of the capabilities we have. Now putting Dan Milich in Europe, we've added a resource in Asia, we've added resources in the U.S. in terms of the way we look at it. So we're adding resources because the opportunities right now frankly are stretching our capabilities, but we're not going to do anything that breaks us. So we'll continue to parse these as carefully as we can, as selectively as we can, and I've got to tell you that the line I'm looking at, as I said as long as my arm, are all in emerging markets. I don't think there's a single exception.
Michael Milone: If I can add on risk, we have a lot of debates about it internally, there's a difference between informed and calculated risks and risks. There's a strong argument that could be made inaction or not taking some risks will be more risky than taking a perceived risk as well.
Bill Johnson: Interestingly Mike runs our risk management program in the company, too. So coming from him, I'm glad -- I wish -- did we tape that?
Margaret Nollen: Vincent, go ahead.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Bill, this is the first packaged food presentation I've seen with the -- I guess, back in the CIVETS in it. And so I just want to ask on EM, how you are thinking about balancing, going further into the markets that you are already in, in EMs versus maybe trying to establish some positions in these other markets where according to this chart you are not very well established and maybe there's a difference in valuations in these new markets or not, but how are you broadly thinking about that?
Bill Johnson: Well, going back to Alexia's question, we look for opportunities and we try to balance them. We have a very good business in South Africa with a partnership with Pioneer Foods. We have a very good business in Egypt, which is again, I've said to certainly a number of you that we think is a huge opportunity for supplying tomato paste long term. It's the only place in the world you grow the tomato crop 2 times in a year. And we've got a very good business there. We've got our Egyptian partner last year, it's growing and we feel very good about it. It's still relatively small, and no, we weren't terribly affected by the problems in Egypt. And as we look, I've been in Vietnam. Vietnam is a real opportunity, but it also worries me. And the dong has done nothing but depreciate. The government is still quite working through how it manifests itself in terms of working with business, but we're looking at opportunities there. We're looking at opportunities in Turkey and I just came back from Turkey as I said, and we continue to explore opportunities. What we tend to do and we've done in Vietnam and in Turkey, weve opened small offices there, and we've put -- what do we have, 4 or 5 people on the ground in Vietnam. Were going to have 4 or 5 people in the ground in Turkey. They start building out distribution, they start building out the introduction of the Heinz brand, and if we see something that can create additional infrastructure or give us an accelerated pace of growth, then we move into those markets in a bigger way. Its what we did in Brazil. You saw in Mikes comment about how much weve grown the Heinz brand there off a very small base. So we tend, as I said in my opening comments, to be very assiduous in learning and understanding these markets before jumping in. Now, Id love to get bigger in Indonesia. Id love to see us bigger in China. Id love to see us get bigger in Brazil. Id love to see us get bigger in Russia, but we balance all this stuff with the opportunities how they mesh with terms of creating value for the shareholders and how we can manage them, but we're aggressively looking at all the existing markets we're in, plus as we open offices and put teams in these new markets, we'll penetrate those, try to understand the retail and food service trade and to make decisions based on that. And a lot of it depends on what we can leverage. I mean Quero in Brazil is a prime example and what we've been looking in Brazil for a long time and this partnership sort of evolved out of an understanding between Fernando Pocaterra and the individual who sold us the company, and thats the way we tend to do these things. So, as I said we have a line of opportunities. The Office of the Chairman debates these opportunities. Were looking for more additional businesses. Id like to get bigger in Poland. Id like to see us get a little bit bigger in Latin America. Id love to figure out a way eventually to get into Colombia. Colombia is a rapidly growing market in Latin America, but we talk about this stuff, but trust me were going to be extremely prudent, as Mike said, in terms of the way we go about this, but the priority is to look for opportunities that create value.
Margaret Nollen: David?
Unknown Analyst - : I want to follow up on some of the margin questions. So, when you said that you expected equilibration in the margins over the course of time, were you referring to the gross margins or the operating margins? And as a related question, total company segment margins are about 17.5%, the Asia Pac margins are about 9.5%. There is an enormous differential here between these. In this higher algorithm that you've given, this 8% -- 7% to 10% EPS growth, what is the expectation particularly of that Asia-Pac operating margin over the course of time within the next 5 years, give or take?
Bill Johnson: It will grow. And you've got to remember, in Asia-Pac, we've launched formula in China. We are spending a great deal of money to try to get formulas ceded. So, we made a conscious decision that we would forego operating profit, gross margins are still very good, in order to invest back in the growth opportunity, and it's all factored into the numbers you've seen this year into our outlook going forward. But again, back to Mike's point, we have a couple of markets that are every bit the 17% and the debate we have is very different than the debate and the questions you ask me, the debate we have is led usually by Art interestingly enough, is are we pulling too much money out of these markets, are we not capitalizing on the growth, and by the way, if the Board has any pushback with us that's the question they ask. Gee, it's great you want to be 15%, 16% operating margins in these markets, but are we making moves too soon? Are we not investing aggressively enough because they recognize that's where the growth is coming long term also? So, I think over time the margins will equilibrate. Now what time period that's going to be; 5, 10 years? Time will tell, but I think you've got those in Russia. I have been very clear. I said it earlier, we've made a conscious decision. We are going to be number one in ketchup, period. We missed Japan in the '70s and '80s. We are not going to miss Russia. If that means we take a smaller operating margin out of Russia to drive disproportionate growth and establish an impenetrable share position, we'll do it. But all thats factored in. When you run a portfolio of businesses, not every business will play the same. I used to watch football practices my whole life and it's really interesting when you look at sports teams, all you have to do is look at the Miami Heat, if you watch NBA basketball, I mean, you leverage the great players and everybody else supports those great players, Dallas Mavericks, Dirk Nowitzki, Nowitzki is doing -- I mean, hes playing unbelievably well. Two games ago he had terrible game and they got beat. And you surround yourself with a portfolio and you manage against that portfolio as we have done I think pretty darn well, and I think in that context, David, we'll continue to manage it the way we think we can get the most value long-term. The other thing I'll remind all of you and I tell this to investors when Im out with them all the time, I dont run this business quarter-to-quarter. Now I know you want me to, but I dont, and Ive been here almost 14 years now in this job, and I dont run it quarter-to-quarter, and had I run it quarter-to-quarter, we wouldn't have been in Indonesia, we wouldn't have been in India, we wouldn't have been in China, we certainly wouldn't have gone into Brazil, because I can tell you right now, Brazil and Foodstar are going to effect the first quarter. Were just ramping these businesses up, theyre going to dilute the first quarter; they have to, as we'd ramp up marketing and try to get our management team in place. So I run this business over 5 year periods, which is why I gave you the history over the last 15 years, and looking forward over 5 years. And if you look at the last 5 years, we grew EPS at better than 8%, we grew the top line organically at 4%. We grew ROIC despite all these investments close to 500 basis points, and we improved gross margins, and we drove cash flow, even at the levels this year. I apologized to the Board a couple of weeks ago, I said, our cash flow is going to be about $1.2 billion, but frankly it always comes on higher than I say, so expect a bigger number, and it does, I mean, we just drive enormous cash. These guys and their teams are doing incredible job. So we'll continue to balance all this against the best way we think long-term to create value for our shareholders, and frankly our employees.
Unknown Analyst - : Can I just sneak one more in?
Bill Johnson: Obviously.
Unknown Analyst - : It's a related question to the margin question and you started to answer it, but marketing spending for the company as a percent of net sales, even with an FY '12 growth of high single digits to the budget will still put it around approximately 4% of net sales, the industry leaders within U.S. packaged foods are double that number, your growth opportunities are undeniable in the emerging markets, so sometimes when I step back and think about it, the percentage seems kind of backwards to me, it almost feels as if you guys should be spending much more than the peer group because you have these opportunities in the emerging markets.
Bill Johnson: Now which one of your guys talked to him? That's -- we have this debate all the time, and again it's a balance. I mean, I could spend a lot on marketing. To quote Herman Cain's comment a couple weeks ago about how the politicians in D.C. are working out. I think his question was, how is that working out for you? How is the marketing spend working out for some others? We balance it against the opportunities we see in the businesses. I mean, we could quadruple spending in some of these businesses, but because we're 97% penetrated, we're not going to see a huge lift that gets us a return, and that's why we are very enthused about things like Dip & Squeeze. I don't know how many of you caught Scott's comment on the research we've done, 60% incremental, 60%. We're going to sell 10 of those things for $1.99, that's $0.20 a piece for one of those little Dip & Squeeze pouches, and I'll bet you, we sell a bunch of it at retail, and we won't have to spend a whole heck of a lot of marketing beyond what we're doing on Facebook and on YouTube, and so there are ways to go about this. I mean, most of you have heard my comments about marketing spend over my entire career, and I'm a marketing guy, and I think, I could easily double the spending on this business, I won't give you a return on it, and so we're trying to parse it out as carefully as we can. Dave showed you we're up significantly in the U.K. because we've got plans now that are giving us a return. We are up significantly in the emerging markets, because it seems to be every dollar we spend, we get 2 back. I mean, it really is, gives us a great return in a short period of time, so I dont look at the percentage. I look at the growth, and I will remind you there is one other company in the industry that spends lower than we do thats done pretty darn well over the last 4 or 5 years in terms of shareholder returns and in creating value, and so I dont -- I just dont look at that number. I am more concerned about are we supporting these businesses. Now there is not a single guy up here that wouldn't tell you, he'd like more marketing. But you also have to recognize in the developed markets, you've got a trade off. We're investing close to 30% of sales in many of these markets between D&A, marketing, and some other things we do from innovation. We've substantially ramped up R&D with the opening of the innovation center in Nijmegen in Europe. That is a huge ramp up in R&D. I dont know how many of you caught my comments. We're looking at an R&D center in Asia. Over the next 4 years, I assure you we will open an R&D center at some point in Asia for a lot of reasons. One, enormous talent, two, enormous growth, and three, the need to be on the ground there and develop for the future, so its a combination of a lot of factors, and frankly, I think looking at strictly a percentage of marketing, as a percentage of sales is probably not deep enough in terms of understanding what we're doing. But its a valid point. I mean, we have this debate all the time. Should we spend more, we're trying to increase it as best we can in the context of the balance between creating value and driving long term growth.
Margaret Nollen: We've only got time for couple more. Eric? Pass it back, David. Thanks.
Bill Johnson: I cant see that far.
Unknown Analyst - : It's still me.
Margaret Nollen: I couldn't neither at first. I need my magnifier.
Unknown Analyst - : Okay. I guess 2 questions. One is, I was kind of surprised that given the inflation and your desire to take pricing that in the U.S. and Europe, your both segments are looking for gross margin expansion. During the last wave of inflation most of the companies showed gross margin declines and at best was flat. So I am wondering how does that gross margin expansion jive with retailers' views of pricing? Like why wouldn't they be like, 'why are you taking pricing if you are actually going to be showing gross margin expansion?'
Bill Johnson: For us on gross margins, we have grown gross margins, and there is a big difference now between 2008 and today. 2008 was the last period of huge inflation and last the time the industry took pricing, and I will tell you the trade was far more receptive in 2008 than they are now, generally. Youve got other things working for you now. Youve got at least ostensibly growing employment, although the report today I dont know if you've seen it came out in the U.S., it was not good. Youve got a better economy, growing financial markets, youve got from a consumer standpoint consumers at least willing to sample or to buy proven products, and weve seen that. We have not seen the elasticity issues yet that others have, but its still early. My view is that when you have 60%, 70% market share, you should have the capability of taking price, and we have underpriced relative to commodity costs over the last few years and I think its an opportunity. There is no doubt we get pushed back. Dave is getting enormous pushback now. Scott is getting pushback. We have to do whats right long term for our business and I'll give you an example. One of the things that you saw is our top 15 brands growing at about 4 points of organic growth, but the Company didn't grow at 4 points of organic growth; thats because weve taken price in a few areas and lost distribution, Sonnen Bassermann in Germany is one. Were trying to pick it back up. We have tuna in Australia where we took price. Coles delisted us. We're trying to get it back. So weve got some of these issues, we're balancing, but fundamentally in our strong brands, weve been fairly successful in the ability to get price through and if we dont try to grow margins, how are we going to support -- back to Davids question -- the marketing spend that we need to drive the growth in these businesses?
Arthur Winkleblack: Yes, Eric, let me add on that, that we're trying to price to cover the commodity inflation. So were not really pricing ahead of commodity inflation. What were using is, through Bobs group, the very, very strong productivity to then try to drive the gross margins up. So if you can basically cover the commodity inflation with pricing and then you can make your aggressive productivity on top of that, thats how ultimately you end up growing gross margins.
Unknown Analyst - : Then a follow-up maybe on the productivity. Youve raised your target, but what I wasn't clear about is the Project Keystone and the expansion of SAP linked to that productivity ramp-up? And if it isn't, Im just kind of wondering about the returns on Project Keystone. It looks like you are spending an extra $0.08 this coming year and then its going to be a run-rate I guess on $0.16 in fiscal 2013. So what kind of -- most of the companies that have rolled out SAP in the industry have benefited significantly from them. What does that mean and is that part of the 7 to 10 change on the bottom-line?
Arthur Winkleblack: Sure. I mean over time Keystone will be a key enabler to all that we do frankly. I mean its just how a great business is run. Now to your point there is some additional spending that weve got to do here as we get the system rolled out more fully and it will be a while until we get to breakeven, but over the long-term, Keystone is a critical enabler and a key foundational piece to increasing both productivity and ultimately then the EPS growth target to the 7 to 10.
Bill Johnson: Yes, and I think the thing you have to keep in mind is from a procurement standpoint, certainly in indirect, we've got it rolled out across two-thirds of the company already, and we're getting big benefits out of that, and the other big benefit in productivity is going to be from the value engineering. We will get returns from Keystone later on. As Art said, we cross the line in about fiscal '15 give or take. Fiscal '15 sounds like a pretty good year for me to sort of cross the lines with Keystone. I think the other thing you got to keep in mind regardless of the kinds of returns we get on SAP, we don't have a choice. We don't have a global ERP system. We're operating with individual ERP systems. Now some of you can say, 'well gee, you are behind the industry,' and I'd say, 'yeah.' The other side of that is we're behind the industry and look how well we've performed without doing what the rest of the industry is already banking into their outlook. So, I feel pretty good about where we're going. As Art can tell you, Art and I are the longest running tandem CEO-CFO in this industry by a long ways. Art and I agree on 99.9% of everything. The one thing as Art can tell you, he has scars on his back from is Keystone. And I am a CEO, I hate systems projects. I hate systems. I can barely turn my iPad on, and in fact we've got the Board on iPads now. Just we've got everybody on iPads, now I will tell you this has been a real experience. If any of you are on Boards that want to shift to iPads argue vigorously to stay with paper, and so we are, but we're not going to see returns on those for another 3 or so years and then we will get incremental returns that hopefully will allow Bob and us to keep maintain that productivity outlook going forward, so we're not getting much benefit over the next three years, Eric.
Margaret Nollen: Guys, I apologize. We are out of time. So with that, I think we'll thank everyone for listening in today and cut off the webcast. I do want to thank the entire IR team who has worked very hard to make this event possible today, so for those of you who dont know Mary Ann Bell, Jessica Hollern, Jeff Strine, and Kelly, so thank you so much and have a great day.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-03-03 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Margaret Nollen - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, Global Program Management Officer and Office of the Chairman Karen Alber -  Arthur Winkleblack - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Bill Johnson - Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of Executive Committee Edward McMenamin - Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President of Finance
Analysts: Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc. Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Terry Bivens - JP Morgan Chase & Co Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG Eric Serotta - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc
Operator: Good morning. My name is Chanel, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I'd like to welcome everyone to the H.J. Heinz Company Fiscal Year 2011 Third Quarter Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] I'd now like to turn the call over to Meg Nollen, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Ms. Nollen, you may begin the conference.
Margaret Nollen: Thank you, Chanel. Good morning, everyone. I'd like to welcome you to our conference call and webcast. Copies of the slide used in today's presentation are available on our website at heinz.com. Joining me on today's call are Bill Johnson, Chairman, President and CEO of H.J. Heinz; Art Winkleblack, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Ed McMenamin, Senior Vice President, Finance. Before we begin with our prepared remarks, please refer to the forward-looking statement currently displayed. This is also available in this morning's earnings release and in our most recent SEC filings. To summarize, during our presentation, we may make forward-looking statements about our business that are intended to assist you in understanding the company and its results. We ask you to refer to our April 28, 2010, Form 10-K, as well as today's press release, which lists some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in these statements. Heinz undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by securities laws. We may also use non-GAAP financial measures in our presentation, if the company believes such measures allow for consistent period-to-period comparison of the business. The most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures are available on the company's earnings release and on our website at heinz.com. Please note, we plan to file our third quarter 10-Q this afternoon. Our related financial highlights pages or set pages, including P&L, will become available with the filing of the 10-Q this afternoon. These will be posted on the Investor Relations section of heinz.com towards the bottom of the page. Now on to today's call. Bill will discuss our exciting Brazilian acquisition, and Art will overview our category, regional, segment performances; and Ed will review our third quarter and year-to-date financial scorecards. We've got about 30 minutes of prepared remarks, and then we'll use the remainder of the hour to take your questions. We'd like to request that you limit your questions during Q&A just to one in order to ensure adequate time for all who wish to participate and to ensure we end the call timely today. Now with the formalities out of the way, let me turn the call over to Bill Johnson. Bill?
Bill Johnson: Thanks, Meg, and good morning, everyone. Art and Ed, per our usual Q3 process, are going to discuss the company's strong third quarter results and then take your questions. But first, I'm pleased to announce a significant transaction that will greatly accelerate our growth in Emerging Markets and in Latin America, in particular. Heinz, as you all have noted in our press release this morning, has agreed to acquire an 80% stake in Brazilian food processor, Coniexpress S.A. Industrias Alimenticias and its Quero brand. Quero is a strong, rapidly growing brand with number one, and the number two positions in numerous tomato-based categories in Brazil and the leading position in vegetables. The brand aligns perfectly with our global portfolio and our core categories, and is already a leader in small, independent stores and shops throughout Brazil. With annual sales of approximately $325 million, Quero will provide Heinz with a tremendous growth platform in Brazil, the world's fifth most populous country with 200 million consumers.  We have established a short-term goal of around $500 million in sales through organic growth in the complementary launch of Heinz branded products, which we'll be speaking more about in May. Heinz has been assessing potential opportunities in Brazil for some time, and we are very pleased with the process that resulted in our tie-up with Quero. We expect to build on Quero's already impressive results by leveraging our experience with the modern trade, while also accelerating innovation and marketing to improve the brand sales and distribution. We're also planning to leverage our technical expertise in tomato processing in our Global Supply Chain to achieve synergies. The business will provide an excellent platform to expand sales and distribution of Heinz-branded product across Brazil, some of which will be produced locally for the South American market. Importantly, this pending acquisition gives us instant infrastructure in Central Brazil with a modern factory, a fully automated distribution center, and nearly 1,800 employees. Brazil, as I said, has been on our priority list for some time because of its size, attractive economic growth, large number of middle class consumers and strong growth prospects. As a reminder, Brazil generates almost 45% of Latin America's GDP. The transaction makes Heinz one of a select few CPG companies with meaningful businesses in the BRIC markets in Brazil, Russia, India and China, as well as Indonesia and probably, the only one of our size. The addition of Quero puts our Emerging Markets on track to generate more than 20% of total company sales in fiscal 2010, up from under 10% just a few years ago, and well ahead of the schedule I outlined at CAGNY last year. We expect to close this acquisition within the next few months. We also expect it to be modestly diluted in fiscal 2012 from an earnings standpoint, reflecting our plan to invest in marketing and improve capabilities, but also expect it to be accretive to earnings starting in fiscal 2013.  The acquisition will be essentially funded with cash on hand. I also want to point out that consistent with our strategy, this transaction resulted from a relationship endeavor and was not part of an auction process. Overall, this transaction is a major growth step under our Emerging Markets strategy. It is also another great example of our successful buy and built approach, which has delivered great results and dynamic growth in India, Indonesia and Russia. So with that brief overview of Quero until Q&A, I'll turn the call over to Art.
Arthur Winkleblack: Great. Thanks, Bill, and good morning, everyone. Before getting started, I'd just like to add how excited we all are to be establishing a strong beachhead in a strategically important country like Brazil. We're very pleased to have the deal signed. Now let's turn to our third quarter results. For the quarter, we delivered continued strong organic sales from our trio of key growth vehicles: The Emerging Markets, our Top 15 brands and Global Ketchup. Expanded gross margins, off a very strong base last year, delivered solid profit growth with EPS of $0.84 and continued our great momentum in driving cash flow. Now many of you will recall that last year's third quarter was a high watermark in several respects, and included terrific results from the launch of the It Has To Be Heinz campaign in the U.K. and the return of ketchup promotions in the U.S. Despite this tough comparison, we performed very well with constant currency sales up nearly 3%, operating income up 2%, and EPS up almost 4%. Our organic sales increase of 1.7% was again powered by Emerging Markets, which posted 14% organic growth in Q3. And if you tack on the impact of our recent Foodstar acquisition in China, constant currency sales in Emerging Markets were up 22% for the quarter. Organic sales in Developed Markets were relatively flat, with solid increases in North American Consumer Products and Global Ketchup, being offset by decreased soup sales in Europe, trade issues in Australia, and a modest decrease in U.S. Foodservice. Looking at the trend line, I'm pleased to report that we have now posted 23 consecutive quarters of organic sales growth, a testament to our strong sales brands and Emerging Markets strategy. Speaking of strong brands, our Top 15 brands represent about 70% of sales in the third quarter and again, led our organic growth up nearly 4%. Importantly, as we look forward, we fully expect the Master brand from Foodstar in China and the Quero brand in Brazil to join this Top 15 list in the near term. Turning to our core categories on a constant-currency basis, Infant/Nutrition set the standard for growth in the quarter, up nearly 9% driven by strong performances in India, Latin America and China. Ketchup and Sauces, sales grew more than 6%, driven by a solid ketchup growth in many parts of the globe. Growth in this category was also driven by Classico pasta sauce in North America and several new Asian sauces in Indonesia. Additionally, the Foodstar acquisition contributed 2.7 points to this growth. Meals and Snacks posted growth in frozen entres and potatoes, as well as in Beanz, but was offset by lower European soup sales. But keep in mind that U.K. soup sales grew organically almost 8% last year, powered by cold weather and the launch of "It Has to Be Heinz" campaign. As expected, and in line with our corporate strategy, Emerging Markets has been the single biggest driver of sales growth this year, as they have over our recent history. With this growth, Emerging Markets represent about 16% of our year-to-date sales, despite the devaluation in Venezuela near the end of last fiscal year. And again, we expect this mix to increase significantly as a result of our recent acquisitions. With Quero and Foodstar next year, Emerging Markets should push past 20% of total sales. Obviously, our focus today is on Quero but let's not forget our other recent acquisition, Foodstar in China. Foodstar is a leading manufacturer of premium soy sauce from bean curd in southern China. And now just in case coverage in the South doesn't sound like much, keep in mind that Guandong and Fujian have more than 125 million people. For perspective, that's nearly twice the number of people in U.K., and as we push into Zhejiang, we will be making our great products available to another 50 million people. We closed the Foodstar deal on November 2, and have begun investing in marketing, manufacturing and new capabilities to drive growth. And the great news is that Foodstar is off to a strong start. In fact, we're off to such a strong start that capacity is an issue. As a result, we've accelerated the completion of Foodstar's Shanghai factory to catch up with demand, and as I mentioned, extend our reach into the neighboring Zhejiang province. Importantly, Foodstar joins a very fast growth category of businesses that we already have in China. The combination of all our existing Chinese businesses posted nearly 30% organic growth in Q3. And moving south from China, our business in India posted great growth for the quarter as well, also up nearly 30% on an organic basis. This performance was driven by our rapidly growing nutritional beverages, including the extension of our Complan brand into milks for very young children. Now going back north, Russia posted 16% organic sales growth, as our Ketchup and Baby Food businesses continued to outpace their categories, and expand their already market-leading shares. Finally, Indonesia generated another strong quarter in Q3 with organic growth of 13%. ABC has delivered a good year of new product development and sound performance with the base sauce and Beverage businesses. Now let's shift gears to our flagship, the Global Ketchup business. Organic sales growth for the quarter was 3%, and is nearly 5% on a year-to-date basis. Remember that in the third quarter, we lapped the return of ketchup promotions in the U.S. last year, so it's a bit of a tougher comp this quarter. As we look forward, we will continue working to increase penetration and buy rate to further expand sales of the world's favorite ketchup. And for those of you who missed the Bill Johnson and Muhtar Kent's announcement last week, we're launching a new, more sustainable Heinz Ketchup bottle, using proprietary plant bottle packaging developed by Coca-Cola. It's a great innovation that will both appeal to consumers and help improve the environment.  The plant bottle is made from 30% plant-based materials, is fully recyclable and will enable us to substantially reduce greenhouse gas emissions. Starting this spring, we plan to ship 120 million ketchup bottles annually using this technology. And we look forward to exploring other areas of potential collaboration with Coca-Cola. Last week, we also announced that Chick-fil-A is the first national chain to offer Dip & Squeeze at its more than 1,500 locations. We're very excited about partnering with this leader in quality and customer service and early consumer feedback has been terrific.  Tomorrow is Free FryDay, that's spelled F-R-Y-Day at Chick-fil-A restaurants for those of you who asked for Dip & Squeeze from 2 to 4 p.m. We encourage you to check it out. And stay tuned for more news on Dip & Squeeze, including a retail launch coming this summer. Now let's take a quick spin around our geographic cycles. We'll start with North American Consumer Products. Constant currency sales growth to 2% is driven by nearly 4% volume increase, reflecting strong growth across our five core U.S. brands, which was only partially offset by lower sales across the market.  Importantly, the sales growth resulted in strong market share performance across most of our categories. Net pricing declined by 1.7%, which was driven by our Consumer Value Program. This program included the shift to marketing funds to trade and consumer promotions during the quarter. But remember, we'll be lapping the full CVP implementation in the fourth quarter. NACP profit results were excellent, as higher volume, better mix and productivity improvements more than offset current commodity costs.  Volume growth was supplemented by the launch of a number of innovations and product improvements in North America during the quarter. These included new smart wins in T.G.I. Friday's fries and more improvements in enhanced taste, variety, value and convenience. Now let's turn to the U.S. Foodservice. As we discussed last quarter, we had expected the industry and with it our sales, to recover at a bit faster pace. As it is, Foodservice had its best quarterly sales change in five quarters, but was still down about 0.5%.  Sales gains in branded ketchup and condiments were offset by weakness in frozen soups and desserts and non-branded sauces. We continue to be very pleased with the bottom line in this business. Improved capabilities and streamlined processes enabled us to grow operating income by nearly 13% in the quarter and 19% year-to-date. One of the ways we're driving brand condiment sales is by expanding the availability of Dip & Squeeze, and launching our new all-natural Simply Heinz condiments, which are packaged in more environmentally friendly material.  Now jumping the pond, we've posted solid performance in Europe while lapping a very strong quarter with the launch of "It Has To Be Heinz" in the U.K. For the quarter, constant currency sales were flat, as net pricing of 2.5%, primarily coming from the U.K. and Italy, was offset by lower soup volume in the U.K. and in Germany. U.K. business posted positive organic sales growth against a 7% increase last year, and while lapping a record soup month in January. Russia also posted a strong quarter and notably, the Italian baby food category returned its growth.  Constant currency operating income increased to the double-digit rate, driven by strong gross margin gains, which provided the fuel to invest in higher marketing and in Keystone. From an innovation standpoint, we launched several very promising new products in the U.K. that have tested well with consumers. We're particularly enthused about the new Fridge Pack Beanz that Bill highlighted at CAGNY last week.  In our Asia/Pacific market, constant currency sales grew 10% driven by strong results in India, China and Indonesia. Overall, volume increased 4.5%, and Foodstar contributed nearly six points of growth. The Australian business continues to face a difficult trade in a competitive environment. We've appointed Nigel Comer, who has successfully led our Wattie's business in New Zealand for many years, to head up our Australian, New Zealand and Japanese businesses. The drop in constant currency operating income in the segment primarily relates to lower profitability in Australia and higher marketing spending across the region. The additional investments in marketing spending is supporting some exciting new products being launched across the Asia/Pacific, including the new U Da Man drink from LOL in Australia, extensions of Green Rice Cereal in China, and new Black Gold and hot chili soy sauces in Indonesia.  A portion of our higher marketing investment this year has been in support of our infant formula launch in China. Overall, we're pleased with our progress to date, and we're very excited about the halo effect the advertising is having on our base baby food portfolio, including jar foods, cereals and nutritional supplements, with our total organic sales up 35% year-to-date. In our Rest of World segment, we delivered constant currency sales growth of 10.5%, driven by net pricing in Latin America, which only partially offset the high inflation there. Volume was down 4%, primarily reflecting economic difficulties in Venezuela and the beginning of a labor strike at our factory late in the quarter. We expect to continue decrease in volume and operating income in Venezuela during the fourth quarter, reflecting the economic and labor challenges in that country. Turning to cash, we delivered $438 million of operating free cash flow, representing 160% of net income. This excellent performance was driven by strong profitability, working capital management and continuing financial discipline. We're also pleased to tell you that during the quarter, we completed a $500 million multi-year private bond placement which we'll fund in May, the proceeds of which will be used to help retire a $750 million bond that comes due in July. As you would expect, we're continuing to focus the team on strong operating discipline. With this in mind, we have reduced trade spending to below year-ago levels, kicking price increases where necessary to help offset commodity inflation, and are continuing to drive down our cash conversion cycle. This discipline is helping us post strong results in a difficult environment. Now I'd like to hand it over to Ed McMenamin to cover our financial scorecards. Ed?
Edward McMenamin: Thanks, Art, and good morning, everyone. I'll take you through some of the details that underpinned another solid quarter for Heinz. Looking at EPS, I'll give you three perspectives on the company's results that reflect the impact that currencies and last year's divestitures have had on our comparisons against what was our strongest quarter in fiscal '10. First, looking at the results on a constant-currency basis, EPS was $0.86, up 3.6% versus prior year. Our current period results were impacted by about $0.02 from unfavorable currency movements. More details on that in a few minutes. Reported EPS from continuing operations was $0.84, up 1.2% from prior year and finally, including the $0.11 unfavorable impact from discontinued operations last year, total company reported EPS was up $0.12, or almost 17%. Now turning to our P&L scorecard. Net sales grew almost 3% on a constant-currency basis, and 1.5% after the impact of currency movements. Organic sales growth of 1.7% benefited from both volume and pricing, while the acquisition of Foodstar added another 1.2% of growth. Our gross margin at 37.8% is continuing to benefit from our Global Supply Chain efforts, with an improvement of 30 basis points from our highest margin quarter of last year. Productivity improvements were the main driver, primarily in the U.S., the U.K. and continental Europe. Marketing was lower $2 million this year as investments in our Emerging Markets, the U.K. and U.S. Foodservice were offset by a shift in North America from traditional advertising to trade promotions. As a reminder, last year's marketing was more back-end weighted while this year is more evenly distributed throughout the year. Operating income increased 2.1% on a constant-currency basis, as our improvements in gross margin more than offset investments in Project Keystone. Given the impact foreign exchange has had on it this year, let's take a quick look at currency trends. These charts show a 15-month time horizon on a few of our key currencies. The pound and the euro are well up from last summer's levels, but still down 2% and 8% respectively from Q3 of last year. The bolivar was devalued by 50% last year, and remains at $4.30 to the dollar. While Australia is representative of the Asia Pac currencies, showing strength versus the dollar. This chart lays out the effects those currency movements have had on our P&L. The largest impact continues to be on our revenue line. The majority of which is the devaluation of Venezuelan bolivar, which we've now lapped in Q3. The euro and the pound continued to be the largest drivers of currency impact to EPS, given the relative size and profitability of our European businesses. Currency movements in Asia/Pacific continued to be favorable, but on a smaller profit base. Adjusting for currency translation, EPS would have been $0.02 better. We now have the major currencies locked for the balance of the year, and that's reflected in our current earnings outlook for FY '11. Turning to the P&L. I'll focus on a few of the line items that were not on the scorecard. Gross profit dollars were up almost 4% on a constant-currency basis, benefiting from improved margin, favorable volume and the Foodstar acquisition.  SG&A was up 7% on a constant-currency basis and up 60 basis points as a percentage of sales. This reflects our investments in Project Keystone, as well as the Foodstar acquisition. I'll go deeper on the drivers of operating income growth on the next few slides, but I'll cover the activity below operating income here. Net interest in other expenses are favorable $6 million, driven by reduced net debt. The company's 26.1% effective tax rate for the quarter was down 110 basis points, or a little over $0.01 of EPS. The improvement was primarily due to increased income and lower tax rate jurisdictions, along with foreign tax planning partially offset by higher repatriation costs this year. We're now estimating our full-year tax rate to be around 27%, reflecting the recent reinstatement of the R&D tax credit, as well as favorable foreign tax settlement. And finally, offsetting the benefits from the tax line, shares outstanding reflect a 2% increase versus last year, an impact of around $0.02 on EPS, resulting in the delivery of $0.84 for Q3.  Now let's take a deeper look at sales. The third quarter delivered constant currency sales growth of nearly 3%, while organic sales grew almost 2%. Volume increased 0.5%, driven by the Emerging Markets and North American Consumer Products, partially offset by soup in Europe, along with declines in U.S. Foodservice and Australia. Net pricing increased sales by 1.2%, as price increases in the Emerging Markets, primarily Latin America, combined with U.S. Foodservice and the U.K. These were partially upset by increased trade promotions and North American Consumer Products and the Australian business. The 1.2% benefit from the Foodstar acquisition in China was more than offset by the 1.4% unfavorable impact from foreign exchange.  As I mentioned earlier, our gross margin increased 30 basis points to 37.8% on both the reported and constant-currency basis. Productivity improvements, along with higher pricing and favorable mix in our U.S. Consumer Products business, have more than offset higher commodity costs, and about a 20 basis points headwind from Venezuela.  We also realized a slight gain on the sale specialty channel distribution rights from one of our smaller European product lines. As you've been reading in the press and hearing from all of our peers, commodity costs in general have shown an abrupt increase recently. Overall, they are a bit more of an headwind than we expected last quarter, but they are incorporated in our revised EPS outlook.  At this point, we'd expect our market basket of commodities to show increase of over 4% this fiscal year, while our procurement teams has developed plans to hold our input costs increases below 2%. Having covered the key components of the P&L, let's turn to the cash flow. As you can see, another strong performance in operating free cash flow at $438 million this quarter. Driving this performance were further improvements in working capital management. Capital expenditures are 2.7% of sales, in line with our plans to increase investments in Project Keystone. The $135 million this year for acquisitions relates to the purchase of Foodstar, and dividends reflect a 7.1% increase we announced in June. Now let's briefly review our results for the first nine months of the year. Looking at our P&L scorecard, all of our key measures compare favorably to last year on both a reported and constant-currency basis. Focusing on the constant currency growth, net sales grew 2.5%, driven by our Top 15 brands which outpaced the company average, growing 4.2% organically. Our gross profit margin was up around 80 basis points, as higher net pricing and productivity improvements were partially offset by higher commodity costs. Consumer marketing was up 2.3% to just over $300 million. Operating income increased 6.1%, while increasing investments in both marketing and Keystone. At $2.37, EPS was up almost 8% on a constant-currency basis, while the dilution from higher shares outstanding was roughly offset by a 110 basis point decline in our effective tax rate, which came in at 26%. Updating the slide I showed you for the quarter to reflect year-to-date impact of currency indicates an $0.08 unfavorable impact as the effects headwinds in the first half were more substantial than recent trends. On a year-to-date basis, organic sales improved 2.1%, with balance support from volume and price. And the same is true for the Emerging Markets, which grew over 15%. The volume increase reflects growth in the Emerging Markets, as well as improvements in North American Consumer Products and the U.K. businesses. These were partially offset by declines in U.S. Foodservice and Australia. Pricing was favorable 1%, largely due to Latin America and U.S. Foodservice, while NACP reduced net price as a result of increased trade spending for the Consumer Value Program which began late last year. The Foodstar acquisition added about 0.5 a point to sales growth, while currency cost us nearly 2% at the sales line. Looking at the year-to-date balance sheet scorecard, capital expenditures of $195 million were 2.5% of sales, up 60 basis points from last year, but still favorable to our 3% full-year estimate. Cash conversion cycle was 44 days, down six days, driven by improvements in all three measures. Operating free cash flow was up almost $100 million from last year, approaching $1 billion through nine months. This performance supports the increase in our full-year estimate to $1.2 billion. Net debt to EBITDA was 0.5x better, driven by lower net debt and higher earnings. ROIC was 19.3%, up 1.1% from this time last year. This excludes the impact of losses from discontinued operations in the prior year of about 80 basis points. And finally, looking at the year-to-date cash flow, the increase versus prior year was due to higher earnings and reduced pension contributions, as well as improvements in payables and income taxes. These increases were partially offset by declines in receivables, largely due to the cash received last year in connection with an accounts receivable securitization program. In addition, last year we received $75 million from closing out swap contracts and the maturity of foreign currency contracts. In summary, an overall solid performance for sales, cash and earnings. And with that, I'll now turn it back to Art to update you on our full-year outlook.
Arthur Winkleblack: Thanks, Ed. Now with three quarters done this year, I'd like to update our outlook for the full year.  As Bill discussed at CAGNY, we have increased and narrowed our reported EPS range for the year, from $295 million to $305 million, to now $304 million to $310 million. This reflects better-than-expected currency dynamics for the year and improved operating performance. Now it's important to note that these projections do not include any one-time costs associated with closing the Quero deal in Brazil. To the extent that the deal closes in this fiscal year, we could incur about $0.03 of transaction-related costs. Bill also announced that we expect to deliver $1.2 billion in operating free cash flow for the year. This would be up $200 million from our original target and an all-time record for Heinz.  And turning to revenue, we've mentioned through the year that we thought our sales goal was the most challenging part of our outlook, and expect it to come in at the low end of the range. We now believe that constant currency sales growth for the year will be between 2% and 3% due to the impact of a month-long labor stoppage at our main plants in Venezuela, and slower than expected recovery in U.S. Foodservice industry.  The good news is that union employees are now back on the job in Venezuela, and we are back at the bargaining table to work toward a mutually beneficial agreement there. Looking at Q4, we expect to make a number of investments to continue to fuel future growth. The first is the launch of nine SKUs of T.G.I. Friday's single-serve meals that we previewed at CAGNY. As Bill noted, our retail partners are excited about the coming launch, and believe that the new products could help jump start the category. The second is to launch an ongoing expansion of Dip & Squeeze in Foodservice. The third is our continuing investment in Project Keystone as we drive stronger processes, consistent with capabilities across the company; and the fourth is investment in our new acquisitions. We are already moving quickly to improve capabilities and enhanced marketing in our Foodstar business. In summary, the business is continuing to perform well in challenging times. Our top line performance is driven by our trio of growth engines: Emerging Markets, Top 15 brands and Global Ketchup. Our bottom line continues to benefit from our culture of strict operational discipline, and we are on track to deliver our full-year earnings and cash flow targets. And we're continuing to build a runway for further growth as we invest for the future. With that, now we'll open it up for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Terry Bivens, Morgan Stanley [sic] [JP Morgan].
Terry Bivens - JP Morgan Chase & Co: You mentioned considerable investment during Q4. So as I look at the SG&A line, in your third quarter as I recall, it was down but it was flattish. How much do you expect that to be up in Q4? And if you could give us some kind of indication as to how strong your consumer marketing element of that will be?
Bill Johnson: Yes. Terry, I do -- G&A was up in the third quarter, and we do anticipate that it will be up in the fourth quarter as we continue to invest in a number of areas, particularly Keystone. So we feel good about that. In marketing, we've got some very significant investments going into China, as you know, behind infant formula. And we continue to support our brands well, particularly, strongly in Emerging Markets. Having said that, it won't be as high as what we did in the fourth quarter. Because as you recall, the fourth quarter last year was a very significant increase in marketing and spending. So while we feel good about the overall number, it will probably be somewhat less in the fourth quarter than it was last Q4.
Arthur Winkleblack: Terry, on SG&A, SG&A was actually up in the quarter and G&A was up significantly. Now we don't break that out for you, we mix it in with the SG&A numbers. But G&A was up significantly, reflecting the investments. In fact, I think if you talk to my management team, the one line of the P&L I keep pressing them on is SG&A, because of the investment in Keystone and some of the other areas. So if you go back and look, I mean, gross margin was up 30 basis points, could have been up 50 basis points, and SG&A was up 50 basis points year-on-year. And so I think from that perspective, I think SG&A is a line that you will continue to see move up until we get Keystone fully implemented and rolled out. And the big expenses will come, as we said, this year in the third and fourth quarter in particular, and then moving through next year as we get North America brought in, as I said in CAGNY last week.
Karen Alber: Yes. I think a bit of moderation on that is the reduction of marketing that it was a big push at the end of the year last year, as you might recall. I think an incremental $50 million of marketing dollars. So while we will be spending incremental, probably to not that same level. I think all of this is going to somewhat wash out.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason English of Goldman Sachs.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: A couple of quick questions. One is on price front. As inflation pressure builds, and maybe as you talked a little bit about in the fourth quarter, if you feel that you're in a position now to maybe shed some light on what fiscal '12 may bring, and how comfortable you are with price in markets like Europe. It sounds like Australia, New Zealand may also be a tough environment.
Edward McMenamin: I think, as we mentioned last week at CAGNY, we have priced in a number of areas. We've taken pricing on ketchup, condiments and sauces in the U.S., frozen potatoes, we've moved up on select Foodservice product, we have taken some pricing in the U.K. and in other markets where commodities has provided some cost pressure. So we're moving, and not until we've done very deep analysis on elasticities and things like that. So we feel comfortable with where we are on pricing. We'll continue to watch it to the extent that commodities continue to accelerate, we will take a look at what we need to do on that front. So again, pricing has come in this industry over many, many years and many, many decades. So we will deal with what comes.
Bill Johnson: Yes. And as I said last week, Jason, and you probably are not going to get any more color then last week, because we were pretty clear in where we've taken price. We've taken it across a number of the businesses in Europe. We've taken it across a number of the brands in the U.S. There's still obviously some that we're not prepared to talk about. But generally, as I said last week, there's no way anybody is going to be able to avoid the pricing mechanism given the impact of commodity costs. They are just too high. And right now, they're really difficult to predict going forward, even with some of the turmoil in the world. So you'll continue to see, I think, us independent of what anybody else does as I continue to say, price against these commodity costs. And the hope is, and the plan is, and the strategy is, that we don't chase them.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: One quick follow up, and this is less Heinz-specific, it's a little more macro in nature. Thinking about Emerging Markets where you guys have a good sense of the consumer there, food is obviously a higher portion of income outlays for those consumers and we're seeing a fair amount of inflation across those markets. How are you seeing the consumer respond? And any volume concerns related to that?
Bill Johnson: I think Art showed you four, or five charts that said, obviously, we're continuing to do pretty well in those markets. Again, put Venezuela aside because of some unique aspects of that issue. But I think as you look at those, we're up double digits in all our key Emerging Markets. And we've been able to push price through. I think the other thing you have to keep in context is, that in those markets, unlike the Developed Markets, you're also seeing wages and salaries lifted in concert with the increased impact of inflation. That's the benefit of markets that are growing, as opposed to markets that are static with high levels of unemployment. So thus far, it has not been an issue. Now the UN tries to make an issue out of some of this stuff by talking at a macro business about staple products in some cases like wheat, flour, sugar, rice. But from our standpoint and the targets we reach predominantly, the middle-class and up, it has not been an issue thus far. I'm not saying it won't be, I'm just telling you thus far, we have not seen it.
Edward McMenamin: It's really been consistent with the past few years. We've seen quite a bit of inflation and quite a bit of pricing in those markets where they're higher, frankly, in the trade in those markets. It's hard doing business and therefore, one of the things that makes operating in Emerging Markets an advantage.
Bill Johnson: And by the way, I think we've done more than a beachhead. I think we've opened the boat and we've stormed the shores.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Diane Geissler of CLSA.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: I wanted to ask a little bit about Brazil as a market. One of the things I've learned since I joined the firm I've joined, is that though there are a lot of countries that fall in the group Emerging Markets, they are all different. So you have had a lot of experience in Indonesia, China, Russia, et cetera. Can you talk about how Brazil as a market is maybe different, some of the markets you're in now? And what sort of skills that you're going to bring to achieve success there? Whether it's a different trade channel, different issues with infrastructure, et cetera, roads and whatever. If you could just address that?
Bill Johnson: I think, Diane, there's a couple of things to note. One, this business is virtually half of its business in tomato processing, and tomato products, which is something obviously, we bring great global capability and expertise in. So from that standpoint, it's right down our lane. The second big piece of it are vegetables, jarred, canned vegetables, which we do in New Zealand, which we do in Australia, which we do in Poland, which we do in a number of markets. And we think there's substantial cross opportunities. The market itself, GDP growth has been 10% to 15% over the last, say, five or six years on average with the exception, obviously, of the one bad year for all of us. We expect it to be about 7% to 10% going forward. While the infrastructure is not where we would like it to be in Brazil, it is actually better than some of the other Emerging Markets we're in, and we have a lot of experience in Venezuela that we find very applicable to Brazil. What we do like, it's got great growing areas. It's also got significant opportunities and upped the trade for us, because the business we're buying is predominantly down the trade and we're going to push into up the trade. The emerging trade there between Carrefour and Wal-Mart is becoming a much bigger piece. The middle class is growing rapidly among the 200 million people. This business has been around 25 or 26 years, and has been growing at a compound average rate between 10% and 15%, despite very little marketing and despite no up the trade presence. So from our standpoint, we find Brazil to be a market we've spent a lot of time learning about, we understand the infrastructure. This company has a world-class distribution base, which was very important to us in the new warehouse and distribution center they've built. They've got actually state-of-the-art ponds in front for wastewater removal. And so it is a really fantastic fit. And we find that the environment, particularly given the size of some of the cities like So Paulo and Rio and so forth, in some ways, better for us and more conducive. But I want to be clear, we have spent a lot of time looking at Brazil, studying Brazil, understanding Brazil before we made a move like this. But I think Brazil, in some ways because of the stability of their economic system and the government they have in place even with the recent presidential change, is a market that we feel very confident and comfortable going into. And as you know, the currency has strengthened precipitously, as have most of the Emerging Market currencies like the rupee and the renminbi. But the real has strengthened, even in the last several weeks, and is now BRL 1.65, BRL 1.66. So market, we're very comfortable with infrastructure-wise and talent-wise.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: Did you say that business has been growing at a 10% to 15% rate?
Bill Johnson: Between 10% and 15%, with the exception of the latest year. They run out of the capacity, they were out of capacity, which we obviously, will address very shortly, and that's part of our plans as we will do some other things. And we'll talk specifics about some of the intent at the May meeting. But they were out of capacity, we are adding capacity. I fact, they've been adding capacity. The other interesting thing about this business, they are also implementing SAP. And so we are buying a business that will be involved with SAP. They're in the process of turning it on in the next 30 to 60 days. So from that standpoint, it gives us a base from which to look at the rest of our Latin American businesses in terms of consolidation opportunity using their systems and processes. It's an extremely well run company.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Growe of Stifel, Nicolaus.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: I just wanted to ask you, in the quarter, the North American business obviously had a very strong margin performance. And I know and I guess to a degree, with the softness on the top line in the Developed Markets, do you think more of the marketing investments, say in 2012 and really, going forward, should be committed to the Developed Markets to get kind of a top line growth? I mean, obviously, the Emerging Markets are doing very well, they are investing pretty heavily as well.
Bill Johnson: Chris, you and I have had this discussion probably 100 times, and as I said last week, I'm not going to give you any insights to fiscal '12 quite yet. We'll come back and talk about that in May. Having said that, one of the things we're looking at marketing is returns on marketing, and where we can get growth and if you look at our Ketchup business globally, our Ketchup business is doing extremely well, and we're investing pretty aggressively behind Ketchup. We're also investing aggressively behind Frozen with the launch of TGIF and some of the changes in Ore-Ida, and they seem to be responding fairly well. In the U.K., we lapped a very difficult soup quarter from last year. We had no expectations of doing frankly, as well as we probably did during the quarter. But marketing is something we continue to look at, and as I said at CAGNY, and I'll go back and almost quote it verbatim, you should expect continued investment going forward in marketing, and that's as specific as I can be at this point until we get to the May session.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: I was not trying to get fiscal '12 guidance either, Bill. But I guess what -- it's just a bit of a follow-up and I'll leave it there, it's just that as you're reducing promotion across the business, is the intention to put it into advertising? I know it's also a means of trying to overcome some of this cost inflation as well.
Bill Johnson: Well, it's a little bit of everything, Chris, but we will put money where we get the best returns. And there's no point in spending good money after bad, as numerous examples exist around the industry showing that. And as I said last week, all the money in the world behind a bad idea is still a bad idea with a bad result. And in that context, we will put money where we're getting a return. Obviously, Ketchup is giving us those kinds of returns as are Frozen, and we'll be very selective with it. But I don't think there should be any rush to judgment about we're going to move money from the Developed Markets to the developing markets, nor do I think there should be any rush in judgment that we're simply going to cut D&A and drop it. We will reinvest it against areas we think that provide us the best returns for the shareholders.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard of Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: As I look back on the, I guess, the number of bolt-on acquisitions that you've done in recent years, the pace of those seems to be accelerating in Emerging Markets. Could you talk a little bit about the lessons that you've learned about what works, what doesn't work so well with these bolt-on acquisitions? And also, as you look forward, the pace of these acquisitions, is it a very target-rich environment? Are you going to give Asia and Latin America a bit of a time to digest the recent ones? Or is it that you'll get going off to more as quickly as you can?
Bill Johnson: Well, I think in response, there's a couple of things to note. One, as I said at CAGNY last week, we have never seen more opportunities than we're seeing now, and we've been very selective, as I've also indicated last week, about our choices. Foodstar is a business that fits right in the middle of our heartland core category of condiments and sauces. Quero is virtually the same thing, Meals & Snacks and condiments and sauces, particularly with its strong Ketchup business, its strong Pasta Sauce business, and its Tomato Sauce businesses. And so I think you'll continue to see us focus on those areas and in those core categories. I do think that there are a number of lessons. And frankly, we probably don't have enough time to articulate them. But the key thing is buy a good brand. And in Brazil, by the way, the Quero brand is virtually 100% of the sales that I mentioned at the outset, which means it will move into our Top 15 brands next year. Foodstar has two brands in Guanghe and Master. And so as you look, we're trying to buy concentrated brands, buying good management. The second thing we're trying to do is not buy businesses that have been grown simply through SKU proliferation. Interestingly enough, the Quero business, which is $325 million right now, has about 100 SKUs. The Foodstar business has less than 40 SKUs, so we're trying to find really focused businesses with strong growth prospects with good manufacturing capabilities. The things we've learned are you have to put management in immediately so that they can learn the business. Because ultimately, the owners that sell these businesses decide that they'd rather go do other things, or they lose interest. So you need to get management in quickly. You need to bring financial processes and discipline in. And the biggest lesson we've learned and it's one we probably should have known but we really learned a lot of it through China this year, is you have to get your investments upfront. Not only in capital but in marketing. And in some of our businesses, we probably waited too long in our zeal to try to sort of balance the profit hit from these businesses from a dilution accretion standpoint, rather than investing aggressively upfront like we're doing in Foodstar which, as Art said, we're running difficultly on capacity, although the new factory will be up in a couple of months and we'll do the same thing here. So the biggest lesson: Good management, focused portfolios, strong brands, good infrastructure, manufacturing capacity and invest upfront, don't wait.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Serotta, Wells Fargo.
Eric Serotta - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Looking at the full-year guidance, it still seems like you have a fairly wide range, given that there's only two months left in the fiscal year. Could you talk about some of the puts and takes that would sort of, other than the obvious, that would cause you to be at either the upper or the lower-end of that range? Are there any specific customer issues, or anything other than the obvious ebb and flow of business that would cause such a wide range of outcome?
Bill Johnson: Yes. The Middle East and Latin America come to mind, as do currencies and Emerging Markets, and we're lapping a very tough quarter last year in CP. So there are a number of things. And the reason we gave ourselves the range is it reflects the pass through of currency. But we also said it reflects the knowledge we have right now of the issues in the Middle East and Latin America. And you tell me where's it going to go? We just don't know.
Edward McMenamin: I think the EPS number that we're expecting in the fourth quarter is well ahead of the EPS in the fourth quarter last year. So a good, healthy growth, but we do expect to invest in the business, as I outlined in the prepared remarks. So I think all those things are good. And as Bill mentioned, a key variable is really in Latin America or Venezuela with the labor situation, the guys are back at work. But the contract is yet to be done, and so we're looking to see how that comes out. But Venezuela has an impact.
Bill Johnson: Any investments behind TGIF and Dip & Squeeze will be variable based on the distribution we gain and based on the number of SKUs the customers take and so forth. We've built in, obviously, projections. I will tell you that the T.G.I. Friday's business is going in far better than we anticipated. It has been incredibly well received, as has Dip & Squeeze but TGIF, I have to tell you, has been, frankly, surpassed what we thought were pretty bullish expectations.
Arthur Winkleblack: The other thing, Eric, the tax rate will be higher in the fourth quarter, as Ed mentioned. And depending upon timing of audit settlements and things like that, that's a line that's always a little bit variable.
Eric Serotta - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: And Bill, just on T.G.I. Friday's selling being better than expected, where do you think that volume is being sourced from? It doesn't look like freezer cases are getting any larger, or more freezer cases are being added in traditional channels, at least.
Bill Johnson: Well, the good news is it's not being sourced from us.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Katzman of Deutsche Bank.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG: I guess in terms of -- Chris may not have pushed you on 2012, but so far, Bill, you've given us a number of negative comments around 2012, whether it's inflation, Project Keystone investments, the Brazilian acquisition dilution, shares outstanding, I assume are going to continue to creep up a bit. So the extent that you're willing to talk about or note the negatives, can't you give us some thoughts about the positives, without necessarily pinning you down as to what is working for you next year?
Bill Johnson: Absolutely. I'll be glad to give you a positive. I have a slum billion full of positives. And the positives include the launch of TGIF, which have a positive benefit on the company next year; the launch of Dip & Squeeze, which will be fully distributed by this time next year across a number of accounts. The innovation activity we're seeing in Europe and across the company, the continued performance of growth in the Emerging Markets, which we expect to be every bit as good next year as this year. And the reality is that while you see Brazil and China in terms of Foodstar and Quero as maybe negatives, we see them as incredible positives, not only in terms of the creation of the top line but the creation of long-term profit and top line growth. I mean, put in perspective that next year, and I said this in the script, so I don't mind talking about it, next year, we expect Emerging Market sales, short of something else happening, to be north of 20% of the total sales of the company. If we continue to drive the growth in those markets that we've given in the past, I think you can start to get a sense of the top line impact that both Foodstar and Quero can have in terms of engaging that number. We've got a lot of activity planned that we'll take you through in May. There's a lot of good stuff going on, Eric. I just want to point out, and you guys wrestle with quarters, I wrestle with the health of the company and the long-term prospects, Quero and Foodstar, very positive moves. But Keystone will bring huge benefits once we get it in place. Unfortunately, it's lengthy and it's time-consuming and it's difficult, it's very complicated. We've got a number of opportunities for investment next year, which we'll talk to you about in May. So I mean, I see overall the health of the company next year being pretty extraordinary. I do think there are some things that we need to continue to be open about, and one is the investment in Keystone, two is the dilution impacts from Foodstar and Quero, and the reason we're not breaking those out now is because we're still working on the plans, and we'll take you through those in May in specifics. But we talk about the negatives because we try to be open and transparent. We don't see them as negatives, we see them as investments, necessary investments for the long-term health and growth of this company. They can be interpreted as negatives, they're certainly not meant to be negatives, they're meant to be the reality of hey, we're investing to continue to drive the performance this company has seen over the last six or seven years and to continue to distinguish ourselves from our peer group.
Arthur Winkleblack: Think about innovation as being a real engine for us, constant currency sales growth, an engine for us, productivity, we're continuing to focus on with our global supply chain. And frankly, pricing, but we'll see how that all shapes out. So I think, as Bill said, lots of good things going on, and while we invest for the long-term as well.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG: And just one quick follow up on the Brazilian acquisition and the accounting of it. Can you give any sense as to the margin structure of the business, and then the 20% that you don't own, are you going to start a minority interest line? Or is that going to flow through other expense and net on a pretax basis? How is that going to be accounted for?
Bill Johnson: Let me address the margin issue and I'll let Ed address the accounting issues, because I think there's some clarification that's needed. From a margin standpoint, this business is comparable at gross margins to our other Emerging Market businesses. It's in the businesses as we operate in terms of tomato processing and in some of the other areas that we think we can bring enormous capacities and capabilities to that will help us. So from a margin standpoint, we're very pleased with where this business is, and I think long term, expect significant improvement in it, given it's the business we know best.
Edward McMenamin: Eric, on the 20%, we already have a non-controlling interest line open for a couple of our other joint ventures. That 20% will be -- this share of that profit will be reflected down there.
Bill Johnson: Indonesia is an example of that.
Margaret Nollen: The accounting changed on that, a year or so ago on that, Eric, and you'll know notice it all the way at the bottom of the P&L. So you actually get a net income number, and then there's -- then you subtract net income attributable to non-controlling interest to get to company net income. So it's a little bit different, but just take a look at the P&L, you'll see it there at the bottom.
Edward McMenamin: If you remember from an accounting standpoint in the old days, you could take the one-time costs associated with the deal, put it on the opening balance sheet. That is no longer the case and that's why I mentioned the potential one-time cost that will come either in the fourth quarter or in the first quarter depending upon the timing of closing the deal.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Driscoll with Citigroup.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: Bill, I wanted to just start off with some two big-picture questions for you on the acquisition. The first question is, and I think you were pretty clear about it, but just wanted to make 100% sure I understand, the first course of action once you acquire -- once you close the deal will be to work on launching Heinz branded premium ketchup in Brazil, is that the right way to think about? I think gave a target of $500 million in the first full year of ownership of the business, is that right?
Bill Johnson: No, no, no, no. I said, short term. Our goal is to get the $500 million. And I did not articulate Heinz Ketchup. I said we will be launching Heinz branded products over a period of time. The first priority is to get management in, in place in terms of finance and control functions and compliance functions and marketing and so forth while we're equally, and while we start investing behind the Quero brand and in the development of Heinz ideas for the market. The second thing we're doing is obviously, they've been buying Heinz seeds but we're going to bring them up-to-date with the Heinz seeds that are proprietary to us to help the crop improve the yields and obviously, improve the ultimate output of their products. I mean, they are a strong company. The brands we bought, the brand we bought, is number one and number two in virtually every category from a volume standpoint, and only two categories falls below that from a dollar sales standpoint curve, I mean, the value standpoint. So I think the reality is that management, investment, processing capability, technical health and then the launch of some businesses, either the import of those businesses or local production of those businesses or the export of some of the businesses. I want to make one comment about their business that's going to be very interesting to watch in our company. They have uniquely developed a tetra pack package of Beanz and they've got about three or four varieties in tetra pack beans, something we've struggled to do as a company over the last decade or so. And so we can take some of that knowledge and that know how, particularly with tetra, they are way ahead of us in terms of working with tetra as a company, and we can apply that knowledge elsewhere in our organization. So this is another example of a two-way street between an Emerging Market business that's actually got factual basis to help us improve in other areas of our company, while we help them.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: Bill, you also mentioned at CAGNY that Brazil benchmark is very low on Infant/Nutrition consumption, I think something like 10.5 kilograms per child. It was right next to the China one. Obviously, this business has nothing to do with that at the moment. But would it be logical for us to conclude that over the course of time, you would want to layer Infant/Nutrition on to this operation?
Bill Johnson: Well, I can try to -- obviously, my response was short and [indiscernible], but I think what I'll leave it to is the fact that we'll tell you in May.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: Final question for you, Bill, it's just simply, do you ever worry about having enough management time and talent to execute all these acquisitions at the pace you're going?
Bill Johnson: That's always a big concern, that's why we'll try to press on in the company, to continue to develop talent. That's why it's part of our strategic plan, that's the fourth pillar but maybe the most important pillar is to continue development, growth, recruitment of talent in the company and spreading them out. Fortunately, we have a fairly talented group of people in Venezuela, some of which speak Portuguese quite well, and we can deploy as needed. But, yes, that is always the ultimate issue, David, not only in finalizing and putting the people in place in the deal, but actually getting the process through. I mean, we've now done two pretty sizable deals in the last six months in Emerging Markets. And as I said, and I think I was pretty clear at CAGNY last week in one of the Q&As, we have a number of deals that we're looking at, but we've had to spread them out because we simply don't have the resources to get them done. We have the financial wherewithal, but not the resources. So, yes, that is a key question and something we wrestle with virtually, daily.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews from Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: I just wanted to ask on the Asia/Pacific organic sales of 3.9%, can you remind us were there any sort of issues in the quarter that don't have that number down that low that you might have called out last quarter?
Arthur Winkleblack: Yes, I think the impact in Asia/Pacific in terms of the overall segment was Australia and New Zealand. If you look at Asia, we're up double digits. So it's really the Pacific has slowed down, and Asia is booming.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar, Barclays Capital.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: I think we all appreciate the growth that you're getting from the Emerging Markets and the recent acquisitions just announced in Brazil. But then one of the original slides in the deck showed at least in the quarter like this, all of the growth came from those markets and obviously, your core, if you will, was flattish in the quarter. How do you ensure that, that -- it seems like that's really the place where you get the highest incremental return, right, on sort of investment? How do you ensure that, that at least stays in the modestly positive territory and would you expect sort of that core business to be positive in fiscal '12? Is it just a matter Foodservice kind of coming back a little bit? Or how do you get there?
Bill Johnson: Andrew, I think there are a couple of charts that show that the profit growth in Europe, in North America and in Foodservice for the quarter were very strong despite, as you point out, flattish volume with the exception of North American Retail, which was pretty solid. Secondly, if you look at two of our major cores, I mean, you talk about the core, but our top 15 brands have been growing very robustly at around 4% organically year-to-date, and Ketchup is up around 5% organically year-to-date. So those two businesses, the top 15 brands which were 70% of the sales of the company and generally are our better mix items and Ketchup, which is not generally our better mix item, but is really among the best in the company, are all continuing to do well. And clearly, we've got an issue this quarter with soup in Europe between Germany and the U.K. and I just pointed out that the softness in Australia and New Zealand in the quarter. And I think fundamentally, you back out Venezuela in Foodservice and we show better results. But the areas we focus on most, the top 15 brands, Emerging Markets and Ketchup are all doing very well, and that's really where the focus is. And so I would expect over time, the top 15, or the top 16, or 17 brands, that 70% number could grow and increase in its level of importance, which is good for the shareholders and good for us. And so that's really where the focus is. So while I'm not obviously ecstatic about the performance in the developed markets, the slide did point emerging versus developed, it did not point out emerging versus top 15 brands and versus Ketchup, which as I said, is doing very well.
Edward McMenamin: When you look at the Developed Markets that we talked to, Foodservice, Germany, Australia, they tend to be our lower margin Developed Markets. So again, that's what's -- you suffer a little bit at the top line, but still driving strong bottom-line.
Arthur Winkleblack: And I think stabilization of the food service industry, it does seem to continue to be coming back a little bit better to the extent that, that flattens out, that will certainly be a positive impact on us.
Margaret Nollen: Guys, thank you for your questions. Just quickly, to wrap up, we'd like to note that Heinz will be presenting at the cage conference, so CAGNY Europe so to speak in London, Monday, March 28 at 11:45 local time. Joining me will be Art Winkleblack and Dave Moran, head of our European business. The presentation will be webcast and available on heinz.com. And then the May date we continue to refer to will be our Heinz Analyst Day. We'll be hosting it in New York this year. Again, it's the New York Stock Exchange. That will be Thursday, May 26. That will be a morning event and we'll get more details to you shortly. As always, Marianne and will and I will be around all day today and tomorrow to answer any of your follow-up questions. The IR mainline is (412)456-6020. Have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes the presentation. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2011 Q2  (2010-11-19 07:30:00) =====
:
Executives: Meg Nollen - SVP, IR Bill Johnson - Chairman, President and CEO Art Winkleblack, Executive VP and CFO Ed McMenamin - SVP, Finance
Analysts: Diane Geissler - CLSA Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein David Driscoll - Citi  Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley Ed Aaron - RBC Capital Markets David Palmer - UBS Jonathan Feeney - Janney Montgomery Terry Bivens - JPMorgan Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Bryan Spillane - Bank of America
Operator: Good morning. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the H.J. Heinz Company's fiscal year 2011 Q2 earnings call. [Operator Instructions.] I'd now like to turn the call over to Meg Nollen, senior vice president, investor relations. Ms. Nollen, you may begin your conference. 
Meg Nollen: Thank you and good morning everyone. I'd like to welcome everyone to our conference call and webcast. Copies of the slides used in today's presentation are available on our website at heinz.com. Joining me on today's call are Bill Johnson, chairman, president and CEO; Art Winkleblack, executive vice president and CFO; and Ed McMenamin, senior vice president, finance. Before we begin with our prepared remarks, please refer to the forward-looking statement currently displayed, which is also available in this morning's earnings release and in our most recent SEC filings. To summarize, during our presentation, we may make forward-looking statements about our business that are intended to assist you in understanding the company and its results. We ask you to refer to our April 28, 2010 Form 10-K and today's press release which lists some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in these statements. Heinz undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of a new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by securities laws. We may also use non-GAAP financial measures in our presentation, as the company believes such measures allow for consistent period-to-period comparison of the business. The most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures are available on the company's earnings release and on our website at heinz.com. Please note we plan to file our first quarter 10-Q early next week. Our related financial highlights pages, or stat pages, however, are available now in the Investor Relations section of the website, towards the bottom of the page. These pages will be updated with cash flow and balance sheet information after the release of our 10-Q next week. Importantly, these stats pages provide a quarterly historical restatement for discontinued operation. Now on to today's call. Bill will review Heinz's strong performance, outlook, and growth drivers. Art will review the business unit, and Ed will touch on our financial scorecard. Of course, we'll be available then to take your questions. We'd like to request that you limit your questions during the Q&A session to one in order to ensure adequate time for all who wish to participate. Now with the formalities out of the way, let me now turn the call over to Bill. 
Bill Johnson: Thank you Meg. Once again good morning there everyone. Before turning the call over to Art and Ed, I want to briefly address our solid performance in the second quarter, which once again reflected the benefits of our emerging markets strategy, our continued global growth in ketchup, the continued operating discipline that underlies our success, the consumer and economic environment, and our outlook for the full year. Turning to the second quarter, as we reported this morning on a constant currency basis, sales grew 1%, operating income rose almost 5%, and EPS from continuing operations increased nearly 7%. On a reported basis, EPS from continuing operations rose almost 3% to $0.78 a share. Encouragingly, during the quarter we saw a 100 basis point improvement in gross margin, and strong operating and free cash flow of almost $300 million.  Without question, emerging markets were the growth engine in the quarter and in the first half of the fiscal year. Emerging markets achieved double-digit organic sales growth of more than 10% in the quarter, enabling Heinz to deliver our 22nd consecutive quarter of organic sales growth.  The strong emerging markets sales growth was fueled by excellent results in China, India, Indonesia, and Russia. Overall, emerging markets generated 15% of the company's total sales in the second quarter, and have generated over 16% through the first half of fiscal 2011.  Notably, the emerging markets infant nutrition business delivered 17% organic sales growth in Q2, reflecting strong results in China, where we grew sales, achieved record shares in infant cereal, and successfully launched Heinz Infant Formula. India continued to be a growth catalyst, with organic sales from Complan nutritional beverages, up 29%. Complan has quickly grown to become one of the company's top brands, and Heinz opened a new greenfield factory in India last December to support its continued expansion and growth. Indonesia delivered 19% organic sales growth in ABC Sauces. ABC is one of the world's leading brands of soy sauce, and we have extended the ABC product line with new varieties of chili sauce to increase host food usage.  Russia achieved 16% organic growth in ketchup, as Heinz continued to build distribution while leveraging our partnership with McDonalds to strengthen our number one ketchup share position. Russia had a superb quarter overall and led our ketchup growth in Europe, where Heinz is now number one in 10 of our top 12 markets. Looking forward, I see China in particular as one of the keys to unlocking future value for Heinz, and consequently we are investing aggressively there to accelerate growth, especially in sauces and infant nutrition. The acquisition of Food Star, whose brands of soy sauce and fermented bean curd hold leading positions in southern China, aligns perfectly with our strategy. Food Star's brands give Heinz a solid growth platform in China's rapidly expanding $2 billion plus retail soy sauce market. We plan to invest heavily in marketing, people, and the supply chain of Food Star over the next 12 to 18 months to drive distribution, growth, and innovation. Therefore, I anticipate that short-term results will be modestly dilutive to income. Food Star is already growing rapidly, and it represents a real opportunity for Heinz to leverage our global sauces capabilities to drive even faster growth while building a large and meaningful ketchup and sauces business in China. Food Star and its 2500 employees joined Heinz just a few weeks ago, and the integration is already off to a good start. Art and I are visiting a number of countries in Asia next month, and plan to meet with our Chinese teams of baby food, frozen, and of course Food Star. Our visibility and commitment to China is such that I have also been asked to address a well-attended symposium of pediatricians and health officials on the important topic of infant and child nutrition. Our visit coincides with the significant organic growth opportunities that we are seeing in Asia, as well as numerous core M&A opportunities, which we are exploring actively. Overall, I now expect emerging markets to deliver more than 20% of the company's sales by 2013, more than double their contribution of five years ago, and at least 25% shortly thereafter. We view the emerging markets as a target-rich base of consumers who are likely to spend more and more of their income on branded packaged foods as they prosper. Turning to ketchup, we continue to prove that our brand is far from mature. Our flagship product has delivered 6% organic sales growth globally through the first half of the year, with organic growth of more than 3% in the second quarter. We continue to invest behind this growth with new capacity planned in both developed and emerging markets and innovative marketing initiatives like Dip & Squeeze and [Progress].  Innovation will be key to continuing our ketchup momentum, which is why we are so enthused about the upcoming launch of Dip & Squeeze, the biggest ketchup innovation in decades. The first Dip & Squeeze machine has been installed and we are on track to begin shipping nationally in early January. Consumers are responding very favorably to Dip & Squeeze, and many restaurant operators have tested it, with very positive results. Dip & Squeeze exemplifies our continued leadership in driving innovation that differentiates our brands, excites consumers, and benefits our trade partners by driving traffic to our categories. Globally, our innovation pipeline is robust, as evidenced by the great success of our Ore Ida sweet potato fries, which has already captured the number one share in the segment, and the upcoming launch of consumer preferred, more shoppable, new Ore Ida packaging, which will begin appearing in early 2011. I will review this and many other exciting new initiatives with you at Cagney. Innovation impacts consumers and customers in a myriad ways, and is one of the keys to driving growth to our categories. Another key is customer satisfaction, and I'm pleased to say that we were advised this week that Heinz ranked first in overall customer satisfaction among food processing companies for the 11th consecutive year in the American Customer Satisfaction Index, which measures perceived quality, value, consumer loyalty, and consumer expectations. Heinz led all food processing companies, with an overall customer satisfaction score of 88, 7 points higher than the industry average.  Our customers are also increasingly recognizing our progress, as Heinz has vaulted into the top 20 for the first time in the new [inaudible] Power Rankings. Also for the first time, Heinz was ranked in the top 10 for best supply chain management and best combination of growth and profitability. The second quarter benefitted from another Heinz hallmark, operational discipline. We continued to be very disciplined across the P&L and balance sheet, with particular focus on trade spending, cap ex, and inventory management. Trade spending increased only slightly from year ago levels in the second quarter, and was actually down from first quarter levels. Frankly, our experience suggests that aggressive promotions are even less effective today than in previous years at driving profitable growth at acceptable returns. In short, there is simply no reason to chase consumers out the door as I've said for several years. We also continue to allocate capital very efficiently and effectively, and our continued discipline in inventory management led to further reductions in DII for the second quarter. Reflecting our strategy to leverage global scale, we are making significant investments in the second half of this fiscal year behind project Keystone, which as you recall is designed to build our capabilities, harmonize global processes, and standardize our systems. This will drive capital and SG&A in the second half, beyond what you should normally expect, but the long-term benefits clearly warrant the investment and our Keystone team has performed admirably to date. Turning now to the consumer and economic environment, we are seeing some improvement in the U.S. and Europe, but clear differences still exist between developed markets and faster growing emerging markets. U.S. consumers are still focused on value, as evidenced by the fact that coupon usage is up more than 5% year-to-date. They are still eating at home in great numbers, and at least a quarter of the U.S. population is now without discretionary income, according to Nielsen.  However, we are seeing some glimmers of hope on away from home venues amid slightly more encouraging holiday shopping visits, and some consumers in developed markets appear to be emerging from hibernation. As the U.S. economy begins to improve, I expect sales at our U.S. food service business in the second half of this fiscal year to improve enough to be essentially flat with a year ago, which would be a very positive development after the prolonged downturn in restaurant traffic. Meanwhile, emerging markets continue to be epicenters of dynamic growth, led by China, which passed Japan earlier this year to become the world's second largest economy. Frankly, as I've said many times, I believe emerging markets are the future of the packaged foods industry, because their economies are growing at more vigorous rates than developed markets, and the ranks of middle class consumers are projected to rise dramatically in the decades to come, led by both China and India. To win in this changing world, we must invest in growth markets, and that is exactly what Heinz is doing successfully, as evidenced by our growing footprint in emerging markets and by our stature as a global company that now generates almost two thirds of our sales outside the United States. Finally, a few comments on our outlook for fiscal 2011, which Art will elaborate on further in a few minutes. Heinz is raising its outlook for operating free cash flow by 15%, to $1.15 billion, reflecting strong cash generation in the first half of the year. We're also reaffirming our full-year constant currency outlook of 3-4% growth in sales and 7-10% growth in both operating income and earnings per share.  In closing, Heinz performed well in a challenging and uncertain environment in the second quarter, driven by our continued growth in emerging markets and ketchup, and supported by our continued focus on innovation and strong operating discipline. With those brief remarks out of the way, I'll now turn it over to Art.
Art Winkleblack: Thanks Bill, and good morning everyone. Overall we're pleased with the results of Q2. For the quarter, we delivered continued strong sales in our key growth vehicles of emerging markets, global ketchup, and our top 15 brands. Expanded gross margins for strong productivity and net pricing delivered solid operating income and EPS growth, and continued our great momentum in driving cash flow.  And as Bill mentioned, we performed quite well on a constant currency basis. Reported results were lower than these growth rates as foreign exchange reduced sales by about 2%, operating income by 2.5%, and EPS by 4%. The currency headwind during the quarter largely relates to the Venezuelan Bolivar, key European currencies, and hedges, whose impact shows up below operating income. In terms of organic sales, the increase was clearly led by emerging markets, which posted double-digit sales growth in the quarter, driven by China, India, and Russia, and pricing in Latin America. Organic sales for developed markets, excluding U.S. food service, were relatively flat in the quarter, as gains in global ketchup and our top 15 brands were offset by results in parts of continental Europe and Australia. U.S. food service continued to be impacted by soft channel trends, though we are starting to see some improvement in restaurant traffic. Our core branded ketchup and sauces business continued to grow, but was more than offset by lower sales of unbranded frozen desserts.  As you know, Heinz is comprised of a highly focused portfolio, anchored by the $4 billion Heinz brand. Our top 15 brands represented more than 70% of sales in the second quarter, and have consistently led our organic growth over the last few years. And this quarter was no exception, as these brands grew organic sales at nearly 3%. Turning to our core categories, we drove solid constant currency growth in ketchup and sauces and infant nutrition. Ketchup and sauces sales grew more than 2.5%, and shares increased in many countries around the world. We're particularly pleased with this result following a very strong performance in Q1, where this category posted 5.1% organic growth.  Ketchup led the growth here, up 3.3% in the second quarter, following an increase of a very strong 8% in Q1.Infant nutrition grew almost 5.5% for the quarter, driven by 17% organic growth in our emerging markets. The softness in meals and snacks primarily reflects the lower sales in U.S. food service desserts. Now let's take a quick spin around the world of Heinz, and we'll start with North American consumer products. Constant currency sales were driven by volume growth and a small acquisition in Canada. These increases were partially offset by a reduction in net pricing. The sales growth reflects strong market share performance across our most important categories and on a constant currency basis, operating income increased roughly in line with the increase in sales.  In the last 12 weeks, and in fact over the last year as well, we've seen volume and value share gains in our three big brands, Heinz ketchup, Ore Ida, and Smart Ones. Competing brands and private label have not fared as well. Our iconic brands have outperformed the categories in this difficult economic environment, and their success has been based on continuing innovation and our consumer value program. Some of our recent innovations that have helped drive the strong share results include Ore Ida sweet potato fries, which are already number one, and have helped grow the category twofold since its introduction earlier this year. This product is so popular that we went on allocation this quarter. We've since remedied the supply situation, and we're back in full swing in time for the third quarter.  Smart Ones sliders and breakfast offerings, which are showing very strong sales velocity, and simply Heinz ketchup, which is running well above our launch expectations, and now represents about 10% of the retail ketchup business. Another notable innovation is Classico light alfredo sauce, which has proven to be a highly incremental new product in our pasta sauce portfolio. Just a couple of final thoughts on North American volume. Overall, volume was constrained in the quarter by a few factors. First, the timing of promotions and some pantry loading in Q1 this year appeared to have held shipment comps below consumption comps in Q2.  Second, given the environment, in the frozen category we're moving to simplify and streamline our brand offering. A step in the process is consolidating our retail Poppers brand into the TGI Friday's brand in order to further consolidate our focus on the top 15 brands. And lastly, as I mentioned, a shortage of sweet potatoes in Q2 held down shipments of Ore Ida sweet potato fries in the quarter. Net net, probably the best way to view North American volume is on a year-to-date basis through the first half, which is up 3.4%, a good result in the current economy.  Now turning to U.S. food service, we're pleased that again Q2 branded ketchup and condiment sales grew despite continued lower aggregate foot traffic across our customer base. But as I mentioned earlier, the sales declines related to non-Heinz branded frozen desserts. However, through the effective streamlining of the business, and strong operational discipline, profit for the quarter grew 20% and year-to-date operating income is up a very strong 22%.  As we look forward, we believe we are well-positioned for when the traffic trends in food service improve, and we expect organic sales to be at least flat in our third quarter. Our profit performance in U.S. food service continues to be driven by a recovery in gross margin levels. We regained gross margin during the last couple of years through tightening of promotional practices, effective mix management, SKU reduction, elimination of low margin business, and productivity in the supply chain. The team has done a great job on the bottom line, but now with innovations like Dip & Squeeze, it is turning toward top line expansion. Now let's turn to Europe. For the quarter, we saw a constant currency sales growth of 0.5%, driven by an overall volume increase of 0.7%. Here, strong organic sales growth in the U.K., solid growth in Italy, and double-digit growth in Russia were partially offset by soft sales in Germany and the Netherlands. Gross margin was up 180 basis points, driven largely by supply chain productivity.  Putting it all together, European operating income grew almost 6.5% on a constant currency basis, even with the continuing investments in Keystone processes and systems. Q2 marks the fourth quarter of the very effective "It Has to be Heinz" marketing campaign in the U.K., and it is still generating strong results. Heinz grew volume and value share in key beans, soup, and ketchup categories. As we look forward, we'll begin lapping the excellent results of this campaign next quarter. In our Asia-Pacific market, sales growth was largely driven by strong results in India and China. Additionally, Indonesia increased sales even after tremendous growth in Q1, which partially reflected the timing of Ramadan. The Australian business continues to face a difficult trade and competitive environment, and we continue to bring capabilities and new tools to Australia to enable them to improve performance in the tough market conditions there. For the Asia-Pacific region overall, volume increased by 2%, and price decreased slightly. Gross margin was very strong, expanding 100 basis points despite commodity spikes in Indonesia. Operating income increased by almost 3%, even after a double-digit increase in marketing spending in the region. Now this marketing spending is supporting some exciting new products being launched in our Asian markets.  These include new [IM Goreng] chili sauce in Indonesia, an accompaniment to popular foods like fried chicken, Complan Nutri-Gro toddler formula in India, launched in June, and expanding to additional cities and regions this year. Our new Green Rice cereal in China, which as Bill mentioned helped drive our infant cereal business to a record market share in the quarter, and our infant formula launch in China last April. It's still early, but we're pleased with our progress. Distribution is strong, and we just commenced advertising on the product. In our rest of world segment, we delivered constant currency sales growth of 14%, primarily driven by Latin American pricing. Volume was down in Latin America, reflecting the economic difficulties in Venezuela. The devaluation of the Venezuelan Bolivar at the end of Q3 last fiscal year drove this quarter's $50 million unfavorable forex variance in the segment at net sales, and we expect a similar impact next quarter. Now turning to cash flow, we're very pleased that we delivered another excellent quarter. Operating free cash flow of $297 million in Q2 represents 118% of net income, driven by strong profitability, working capital management, and continuing financial discipline. For the first half, cash flow exceeded last year's excellent performance by 24%. Now I'd like to hand it over to Ed McMenamin to cover our financial scorecards. Ed?
Ed McMenamin: Thanks Art, and good morning everyone. Now that Art's covered the performance of each of the operating units, I'll briefly review the overall financial highlights. Looking at EPS, I'll give you three perspectives on the company's results that reflect the impact that currencies and last year's divestitures have had on our comparisons.  First, looking at the results on a constant currency continuing operations basis, EPS was $0.81, up 6.6% from the prior year. Our current period results were unfavorably impacted by about $0.03 from currency movements, which were largely due to the relative weakening of the Euro and the pound, as well as the bolivar devaluation last year.  Reported EPS from continuing operations was $0.78, up 2.6% versus prior year, and finally, including the $0.04 unfavorable impact from discontinued operations last year, total company reported EPS was up $0.05, or almost 7%. Now turning to our P&L scorecard, net sales of just over $2.6 billion benefitted from double-digit organic growth in emerging markets. The efforts of our global supply chain are delivering great results, with a gross margin increase of 100 basis points to 37%. [Inaudible] activity improvements are the main driver here, primarily in U.S. food service, the U.K., and Australia. Marketing was down slightly as increased investments in our emerging markets and the U.K. were more than offset by a shift in North America from traditional advertising to trade promotions. Operating income increased 2.1% on a reported basis, and 4.6% on a constant currency basis. Improved gross profit enabled us to increase investments in Project Keystone while still delivering operating income growth. Now that you're grounded on the major P&L line items, this chart details the currency impacts on these key measures. Despite some recent strengthening of the European currencies, overall forex was still a headwind for the quarter. The largest impact is obviously on our revenue line, where the bolivar devaluation was the most significant movement. However, given the relative size and profitability of our European business, the euro and the pound are the largest drivers of the currency impact on earnings, and generally the Asia-Pacific movements have been favorable, but on a smaller base.  Adjusting for the impacts from both translation and losses on translation hedges from both years, EPS was unfavorably impacted by $0.03 - $0.02 from translation, $0.01 from the hedges. Here's a quick look at several of our key currencies. As you can see, the general positive trend since early summer for the pound and the euro have barely reached the low point for those currencies during our second quarter of last year. In fact, on average the pound was about 4% below last year's levels, and the euro down 8% for the quarter.  We've hedged translation for the euro, as well as the New Zealand and Australian dollars at rates better than Analyst Day levels, and in the case of the euro still well below last year's rates. As a result, we would anticipate moderate upside versus earlier estimates due to currency movements. Turning back to the P&L, a few points that we haven't yet discussed. Gross profit dollars were up almost 4% on a constant currency basis, driven by improved margins. SG&A was up 4.7% on a constant currency basis, which reflects increased investments in Project Keystone and higher compensation costs. In relation to Project Keystone, I'm happy to report the successful SAP go live in the Netherlands, which occurred during our second quarter. Looking below operating income, net interest and other expenses are down $4 million, largely due to our debt refinancing last year, which more than offset the unfavorable impact from currency hedges I mentioned earlier. The company's 26.7% effective tax rate for the quarter was up 110 basis points from last year, but as a result of tax planning projects reflected this quarter, Q2 was still favorable to our full year estimate of around 28%. And finally, shares outstanding reflect a small increase versus this time last year, resulting in the $0.78 of EPS. Now let's take a deeper look at sales drivers. The second quarter delivered organic sales growth of almost 1%. Volume increased 0.3%, and was driven by our emerging markets, the U.K., and Canadian businesses, offset by declines in U.S. food service, Germany, and Australia.  Net pricing increased sales by 0.6%, as pricing in the emerging markets, particularly Latin America and U.S. food service, were partially offset by year-over-year increases in trade promotions for North American consumer products, the U.K., and the Australian businesses. As Bill mentioned, G&A is down as a percentage of sales from our first quarter levels. Foreign exchange translation rates reduced sales by 2.3%, while acquisitions had little impact on sales for the quarter. The food store acquisition will contribute to top line growth in the second half of the year. As I noted earlier, our gross margins increased 100 basis points to 37% on both a reported and constant currency basis. This reflects productivity improvements along with higher pricing and a rising commodity cost market.  During Q2, we saw market price increases of around 3.5%, primarily behind dairy, vegetables, resin, and glass. However, favorable contract pricing and the great work of our global procurement teams kept our commodity costs about flat for the quarter. We expect that the inflationary impact of dairy and resin for the remainder of the year will be partially offset by the favorable cost for tomatoes and potatoes. Based on these trends, we now believe our basket of commodities will experience market inflation of over 3%, but our net costs should be below that.  As you can see, operating free cash flow was driven by higher earnings and favorable working capital, which included the benefit of recent agreements to purchase domestic tomato paste throughout the year rather than at the harvest.  In addition, this year we reverted to more typical pension funding levels, almost $80 million below last year. Roughly offsetting that favorability was the $80 million we received from the termination of a total return swap and the maturity of foreign currency contracts in Q2 of last year.  Capital expenditures are up from last year, primarily due to Keystone investments, while dividends reflect the 7.1% increase we announced in June. Now let's briefly review our results for the first half of the year. Taking a look at EPS from the same three perspectives as I did for the quarter, constant currency EPS was $1.59, up almost 10% versus prior year. Our year-to-date comparisons were unfavorably impacted by about $0.05 from currency movements. Reported EPS from continuing operations was $1.53, up 6.3% from prior year, and finally, including the $0.04 unfavorable impact from discontinued operations last year, the total company reported EPS was up $0.13. Now let's move to our P&L scorecard. As you can see, all the key measures compare favorably to last year on both a reported and constant currency basis. Year-to-date net sales grew 2.3% on a constant currency basis. Organically, sales grew 2.2% as a 1.4% volume increase was combined with a 0.8% price increase. The volume reflects strong growth in the emerging markets, as well as improvements in North American consumer products and the U.K. business. These are partially offset by declines in U.S. food service, Australia, Germany, and the Netherlands. Notably, on an organic basis, emerging markets grew over 16% and our top 15 brands grew 4.4%. Including the 2.2% unfavorable impact from foreign exchange, and a slight impact from acquisitions, reported year-to-date sales are up slightly. Our gross profit margin was up around 100 basis points, as higher net pricing and productivity improvements were partially offset by higher commodity costs. Consumer marketing was up on both a reported and constant currency basis. Operating income reported a 5.8% increase, and a very strong 8.4% growth on a constant currency basis. At $1.53, EPS was up almost 10% on a constant currency basis. The dilution from higher shares outstanding was roughly offset by a 100 basis point decline in our effective tax rate, which came in at around 26%. As a reminder, last year the after-tax impact of the gain on the total rate of return swap was completely offset by day after tax charges for up front productivity initiatives. Looking at the year-to-date balance sheet scorecard, capital expenditures of $122 million were 2.4% of sales, up 50 basis points from the prior year but still favorable to our 3% estimate for the full year. Cash conversion cycle was 49 days, down 5 days from the prior year, driven by improvements in all three measures. Operating free cash flow was up $100 million from last year at just over $500 million, given us the confidence to take our projection up for the year by 15%. Net debt to EBITDA was better by 0.5 times, driven by both lower debt balances and higher earnings. ROIC was 19.2%, up 1.6% from this time last year. This excludes the impact of losses from discontinued operations of around 60 basis points.  Overall, we're pleased with our performance for the quarter and first half, and now I'll turn it back over to Art to discuss our full year outlook.
Art Winkleblack: Thanks Ed. As Bill said at the outset, we are reaffirming our constant currency P&L targets while increasing our cash flow outlook by 15%. Our year-to-date results and the plans for the balance of the year give us confidence that we will deliver another strong year for the company and its shareholders.  Finally, let's talk about the shape of the next two quarters relative to last year, and items impacting comparability. Last year the high water mark in terms of EPS occurred in Q3, with Q4 profits being quite a bit lower due to commercial and productivity investments.  This year we expect our EPS to be much more even in Q3 and Q4, and this largely reflects a more even distribution of investment spending this year, largely focused on Project Keystone; the modestly dilutive effects of the Food Star acquisition, as we plan to aggressively invest in this business in order to further leverage its current momentum; the overlap of the currency devaluation in Venezuela, which occurred very late in Q3 last year; a higher effective tax rate in the back half; and an increased number of shares outstanding this year. So again, we expect EPS to be relatively evenly phased between the two remaining quarters. In summary, we believe that the business is performing well in challenging times, and we are confident in our full year outlook. And we have a great runway for continued growth as we continue to invest for the future.  So now, we'll open it up to your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions.] And your first question will come from the line of Diane Geissler of CLSA. Please proceed.
Diane Geissler - CLSA: The volume trends in the quarter were a little bit lighter than what I had been looking for. You cited a number of issues, the pantry loading, allocation on the sweet potato fries, the Ramadan. Can you just give us some indication about your volume expectations in the second half of the year, what you see happening with the U.S. consumer, just any color there would be appreciated.
Bill Johnson: I think in the second half of the year, from a U.S. standpoint, remember we're up against very difficult comps because of the growth we put behind the CVP program last year. The second thing you should be aware of is, and we made the statements about where deal spending is in the first and second quarter, but year for the year I would expect deal spending as a percentage of sales to be flat, which means in the second half of the year you're not going to see us aggressively chase volume like I think we may have done last year with the CVP program.  Third, the U.S. consumer is in a funk, and while we're seeing some glimmers of hope and some seem to be emerging from hibernation, the reality is that they are making conscious and significant tradeoffs in their budget and for the first time ever, maybe since the Great Depression, we're seeing 27% of them without discretionary income based on the Nielsen data we looked at last week, which is an incredibly high number.  Having said that, we have a lot of innovation in the second half of the year in the U.S., and my hope in the U.S. is in the second half of the year that we see some volume improvement on Ore Ida, because of recapturing the sweet potatoes that we didn't get in the second quarter. Ketchup will continue to be relatively strong, other than it's up against a huge CVP program in the fourth quarter last year.  Frozen entrees is simply a function of what the category is going to do. We're building share, and we're seeing good response to our breakfast and sliders business, but in the U.S. if we don't see a turnaround in the category I'm not very hopeful about volume in the second half.  So I would think the second half in the U.S. will be not as good as the first half where we were up between 3-4% in volume. I would expect us to be flattish in the U.S. and again, that's going to reflect lower deal spending.  Globally you're going to see a very strong second half in the emerging markets - very strong. You're going to see, I think, reasonably strong performance in some of the European countries. I'm still concerned about Germany. I'm concerned about the Nordics, and I'm concerned about Benelux, but I think short of those you'll see pretty good response. I think the U.K., although it comes up against tough comps. They've got a lot of innovation and the fridge pack beans seems to be off to a very good start.  And then I think in the rest of world segment, short of Venezuela we're seeing very good growth in the Middle East and in Africa. So I think generally the emerging markets will be a very good story in the second half. We'll have pockets of strength in Europe. Food service, as I said, we think will be flat year-on-year in terms of organic sales in the second half, which is the first time in a long time we can say that.  So I think generally what we've said is we're holding to our 3-4% sales, using Art's word, algorithm for the year, and other than that there's just not a whole lot to add.
Diane Geissler: Okay, great. Is there a breakdown within that 3-4% sales growth in terms of volume and price?
Bill Johnson: We haven't broken it down. What we've said is 3-4% constant currency sales growth. That was the target we laid out in May and that's still the number we're looking at, so I'd rather not break it out, although you can pretty much get a good read by what we've done in the first half and then the addition of some M&A in the second half.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard of Sanford Bernstein. Please proceed.
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein: Just wanted to continue on the question of what's going on in Germany and Benelux and the Nordic regions. Could you give us a little bit more color on that? You said it might persist into the second half. Is it weakness in the consumer? Is it competitive dynamics? Just a little bit more information there.
Bill Johnson: The answer to both those is yes. In Germany it's a function of a price increase we took on Sonnen Bassermann and the negative reaction we've gotten from the trade, and we've been delisted in some accounts in Germany, so we saw a very weak German performance in Q2. I think our plan is to have it back in the accounts, say, early part of next calendar year. In fact the one account that did eliminate the product has seen their comps versus their peer competitors drop precipitously in soup and in stews. So that's fundamentally the issue in Germany.  In the Nordics the issue is a function of frozen. The frozen dynamics in the Nordics where we have a very strong Weight Watchers business are very similar to what they are in the U.S., and so we're sort of a victim of the category there.  And then I think in the Benelux it's predominantly a couple of things. It's one, the customers there are really being difficult with private label and pricing and we are not participating. We have decided that it's just not simply worth the cost, nor the implications for moving in that direction, so we're not as aggressive as the market in general. I think secondly, we've got a lot of innovation in the second half in those businesses and we'll see how that plays out. Having said that, in the Benelux, our ketchup business from a volume standpoint is doing very well, as is ketchup across the continent.  The other thing we're seeing is based on the Nielsen data we've looked at, and we're seeing it in our own businesses, is that in Eastern European markets, market baskets are flattish to down slightly as the consumer retrenches. Fundamentally, what you've got in Europe is a story of southern Europe and northwest Europe, and I'm excluding Ireland from that, obviously.  But in northwest Europe, we're seeing better comps and better performance from a consumer standpoint, other than our one-off issue in Germany. In the southern parts of Europe, excluding Italy for the time being, where our business performed fairly well in the second quarter, the consumer is literally not coming back. You've got high unemployment, particularly among younger people, and I think as a consequence of that we just don't see a lot of good things coming out of Europe other than the U.K., where volume was up a little over 5% in the second quarter and where our team really is doing a spectacular job with innovation, and I think managing the balance between trade spend and marketing, consumer marketing. And I think it's done a very good job at driving share and volume performance as Art articulated in his comments.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Driscoll of Citi. Please proceed.
David Driscoll - Citi : I wanted to go back to the Europe question, but specifically just focused in on the U.K. You've made a couple of comments here, but it has to be Heinz's promotional campaign. I believe it began in the third quarter of last year, and the U.K. business in that quarter grew I believe it was 9%. What happens when you start to lap that promotion and what gives you confidence that we'll actually see year-over-year growth in third quarter and beyond that, just given how strong the business was during that period of time.
Bill Johnson: I want to be clear that I don't know we'll see significant year-over-year growth in the U.K., certainly not in Q3 relative to those comps from last year, but they have a lot of activity. The fridge pack beans has been a big hit, and the advertising we're running, which started last week, is very breakthrough advertising, some of the best advertising I've seen in this company.  They've got a lot of activity on sauces and on soups. Soup category was up in the latest 12 weeks. Our share was up against a growing category. In fact, we're now pushing from a volume and value standpoint, upper 60s, pushing 70%, which are numbers we haven't seen in U.K. soup in a long time.  But I do think the comps in the third quarter will be difficult to match, and then we'll come back and see how the fourth quarter comes out. But the U.K. business overall is very solid, fundamentally sound. They've made great progress from the supply chain standpoint, from a margin standpoint. They've got some good initiatives coming in the second half.  But I want to be clear, I don't know that I want to say - and if I did I want to correct it, because I don't think I said it - that I expect big volume increases year-on-year in the U.K. given the "It Has to be Heinz" program. Having said that, again our business is very healthy in the U.K.
David Driscoll - Citi : Thanks for the clarity. Just two quick follow ups. Art, can you tell us, and maybe you said it on the call, but what is the EPS effect projected in 2011 from foreign currency, all factors taken into account? And what's your expectation for productivity saves this year?
Art Winkleblack: I'm not sure we quantified it exactly, given the extreme volatility of currency. I think as Ed mentioned it will be somewhat better than what we had thought at Analyst Day, but still down to prior year overall. So a few cents I would expect coming there. We've locked a number of our currencies. The remaining open one is the pound, so we're getting some clarity there, but there's still volatility in the pound and also on some of the Asian currencies. So we'll keep you posted as that goes along, but I wouldn't get too far ahead of yourself on currency, just based on what we've locked at, and also the continuing volatility. I mean, three days ago I would have said one thing and today I'd have said something different. So I think currency should be a modest help to us. And in terms of productivity, we're off to a great start productivity wise, and that has really helped drive our gross margin up 100 basis points in the quarter, so that we continue to make progress on, and I'm very pleased with the Keystone progress as well, a successful rollout in the Netherlands, those are never easy processes, but we got in the global template and now we're continuing to work to expand to other geographies.
Bill Johnson: On the productivity, I think Bob [inaudible] and the global supply chain team we put in place in the last six months has had a huge impact. Now obviously, we're benefitting from some very good moves in the procurement side. We're also benefitting from tomatoes and potatoes finally moving our way, but we are also benefitting from the time they're spending in the emerging markets and in other markets trying to bring everybody onto the HGPS system. And I think from that standpoint we're seeing good productivity gains across the board, particularly in Europe and in the emerging markets. And I look forward to that continuing as part of what we've laid out for future goals, but I think particularly with the Food Star acquisition and some of the other moves in the emerging markets, we now have 12 factories in China and there are significant opportunities to improve their processes and improve their returns. We have three factories in Indonesia, we've got two in India, and so there are significant plans in place to greatly improve the returns and the productivity we're getting out of those facilities, as well as continuing the growth and improvements we're seeing in the developed western world.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews of Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Just maybe two quick ones. First, in the quarter, was your sales growth, relative to your internal expectations, above or below what you were expecting? And can you kind of triangulate whatever happened with the tactical decisions you've been talking about making in terms of allocating G&A both in general and then across your geographic segments?
Bill Johnson: I think from a sales standpoint every quarter looks different to us. Sales finally came in towards the end against our expectations, about where we thought they would for the quarter. Now if you go back to the original plan, it always changes because of the investment decisions we make and the moneys we move around. So we evolve as we go through the year.  From a tactical standpoint, on G&A, we have been very hard-nosed. As you know, this is something that I believe in, both philosophically and personally, that we need to be cautious. And we've seen some areas in the United States, for example, we've seen some areas where G&A was up and we made some conscious decisions to reallocate some marketing to the G&A line. And as Ed said in his comments, I don't think we've gotten a return for it, and frankly you'll see that come back in the second half for the year, because we're just not going to spend money against a consumer that is not influenced by that kind of promotion activity.  We are allocating additional marketing money into the emerging markets where we're seeing significant growth. We're putting a significant amount of marketing money behind the Food Star acquisition to build on the incredible momentum we're already seeing over the last six months in their top line. And we're seeing some reallocations across Europe to some of the businesses that are performing better.  We are ruthless in allocating marketing, and taking it away from those businesses that don't do well and putting it against those businesses that do, and as you can see year-to-date we're up about 4% - $5 million to $6 million in marketing - and I would expect you to see some investment marketing in the second half of the year, predominantly in the emerging markets where the allocation processes, I think, are going to become more robust. And you'll see additional funds shifted over time to where we get returns more clearly.  We are also in the process of putting in a plan we call HMPP, which is the Heinz Marketing Productivity Process. We're just now starting that. It's being developed by a couple of the people who report to me - Mike Pretty and his team - and it's a real opportunity for us to be a little more ruthless in terms of allocation of marketing funds based on not only ROI, but based on category performance, country performance, geographic splits, and so forth.  So I think as we go forward, you will see marketing funds shifted from markets where we're not getting growth into markets where we are, and I think that process has started. We've seen an incredible lift, for example, in China on baby food from the investments we've just started to make behind formulas. It's having a huge halo effect. We're seeing similar things across Indonesia in the ABC. We're seeing similar things in Russia.  And so the appetites in those markets are considerable, but the returns are even more considerable and so we're making some tradeoffs between G&A and marketing in the developed world and adding additional marketing where possible in the developing world to continue to drive the growth we've seen.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: And if I could just ask you quickly on food service, to get to that flat year-over-year number in the back half are there particular segments of food service that you're expecting to drive this, or is it more broad based?
Bill Johnson: I think it's going to be predominantly condiments and sauces driving in the second half, particularly portion control in response to the Dip & Squeeze launch in January. I think the other thing we're starting to see is, as you see, the QSRs are performing better than the fast casual restaurants. And so I don't expect a huge turnaround in some of our frozen businesses in food service, but I do expect condiments and sauces, as it has for the last couple of quarters, to continue to do well. It's one of the things driving the margin on food service. I want to give kudos to the food service guys on all the productivity initiatives, but they're also getting the benefit of the mix shift into our branded products and I think that's where you'll see the focus in the second half. But I think we have good plans in the second half, and providing the consumer continues to show some continued improvement in access to the food service venues, I feel fairly good that we'll deliver that flat performance. But it is going to be driven by condiments and sauces.
Ed McMenamin: On top of that, in addition to the general economic comments, remember that over the last couple of years the food service team has been proactively eliminating some SKUs and in some cases getting out of some customer agreements where they just weren't profitable cases. So I think we've kind of gotten through most of that. We'll see that headwind soften a bit going forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ed Aaron of RBC Capital Markets. Please Proceed.
Ed Aaron - RBC Capital Markets: Bill, I was hoping you could maybe just kind of share some views on how you're thinking about the pricing environment, maybe versus prior cycles. There seems to be growing evidence that food companies are taking price a bit faster than in the past, but it's happening in a pretty weak volume environment. So you seem to be of the view that trade spending hasn't really helped drive volumes, so do you think that the volumes will kind of hold up as this pricing makes its way through the system over the next few months?
Bill Johnson: Well, yeah, I worry about us, Ed. I don't pay a lot of attention to what other people are doing, and our pricing decisions are predicated on our cost profile, what we expect to happen in the future from a commodity perspective, the elasticities that we understand, and they vary by business, significantly by business, and by customer, and by geography. I think it will also be predicated on the productivity measures we're seeing, and how effective they're going to be.  My own view on pricing is that for the Heinz company, even if we were to see some volume tradeoff, the net-net benefit typically over time is a positive one. But I don't think you should expect to see this company take blanket pricing across the board. I think we'll be very selective in areas where we know the elasticities and where the brand strength and the trail of innovation is enough to continue to support the premiumization of some of these products.  It's interesting, and very few people comment on this, but if you go back and look at our last four fiscal years - fiscal '07, '08, '09, '10, we got net price in each of those years. Fiscal '06 was the last year we didn't get net price, and it was essentially flat. And year-to-date this year we're up net price obviously. And so our view is we'll continue to reflect the dynamics of the market, the dynamics of our brand, what our marketing is showing us, what our innovation packages look like, and what productivity and commodity costs are going to be and we'll be prudent and selective. But I think in some cases we'll probably have no choice but to take price.  But I have to tell you, I don't reflect on anything other than what I think we can do as a company and where we can be successful. And I don't worry about what anyone else is doing. I don't follow the commentary on it because I think it's usually nothing but puffery. But we will take appropriate action where we deem it appropriate.
Ed Aaron - RBC Capital Markets: Thanks, and then one quick follow up. The comment about shipments having lagged consumption in the quarter, is that just because you shipped ahead of consumption in Q1, or is this something that should reverse in a positive way in the third quarter.
Bill Johnson: No, I think it's primarily because of the Walmart situation in Q1 on ketchup and some Smart Ones pickup in Q1. So I certainly wouldn't read into it that you should expect a big pop in the third quarter as a function of catching up. I think I'm hoping the exception to that is going to be sweet potato fries, where we did have a significant supply issue in the second quarter. And based on our trends and the strength of the SKUs I think you'll see some pickup there. But I think generally it's a function more of promotion timing and the split between the first and second quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Palmer.
David Palmer - UBS: My question, I guess, follows up on some of those other questions about pricing. I can't help but see your outlook standing in contrast to a lot of these grain-based packaged food companies that have seen a sharp decrease in effectiveness in their promotions of their categories. And they're seeing greater price shocks from the grains themselves than you're seeing in your basket, which seems to be a lot more balanced and diverse. So the 3% outlook on your basket, you're doing better than that, and arguably you sell a little bit more expensive calories to the consumer. It doesn't seem like from what you're laying out here that you're expecting, nor really pitching here, that you're going to take a more aggressive stance on price or reduction in promotions in the medium term. But maybe I'm looking at that wrong.
Bill Johnson: No, I would never say that David. [Laughter.] I certainly think as I pointed out that if deal spinning's a bit ahead of last year in the second quarter and year-to-date, and we're going to be flat across the year where I think we're going to be plus or minus 10 basis points, then I think you should assume in the second half we're going to be less aggressive from a G&A standpoint.  You know, pricing decisions, I think people who talk about pricing decisions in the public domain are airheads. I think the reality is you can't make decisions in a vacuum. You have to make decisions based on the strength of your brand. You have to make decisions based on the innovation pipeline you've got. You have to make decisions based on the cost profile of the businesses affected. You have to make decisions based on the strength of the brand and the positions you have in the marketplace. And we will be selective as we look at opportunities. But I am clearly not going to articulate for a broad audience what our pricing strategy has been.  I just gave you a pretty good sense that the last four years we have netted price in each of the last four fiscal years better than 2-2.5% on an annualized basis. Some of that's driven by emerging markets in response to inflation. Some of it's driven by developed markets in response to opportunities. Clearly, for example, Dip & Squeeze is a more-expensive product than pouch, and as we've launched Dip & Squeeze we'll obviously get some mix pick-up in terms of the price value of that on a single tradeoff between pouch.  So those are the things we continue to look at, and I'm not trying to denigrate or besmirch anybody else. I've been in this job a long time and I've seen these discussions come and go over time, and I am a believer that you do what's right for your shareholders and for your employees, and for your brands on an individual basis. And that's the way we evaluate it.  But I want to be clear. I'm not saying we're going to take price. I'm not saying we're not going to take price. I'm saying to you that we evaluate the opportunities going forward to create value for our brands and our shareholders, and we look at those on an individual basis and sometimes we see opportunities, and other times we don't. But we're incredibly careful about it given the elasticities and given the markets we operate in.
David Palmer - UBS: And is there a comment you could make about - in some of your major categories, particularly the U.S., are you seeing the type of behavior from your competition about price that you would expect at this point, given the outlook on costs. Are folks what you would call rational at this point?
Bill Johnson: I come from the Bobby Knight school of coaching. [Laughter.] And Bobby Knight always had a philosophy if my team plays this game I don't care what the other guys do. And so from my perspective, and I'm not trying to be flip or a smart guy, I just worry about what I think we can do in the businesses where I think pricing would be available to us, and where I think we have a sufficient trail of innovations to support and warrant that among the consumers. The consumer is very fickle today. I see it in my own household. Consumers are being very selective and very prudent. And we're certainly going to reflect the consumer's behavior. I don't care what competitors do. I care what consumers do, because I want to know how consumers are going to react to what I do, and we're blessed in this company with great brands. We're very concentrated with 15 brands doing better than 70% of our business. So we can make very selective decisions against pricing as we see them relate to the Heinz company and as we look for opportunities ourselves to continue to optimize value for the multiple constituents we operate and sell to.
Meg Nollen: We're running out of time here. We've got a lot of you in queue, so if we could take some quick questions to wrap up.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jonathan Feeney of Janney Montgomery. Please proceed.
Jonathan Feeney - Janney Montgomery: You guys almost didn't get a chance to besmirch some of my puffery. [Laughter.]
Bill Johnson: That's quite all right Jonathan. I'll be happy to besmirch your puffery if you'd like me to. I can understand how people on the outside perceive things, but again we have a very long track record in this company of doing the things that are right for our businesses, and we evaluate that, and so rather than make this broad-based statement, which I think is dangerous, and frankly I don't think is necessarily relevant, we try to be very selective. But more importantly, I don't think it's appropriate to talk about pricing strategy in a global environment.
Jonathan Feeney - Janney Montgomery: Well let me be very specific, then, Bill. The United States consumer, we just went through this. Cost inflation doesn't drive the pricing outlook. I totally agree. It's a product by product value proposition question. But it does change the economics of private label. It changes the economics of retailers, and it changes the economics of the household. So my specific question would be, when you look at the consumer environment right now, just starting to see some cost inflation in some categories, just starting to see IRI pricing across the store, certainly in some of the commodity businesses, come up after a period of coming down. How is this different than the period of '06-'07 when costs were going up with unemployment lower? I think that's the key question. Is it different? Does the consumer -
Bill Johnson: - how will the consumer react?
Jonathan Feeney - Janney Montgomery: Exactly. How does the retailer react right now?
Bill Johnson: The consumer reacts to innovation. Take Dip & Squeeze versus a pouch of ketchup. We know how the consumer is going to react to Dip & Squeeze, and yet the customer is going to pay more for Dip & Squeeze than they pay for pouch ketchup, because it's a premier, superior product, that gives them three times as much product as a pouch, has got enormous innovation and enormous appeal to consumers. So we know that. We know, for example, consumers have been prepared to pay for Simply Heinz, because they want to make the tradeoff between fructose and sugar.  So there's a select group of consumers that will make that tradeoff. We know, for example, that consumers in China on baby food will pay more for products that they perceive as premium products that offer benefits from a nutritional aspect to their children that other products don't make.  We know, for example, U.K. consumers are going to pay more for fridge pack beans because fridge pack beans solves a major problem, much as steam and mash did in the United States, and that major problem is, and you'll see it in the advertising, you open a typical refrigerator in the U.K. and you will see beans piled in jars, plates, paper plates, paper cups, glasses, tin cans, half a cans, plastic jars, whatever it may be. And now they have a resealable package that allows them to put it in the refrigerator, use it whenever they want. It stays fresh for five or six days, and so we know they'll pay for that.  I think you have to keep in mind that it varies significantly by product, and it varies significantly by the opportunities on each of those products. But consumers have made tradeoffs, and consumers will make a tradeoff to a product that adds value. I think marketers' job is to create added value. We always talk about value, but I think we have to change the definition of value from a consumer aspect. We have to ensure that we're enhancing the levels of innovation we take to consumers, so that the consumer becomes indifferent to whether or not he or she is paying a higher price because he's getting added value.  So my view of a marketer's job is it's to create new value, and price is an aspect of that value as is package quality, product quality, sustainability, all sorts of things. And you'll see a lot of innovation in this company in the second half of the year that I think reflects that. And I'm not trying to be obstreperous and I'm certainly not trying to be contumacious [laughter], but I just think it's important that you understand that I have very specific philosophies about pricing.  And as all of you know I'm not shy with my opinions. It sometimes gets me in trouble [laughter] but sometimes I just give you my view. You ask me a question I give you my view, and if I hurt anybody's feelings I apologize. I'm a coach's son. I never remember my dad walking into a team meeting and saying "Now, fellas, if you would please do this I would be very appreciative." I remember him walking into the meeting and saying "Get your tail off the chair and get on the field." So you have to excuse me if I've offended anybody.
Jonathan Feeney - Janney Montgomery: Your verisimilitude is appreciated Bill. [Laughter.]
Bill Johnson: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Terry Bivens of JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Terry Bivens - JPMorgan: Bill, as luck would have it today I'm out with a company that actually is doing extremely well in China. So I just wanted - I know you're placing a lot of emphasis there, and I think that's certainly the right thing to do. How big is the Chinese business now, and what do you think investors can reasonably expect from you guys in China as we move through the next call it, say, three to five years.
Bill Johnson: It's a very good question, Terry. Let me put it to you this way. One third of our employees are now in China. One third. We have 12 manufacturing facilities. We have a baby food business that's growing very rapidly. The Food Star business gives us entre into the heart and soul of this company, which is condiments and sauces. It is doing very well. It gives us a base with the [inaudible] product which is 25% of the total soy sauce market in China, which is about a $2 billion market and growing at about 7-8%. But [inaudible] is growing at twice that rate, 16-17%. Food Star has a 50% market share of that and Fujian and Guangdong provinces. Art and I are heading there in the next couple of weeks. We're building a new factory in Shanghai, which will allow us to hit out of the south and go into the more northern markets where the business really hasn't expanded yet. I mean, I'm very enthused about China.  Having said that, China is one of a number of markets for us that's very important in the future. India, our Indian business, is growing rapidly. Our Indonesian business is extremely well-positioned. We're looking at opportunities in other markets. And I can tell you this, given the opening, beyond China we are seeing more M&A opportunities in the emerging markets than I've seen in the last 13 years. And we are busy.  And I think in the context of that we will go where opportunities take us and where we believe we can make a difference. We think Food Star is one of those opportunities. We're very enthused about it. We've put a young man in charge of the business that actually comes out of our Russian team, who was very instrumental in building that Russian ketchup and sauces business. He has gone in there. We've put a good management team in place already.  So China for us in the next couple or three or four years ought to be two times what it was, say, last year, if not more. And I think China continues to be the growth engine, along with India and I don't think we can forget India, over the foreseeable future because there's two and a half billion people in those countries. Eventually there's going to be a massive emergence of the middle class, and while they'll always have periods of dislocation and difficulty, the reality is, as I said in my comments and I've said all along, the CPG industry in the future will be very dependent on China, India, parts of Latin America, and probably parts of Eastern Europe, because they're simply not going to see the growth in the mature markets in the West that we've seen.  We are well-positioned. We've got three good teams now in charge of our business in China. We've got 12 manufacturing facilities. Our supply chain people are spending an enormous amount of time. We just moved a young guy out of our U.S. business in supply chain to run some of the factories over there. We're putting expertise in place. We're looking at systems and processes, possibly before we get to Keystone over there, to integrate the business and allow us to capture the opportunity from a benchmarking standpoint. I'm very enthused about china, but you should not misinterpret that as China is just the road paved with gold. There are going to be difficulties in China, and we'll navigate them as we have in the past. But it is clearly a place a CPG company that is going to be successful has to work.
Terry Bivens - JPMorgan: And one quick thing. I don't think you're subject to - you know they've been talking about price controls over there, but my understanding is that probably doesn't apply to you, certainly in the infant formula. But is there anything else we need to worry about in that vein that you've heard?
Bill Johnson: I don't want to comment on price controls other than to say that historically they've never proven very effective and we'll see. But I think most of the things they're talking about from a price control standpoint are raw materials and raw commodity products that work through the stores. They've got some issues in other areas. I am not aware of anything today, Terry, but I want to say that I'm not aware of anything today. And again, I'll be there the Monday after Thanksgiving. Art and I are heading over there and a number of Asian countries and meeting with our teams.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Andrew Lazar of Barclay's Capital. Please proceed.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: I think my vocabulary needs a little bit of work after listening to this call. [Laughter.] I guess two quick things because I know we're running short on time. First, how much of your 3-4% full year sales guidance is helped by the Food Star deal? I want to get a sense of how much that's contributing to the 3-4% and what that means for what you'd consider organic sales growth for the year. 
Bill Johnson: As I answered earlier, we've never said 3-4% would be organic. We said 3-4% would be constant currency, and Food Star will contribute to it for the second half of the year. I don't know off the top of my head. I can't give you a precise number. But it's certainly maybe 30 basis points, somewhere in there. Maybe a little more, but a lot of depends on how much we grow Food Star also.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: And then you talked about lower lifts or returns on some of the promotional spend, and certainly others have too, and you're going to be a little more balanced or thoughtful about it going into the back half of your fiscal year. You had some experience with this last year, right, where in the beginning of your fiscal year you were a little less aggressive, volume weakened a bit and you ramped it up a bit with the CVP in the back half. I guess what's different this time, or what have you learned from that experience that makes you more comfortable with that strategy this time in feeling reasonably okay about where volume will come out given previous experience?
Bill Johnson: We're not getting returns. It's really that simple. We're just not seeing the kinds of lifts you would historically associate with the kinds of deal spending that we've implemented in parts of our U.S. business and parts of our western European business.  Secondly, I think, as we evaluate where to best put our marketing to get the maximum returns it's not necessarily in some of those businesses from a deal standpoint. It's in some of the emerging market consumer businesses. And in the case of the emerging markets some of [inaudible] trade where we still have distribution voids and we think can get more response for our dollars.  And then third, it's a function of at this point in time and that point in time could change six, nine months from now. But at this point in time we're just not getting the kind of response that I would have liked to have seen from the consumer in our businesses where we deal aggressively or where we merchandise aggressively, and I think we had pretty good experience with this on ketchup from the first quarter of this year. And while we got some lifts by bringing other people in, we also loaded a few pantries. Im just not sure it's the way you create value for the consumer. The consumers have become far more sophisticated in looking for value, and again that's why we're focused. As I've said on Smart Ones all along, we continue to be focused on innovation. And premiumization is really related to innovation, and we if we do our job there we'll be okay.  But you never say never and things change at halftime and things change at the end of the third quarter, and sometimes you do things that you didn't think you would do and other times you adjust. But we tend to be a company that's pretty adept at adjusting on the fly. So what we're doing is adjusting here on the fly because we're simply not getting the kind of response.
Art Winkleblack: And having said that, you've seen our share performance in some of the big developed markets. So shares are still quite strong. And so to Bill's point we continue to adjust and adapt and hopefully do the right thing to drive share growth as best we can. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Growe of Stifel Nicolaus. Please proceed.
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: If I could just ask two quick ones. My question was are you seeing the proper returns from advertising as well? So as you pull back on promotion, are you putting more money into advertising? And are you getting the proper return from that money, I guess in the right markets?
Bill Johnson: The answer to that is yes. And it, again, we're going to get a good test of this real quickly in the U.K. on fridge pack where the advertising is really fun advertising. It's 15 seconds, and when you see it, there's no verbiage in it. None. But it is incredibly breakthrough. We're seeing it on Ore Ida, where we advertise Ore Ida. We're seeing it on TGIF, and obviously in the emerging markets. So we're seeing a good response where we have something to say. Where we don't have anything to say we're not seeing much of a response at all. It's working very well in ketchup across Europe where we're using multiple kinds of advertising. Secret ingredient's running in the U.K. now and it's doing very well. We're getting good ketchup lifts. We're seeing grown not made still being used in Russia and other parts of Europe where we're getting good lift. So it just depends on the business, but generally we've been very selective with it and generally when we're running advertising we're seeing decent lifts, yeah.
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: And my last question would be are you taking the experience of China and infant formula and basically using that to decide if and when and in what form you'd launch it in Russia? Is there any timetable for launching it in Russia?
Bill Johnson: No, there is no time table for launching it in Russia, and yes, we are using the experience, along with conditions of the marketplace and what we would bring to that marketplace vis--vis China, where we have an incredibly strong brand in infant nutrition. And as I said, I'm speaking to a large symposium of pediatricians and health officials in China two weeks from today where we'll talk about this and we'll also talk about the Heinz micronutrient program. Again, it's going to depend on a lot of other things besides whether or not we think it would work there. And there are other markets we're also looking at.
Meg Nollen: We're really over time, guys. Make 'em quick. I'm trying to get you in.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Robert Moskow of Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: I have a short question for Bill. I'm concerned it might be a long answer though, so prepare yourself.
Bill Johnson: Then I'll keep it short. [Laughter.]
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: When I try to market Heinz stock, the emerging markets story is obviously the thing that's really changed and you've really delivered. But a lot of investors say that Nestle, Coke, Unilever, companies that have been in emerging markets for a long time and have a lot of scale is where they'd rather be. Maybe you could put it in this context. What do you think that you're doing better than the big western companies that have been there for a long time? What are your advantages, and what advantages do you think they do have over you that you think you can close the gap on.
Bill Johnson: Well let's talk about that. Let's talk about Russia for a minute. Let's talk about a business we bought about three or four years ago called Petrosoyuz. It had about 57 different kinds of brands, making up a number. And we put the Heinz brand on most of it. We are now number one in condiments and sauces. Our bean business is growing rapidly. We just became number one in baby cereals over there. What we have in Russia is a spectacular brand Russian consumers have said they want.  In the other markets we have built terrific infrastructure. None of them are as well structured as we are in Indonesia. There's 240 million people in Indonesia, depending on which census you look at and which numbers you believe, but nonetheless our business in Indonesia we have an incredible brand in ABC. That is our brand in Indonesia. It's a business that was well under $100 million when we bought it and is now pushing well over $300 million and is well structured. We have one of the best distribution reaches of anybody in Indonesia.  In India, we have a business that was $25 million or $30 million when we bought it that this year will be well north of $200 million with a brand that's growing in the upper 20s and another brand in Glucon-D that's growing almost as fast. We've got great brands, and we've got great teams, and we've got great people, and we've got great infrastructure. The other benefit to us - yes they're big, they've got a lot of scale. It's also 30-35% of their business. For us it's still only 15-17% of our business, and so as we reposition over time the impact to us given our size now and given how relatively insignificant it has been in and how significant it has become, we have huge upside in terms of what we can do.  A Food Star acquisition to us makes a big difference as we go into China, leverage our capabilities, leverage our distribution strength, leverage our reach, and then leverage our core competencies of condiments and sauces, and then take those strengths and competencies to the Food Star business. Where we double the Food Star business it has a huge impact on us overall as a company. If somebody else doubled the Food Star business it would be a pinprick in terms of the impact of their business.  So yeah, I hear this stuff on scale, but I also look at our emerging market business which over the last two or three years has generated consistent double-digit organic growth and where we continue to attract really talented people, and where we continue to build great infrastructure, great distribution, great reach, and great share results. We compete with these guys in condiments and sauces in Russia. I think we've done pretty well. We compete with these guys in baby food in China. We have the leading cereal business. I think we've done pretty well. We compete with these people in Glucon and Complan in India. I think we've done pretty well.  So I think in the context you have to keep everything in perspective and where we have chosen to operate we are operating pretty well, particularly relative to our American based peers. There's no doubt that Nestle, who I consider to be one of the great companies in the world. I think the world of its management team and I think the world of the people at Nestle. There's no doubt that they have a great deal of expertise in those markets, but so do we. And I think it's a bit besmirching, to use a word that was used earlier, of peers to denigrate the size we have in these markets because we are being very damn successful and you can't deny the results.
Art Winkleblack: And the other thing I'd point out is the operating model that we employ. We're very good at empowering the local teams to react very quickly and swiftly and proactively in the local markets. So we probably have a bit of an advantage in that regard, and that's helped drive our performance.
Bill Johnson: And I think over time, it will either prove itself or it won't, and I feel pretty good about where we're headed.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane of Bank of America. Please proceed.
Bryan Spillane - Bank of America: Just a much more micro question. Tomato costs in China, right now there's a shortage and as I understand it tomato prices are up at least 50% if not more. And they're actually difficult to get. So A, are you seeing this, B, will this impact at all your second half in the vein of what you saw in the first half with the chili shortage in Indonesia, the Ramadan shift, anything we should think about in terms of how that impacts your second half?
Bill Johnson: It will have virtually no impact on us because our tomato products business in China is very small and soy sauce is not a tomato-based product. So I think from that standpoint in China it has little impact. In Europe, it will have a minor impact because we have alternate sources for tomatoes anyway. We also have a joint venture in China with one of the leading agricultural companies and we're fully aware of this but I think from our standpoint it's virtually insignificant.
Meg Nollen: Great. Just a quick wrap up here. We want to wish everyone a very happy holiday Thanksgiving week and safe travels. Let's talk quickly about the upcoming calendar. On Wednesday, December 1, we'll be attending Citi's annual food manufacturing conference, the second annual conference, in New York Wednesday December 1. Joining me will be Mike Milone, EVP rest of world and global infant nutrition and quality as well as Dave Woodward, president of our Heinz U.K. and Ireland business. Excited to see you guys there.  On Tuesday, we'll be down at Credit Suisse consumer retail conference in Orlando, and then of course in March there's two upcoming conferences, which of course is Cagney February 24, but also the Consumer Analyst Group of Europe. We'll be making our pilgrimage across the pond on March 28, and we'll also be there the 29th. So look forward to seeing you guys. We'll be around in Investor Relations all day. Give Mary Ann or I a call - 412-456-6020. Thanks so much.

===== 2011 Q1  (2010-09-01 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Meg Nollen - SVP, IR Bill Johnson - Chairman, President and CEO Ed McMenamin - SVP, Finance
Analysts: Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley Ed Aaron - RBC Capital Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital Bryan Spillane - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch Ann Gurkin - Davenport Priya Ohri-Gupta - Barclays Capital David Palmer - UBS Terry Bivens - JPMorgan David Driscoll - Citi Investment
Operator: Good morning. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the H.J. Heinz Company's fiscal year 2011 quarter one earnings call. (Operator Instructions) I'd now like to hand the call over to Meg Nollen, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Ms. Nollen, you may begin your conference.
Meg Nollen: I'd like to welcome everyone to our conference call and webcast. Copies of the slides used in today's presentation are available on our website at heinz.com. You'll notice that our slides have a new look about them. With the start of a new fiscal year, we switched to a white background. It's easier to print and copy and uses far less ink, in line with our sustainability goals. Joining me on today's call are Bill Johnson, Chairman, President and CEO; and Ed McMenamin, Senior Vice President, Finance. Before we begin with our prepared remarks, please refer to the forward-looking statement currently displayed, which is also available in this morning's earnings release and in our most recent SEC filings. To summarize, during our presentation, we may make forward-looking statements about our business that are intended to assist you in understanding the company and its results. We ask you to refer to our April 28, 2010, Form 10-K and today's press release which lists some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in these statements. Heinz undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of a new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by securities laws. We may also use non-GAAP financial measures in our presentation as the company believes such measures allow for consistent period-to-period comparison of the business. The most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures are available on the company's earnings release and on our website at heinz.com. Please note we plan to file our first quarter 10-Q by the end of the day today. Our related financial highlights pages or stat pages are available now in the Investor Relations section of the website towards the bottom of the page. Importantly, these stat pages provide a coordinated historical restatement for discontinued operation. Now on to today's call. Bill will review Heinz strong performance and the current business climate, and Ed will provide a financial review of the quarter. Bill will return to discuss our full year outlook and offer concluding comments. Then of course we'll be available to take your questions. We'd like to request that you limit your questions during the Q&A session to one in order to ensure adequate time for all who wish to participate. With the formalities out of the way, let me now turn the call over to Bill Johnson.
Bill Johnson: Thanks, Meg, and good morning everyone. Today I will briefly review our company's solid first quarter performance since Art Winkleblack, our CFO, who typically does this call could not be with us due to an urgent family matter. And we wish Art all the best. As we reported this morning, Heinz delivered strong results in the first quarter despite a very tough economic environment. I'll have more to say about this challenging climate in a few minutes. Globally, we grew organic sales by nearly 4%, driven primarily by our 22% growth in emerging markets behind this well-positioned and winning and strong growth in ketchup. We also improved gross margins on higher productivity and net pricing, increased brand investments by almost 10% to drive growth, delivered growth of around 10% in operating income and EPS, which increased to $0.75, achieved 13% growth to net income and drove an increase in operating free cash flow of nearly 80%. Overall, Heinz is off to a good start to the year. Our results from continuing operations were event stronger on a constant currency basis as we grew sales by nearly 4%, OI almost 13% and EPS by about 15%. Foreign currencies had an unfavorable impact on sales, operating income and EPS, as Ed will discuss in a few minutes. I'm proud of the fact that Heinz is now delivering 21 consecutive quarters of organic sales growth. Emerging markets delivered 12% volume growth to lead the way for Heinz. Excluding our U.S. Foodservice business, we also delivered 2% volume growth in developed markets despite weak economies, driven by North American Consumer Products. U.S. Foodservice delivered strong profit growth, reflecting our success in simplifying the business, but sales (marred) the industry trend of lower restaurant traffic as consumers continued to dine and entertain more at home. When U.S. economy finally improves and trends in away-from-home dining turnaround, we believe our Foodservice business will return to sales growth. Importantly, emerging markets continued their accelerating momentum. It's the most powerful growth engine for Heinz, accounting for almost 18% of our total sales, a company record, and generating virtually all of our organic sales growth. Our strong growth in sales and volume was propelled by nutritional beverages in India, infant feeding in China, dynamic ketchup growth in Russia and ABC products in Indonesia where we got benefited from the timing of the Ramadan holiday. Globally, our top 15 brands also performed well, delivering nearly 6% organic sales growth, reflecting our focus on increased innovation and marketing. Our focused core categories also performed well as Heinz delivered more than 5% sales growth in both ketchup and sauces and infant/nutrition. The first quarter was also good for our flagship product, ketchup, which grew 80% organically around the world. We also achieved our highest U.S. ketchup market share in at least two years. Ketchup volume grew 7% in Europe, and we were number one in 10 of our top 12 European markets as shares continue to grow by almost 40% growth in Russian retail sales. Heinz is focused on increasing ketchup penetration significantly across Europe, as we outlined during our May analyst meeting. Overall, Heinz ketchup is now the number one brand in seven of the world's top ten ketchup markets, but we see plenty of room for growth behind our initiatives to drive trial, usage and penetration. Looking at Meals & Snacks, our Heinz delivered 2% volume growth in frozen meals and snacks, led in the U.S. by Smart Ones which gained share in the quarter. However, the nutritional entree category continues to reflect weak trends, and there is not likely to be much strength until the economy turns around. Ambient Meals & Snacks were down primarily on lower ship sales in Australia and Europe where we are seeing increased competition and category softness. Our infant nutrition category continued its growth momentum fueled by our strong brands in India, China and Russia. Our nutritional beverages in India delivered nearly 30% volume growth driven by Complan and Glucon D, and in China infant nutrition volume grew more than 30% on higher sales of jarred baby foods and baby cereals and our launch of infant formula. In Russia, Heinz infant cereal continued to grow as the number one brand. It was a solid quarter for North American consumer products with higher sales driven by volume growth of more than 5%, led by Ketchup, Smart Ones and Classico. Our strength reflected increased marketing and promotional spend in the U.S., and I was encouraged that our increased spending was effective in driving incremental sales. Turning to innovation, the launches of Smart Ones mini-cheeseburgers and breakfast entrees, Ore-Ida sweet potato fries, and new varieties of T.G.I. Fridays in the U.S. were key to our strength in Frozen. A terrific example of our leadership and innovation is Dip & Squeeze, the revolutionary dual-function ketchup package that offers U.S. consumers two convenient ways to enjoy Heinz ketchup. We believe Dip & Squeeze will drive quick-serve restaurant traffic and host food consumption benefiting our customers as well as Heinz. Dip & Squeeze is testing well in select markets and is on track for launch later this year. Across the Atlantic, we just launched an exciting innovation in Fridge Pack Beans, a very timely value solution to difficult times, given its reusable twist-top lid which allows consumers to refrigerate and enjoy the beans for up to five days after opening. Our global focus on innovation is also clearly at play in China, where we are pleased with the progress of our first Heinz infant formula launch in the world's most populated nation. Our initial focus has been on building distribution which is ahead of plan, and we expect to ramp up marketing support in the coming months. Now I'd like to spend a few minutes on several of the most important "C's" for Heinz. As you recall, we talk about the "C's" in most of our earnings calls. The "C's" I want to talk about are cash flow, currency and consumers, and we'll discuss another important "C", commodities, in a few moments. Starting with cash flow, our first quarter performance was exceptionally strong. Our nearly 80% increase in operating free cash flow was driven largely by improved operating performance and working capital management. Strong cash flow has become a Heinz hallmark that has enhanced our financial flexibility and enabled us to invest in our businesses and brands while raising the common stock dividend by 67% over seven years, including the $0.12 increase for fiscal 2011. With more than 60% of our sales generated outside the U.S., we continue to experience the impact of currency movements, which as Ed will show you, reduced our bottom line by $0.03 in the quarter. The unfavorable impact of currency in the quarter was in line with our expectations, and our forecast for the full year is still tracking with the projections that we outlined at our May meeting. Before we turn it over to Ed, I wish to remind you the adverse global economic climate and how it is impacting consumers. While Heinz is successfully navigating the challenging environment guided by our proven growth plan, we are seeing the worst economy in my 35-plus years of CPG experience. Whether it's a single-dip or double-dip recession, the fact is that consumer confidence has not returned. Although Heinz has continued to deliver growth in this recession, especially in emerging markets, the near term economic outlook for the U.S. and Europe remains pretty dreary, marked by high unemployment and low consumer confidence. As a result, I believe many consumers have gone into what I like to term as 'economic hibernation', eating at home more often, eating out less, reducing spending and worrying more about the future. Despite this environment, Heinz had a solid first quarter, and we remain on track to meet our fiscal 2011 outlook. However, we cannot take success for granted and we'll be vigilantly focused on productivity, spend management, emerging market opportunities and ketchup growth as ways of overcoming the effects of this daunting environment. We are all going to have to work smarter and harder to sustain growth in this unrelenting recession. Now I will turn it over to Ed to walk you through our strong financial results.
Ed McMenamin: I'm pleased to take you through our Q1 results, which showed solid improvement in all of our key financial metrics despite the challenging global economic conditions. Looking first at EPS, since currency and last year's discontinued operations that had an impact on our comparisons, I'll start with three key perspectives on our results. First, we think it's helpful to look at the results on a constant currency basis, which continues to be an important measure to focus on, given the volatility of foreign exchange. I'd like to point out that our constant currency definition only includes translation and related hedges. We no longer include any transaction currency impacts. Constant currency EPS was $0.78, up almost 15% versus last year. Our current favorable results were impacted by about $0.03 from unfavorable currency. These were largely due to the euro and the pound as well as the devaluation in Venezuela, which occurred at the end of the third quarter last year. Reported EPS from continuing operations was $0.75, up more than 10% from prior year. And finally, including the one set unfavorable impact from discontinued operations last year, total company reported EPS was up $0.08 or 12%. Now, let me focus on our P&L scorecard. We delivered improvement in every metric on both the reported and constant currency basis. Net sales grew by 1.6%. And on a constant currency basis, it was up 3.7%, well within our 3% to 4% target for the year. The organic growth was 2.5% volume improvement and 1.1% increase from pricing. Our focus on gross margin is paying off, with an improvement of 90 basis points to 36.6%. Productivity improvements are the main driver here, which along with higher pricing and favorable mix has been able to overcome increased commodity cost. In addition, the gross margin comparison benefited from the $7 million in productivity charges we took last year. We continue to increase our investment in consumer marketing, particularly in emerging markets in Europe, with an overall 12% increase on a constant currency basis. Operating income increased to 9.9% on a reported basis and 12.6% on a constant currency basis. This was driven by gross profit, as the net impact of SG&A expenses and marketing were flat to prior year. At $0.75, EPS was up 10.3% on a reported basis and 14.7% on a constant currency basis. Our higher operating income along with lower effective tax rates offset lower interest income and an increase in our shares outstanding. I'll now take keep you abreast from reported to constant currency results. This chart summarizes the impact currencies had on our results, which is less significant than we saw last year, but nevertheless a headwind of 2% on sales and 4% at EPS. Stripping out the impacts from both translation and translation hedges from both years, EPS was unfavorably impacted by $0.03, $0.02 from translation and $0.01 from the hedges. At the topline, we've had pluses and minuses for most of the currencies around the world that virtually offset, leaving the $15 million reduction from Venezuela's devaluation flowing through to our reported results. Looking at several important currencies for us, the pound and the euro have experienced some downward trend since the end of last calendar year with average Q1 rates below last year by 7% and 10% respectively. In Venezuela, the government's devaluation in January cut the exchange rate in half. On the positive side, the Australian dollar has appreciated, and the average is almost 10% better than last year's Q1 rates, but on a much lower sales and profit based in Europe. Turning to the P&L, I'll focus on a few of the items that were not on the scorecard. Gross profit exceeded $900 million, up 7% on a constant currency basis. SG&A was flat on a constant currency basis and improved 70 basis points as a percentage of sales. Last year, we funded about $9 million in productivity charges in Q1, which grew savings in selling and distribution this year. The SG&A savings enabled us to increase marketing, while the full gross profit improvement dropped through to operating income. I'll go deeper on the drivers of sales and operating income on the next two slides, so I'll cover the activity below operating income here. Net interest and other expenses are up $13 million partially due to last year's gain on the total return swap of $20 million and the cost of the translation hedges I mentioned earlier. These were partially offset by lower interest rates this year. The company's 25.3% effective tax rate for the quarter was favorable 320 basis points primarily due to increased benefits from foreign tax planning and the statutory rate reduction in the U.K. We still expect the annual tax rate to be about 28%, the same as last year's rate. Now let's take a deeper look at sales. As I said, the first quarter delivered organic sales growth of 3.6%, volume improvements for the largest contributor, up 2.5%. Volume drivers included our emerging markets up 12% this quarter as well as the U.S. and U.K. retail businesses. These were partially offset by declines in U.S. Foodservice and Australia. Net pricing is contributing less towards sales growth than last year as we now have that the majority of the pricing we took to offset commodity inflation. Overall, pricing increased sales by 1.1%, as price increases in emerging markets, particularly Latin America and U.S. Foodservice, were partially offset by increased trade promotions in the U.S. and U.K. retail businesses. Foreign exchange translation rates reduced sales by 2.1%. Acquisitions had little impact on sales for the quarter. However, the company singed an agreement to acquire Foodstar, a manufacturer of soy sauces and fermented bean curd in China. This acquisition is subject to regulatory approval and other customer conditions of closing and an another step towards our strategy to accelerate in our emerging markets. Turning to net sales performance by segment, you can see that the segments containing the majority of our emerging markets, Asia/Pacific and Rest of World performed extremely well, along with our North American consumer products segment. North American product sales grew 2.6% organically wit a 5.3% increase in volume, which was partially offset by a 2.7% price decline to increase promotional activities around our consumer value program, which drove 7% volume in the United States. In total, reported NACP sales were almost 5% up, including the 0.3% contribution from the Arthur's of Canada at a 1.7% favorable impact from Canadian exchange rates. European sales were roughly flat on an organic basis, which we believe is a relatively good performance given the environment in the region. Reported sales declined almost 8% due to the 7.5% unfavorable impact from foreign exchange. Volume increased 0.2% due to the strong ketchup performance across Europe, particularly in Russia it was offset by softness in soup. Net pricing decreased 0.4% as a result of increased promotional activities across most of the region. In the Asia/Pacific segment, organic sales grew 9.3% with a 6.9% increase in volume and 2.4% pricing improvement. This growth was driven by the emerging markets of Indonesia, India and China; while Australia remains a tough market with intense competitive activity. Total reported sales for Asia/Pac increased by 19% including a 9.7% favorable impact from foreign currency. U.S. Foodservice continues to face softness from the restaurant industry, this factor along with our pruning of lower margin stews has resulted in overall sales decline of 2.3% with 5.1% through the volume. However, pricing was favorable, up 2.8% largely due to prior increases on Heinz Ketchup, and tomato products to offset commodity and delivery costs. The Rest of World segment increased 24.3% on an organic basis and 20.5% price increase, primarily in Latin America. Volume increased 3.8% driven by the Middle East new products, geographic expansion and increased marketing and promotions. This was partially offset by volume declines in Latin America. Reported sales for the segment were down 12.6% with foreign exchange translation rates, particularly the devaluation in Venezuela, decreasing sales almost 37%. As I noted earlier, gross margin increased 90 basis points to 36.6% on a reported basis, and improved 110 basis points on a constant currency basis. The major factor behind the increase was productivity improvements along with higher pricing which offset higher commodity costs. During Q1, we saw market prices rise approximately 5% primarily behind dairy and resins. However, favorable contract pricing allowed to keep our net inflation to below 1%. We expect that the inflationary impact of dairy and packaging for the remainder of the year will be offset by favorable cost for tomatoes and potatoes which we will see coming through the P&L in the coming quarter, as this year's crop moves through the supply chain. Based on these trends, we're maintaining the estimates we provided in May of market increases of approximately 2% and a net impact to us even less. Turning to Operating Income by segment, North American consumer products grew 3.7% as productivity improvements and favorable volumes more than offset increased commodity costs and trade promotion investments. Excluding the favorable impact from foreign exchange, NACPs operating income increased almost 2%. Europe's results were down 2% on a constant currency basis, stripping out the 8.4% impact of currency translation. Gross margin improved this quarter as a result of productivity and improved mix, despite higher commodity costs, while we invested more in marketing and G&A. Our G&A investments include Project Keystone, and I'm pleased to say our Benelux business has successfully gone live on SAP just last week, another step in our global rollout of Project Keystone. Although we are not adjusting for the U.K. cross-rate currency impact on our cost and currency results this year, without that, operating income on a constant currency would have been positive for the quarter in Europe. Asia/Pacific segment's operating income was up 35% on a reported basis and 22% on a constant currency basis, driven by both topline and bottomline performance in the emerging markets. Within the Asian emerging markets, Indonesia had a particularly strong quarter aided by holiday timing training and new products. We expect them to continue to drive top-line growth throughout the year, but they will face substantial increases in chili and sugar costs next quarter due to temporary local supply constraints. U.S. Foodservice operating income continued its dramatic improvement, up 24%. Pricing and productivity, driven by business simplification more than offset higher commodity costs, particularly for packaging. We will continue to focus on productivity, while we weather the softness in the overall Foodservice industry. Finally, the Rest of World segment delivered great results this quarter, up 41% on a constant currency basis, but the devaluation of Venezuela caused the reported results to be down 12%. Now let's move to the balance sheet scorecard. Capital expenditures of $56 million were 2.2% of sales, up 20 basis points from the prior year, while our full year estimate remains at about 3% of sales. Our first quarter cash conversion cycle was 44 days, down five days from the prior year. And operating free cash flow showed significant improvement from last year, up $96 million. Net debt to EBITDA improved 0.5 times, driven by both higher profit and lower net debt. Finally, ROIC was 19%, up 80 basis points from this time last year. This excludes the impact of losses from discontinued operations of about 80 basis points. Quick Operating Working Capital was favorable $100 million and CCC better by five days with progress on all three components. Receivables accounted for two days of the improvement, which is primarily due to the impact of our accounts receivable securitization program. We achieved a one day improvement in inventories, as we maintain our focus on a more efficient supply chain. Finally, the cash payable improved three days. The decrease in net debt was a result of our outstanding cash flow performance throughout last year, which continued into the Q1 of this year. As I mentioned earlier, operating free cash flow was up almost $100 million from Q1 of last year. Higher profits and improved QOWC management drove most of the progress, while the net of reduced pension funding and lower proceeds from our Receivables Securitization program accounted for about one third of the improvement. Finally, dividends reflect the 7.1% increase we announced in June. In summary, we are pleased with our excellent performance again this quarter. Our ability to continue driving and executing our strategies and improving productivity have resulted in continued growth. With that I'll now turn it over to Bill for a few final comments.
Bill Johnson: Now let me quickly wrap up. As I outlined yesterday at our annual shareholder meeting, we are reaffirming the full year expectations for fiscal 2011 that I announced on May 27 at our analyst day. On a constant currency basis, we expect sales growth of 3% to 4% and operating income and EPS growth of 7% to 10%. We also expect to deliver operating free cash flow of more than $1 billion for the second straight year. Here are a few more details about the rest of the year as we see it. First, our Q1 marketing was up almost 10%. I still expect full year marketing to approximate that of fiscal 2010. Second, we plan to accelerate investments for the rest of the year, ramping up the second quarter for initiatives like Project Keystone significantly. This will increase productivity by harmonizing global processes and systems. Third, after posting an effective tax rate of 25.3% in Q1, as Ed said, we still expect the full year rate to be around 28%. And finally we expect shares outstanding to be slightly higher than last year. Reflecting these factors, and while I really do not like providing quarterly guidance, I would anticipate that Q2 will mirror our first quarter profit with slightly higher earnings in the third and fourth quarters. In summary, we are off to a really good start in a very difficult environment. Our business fundamentals are healthy, our people are executing extremely well, and we continue to focus on the things that will make the difference as we work to generate high quality earnings and strong cash flow. Now I'll turn the call over to Meg, and we'll open it up for your questions.
Meg Nollen: Just wanted to let everyone know that Heinz will be presenting at the Barclays Back-To-School Conference on September 8th at 2.15 pm. We hope to see you there, and if you can't make it please dial in to Heinz.com for the webcast. So with that, we'd be happy to take your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews of Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: I guess my question would just be, in the quarter, one of your largest customers was running some substantial promotions, and we were hearing, and I think most people were, in ketchup that was of no cost to you. Could you just discuss how that affected your sales and your volume and how that might impact sales in the balance of the year in terms of will there be some getting back or anything?
Bill Johnson: I think overall, you got to remember that organic ketchup sales for the quarter were up about 8%, 7% volume growth in Europe. So this was all not a function of that large customer that you're referring to. I think with that large customer, we saw a couple of things happen; one, our share in our large customer rose precipitously, much of which was due to pulling retail volume away from competitors, not from Heinz. Additionally, our retail businesses did pretty well, as you could see by our market shares which grew. I think it's fair to look at it, if you want to get into the detail, about a quarter of the U.S. retail volume increase came from the incremental Wal-Mart volumes. So let me repeat that. About a quarter of the U.S. retail volume increase came from incremental Wal-Mart volume for the quarter. And as we told you once before, our case rate to the customer did not change. And so, I think generally, we felt that we came out of it pretty well. We saw again, huge competitive shifts to our business as noted in our share of that large customer, and our retail businesses continue to do pretty well. But also, Smart Ones, Classico, and our other businesses had a terrific quarter. And then more encouragingly was, we grew 7% volume in ketchup in Europe. So just generally, our ketchup business globally is doing extremely well.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ed Aaron of RBC Capital.
Ed Aaron - RBC Capital: Actually I just wanted to follow up on the prior question if I could. I was wondering about it, did you see other retailers follow suit, and sponsors and promotions of their own on ketchup? And then should we be at all concerned about, if any pull-forward of demand from the second quarter here and how that might affect volume in just the very near term?
Bill Johnson: A couple of comments on that. First, no, we did not see that program replicated at many other customers. Although, remember, in the first quarter we see a lot of the Memorial Day activity and the July 4 activity. So we do get promotion activity as we try to work through the major holidays, which are big ketchup consumption and users' time. So while we did not see it replicated, we had a very strong quarter from the perspective of retail merchandising, and that's why our shares were so good. I think on the second quarter, time will tell and we'll see how we go through the quarter, but again, a great percentage of the incremental volume we picked up came from competitors. We saw a significant shift from private label and other branded competitors, from retail to Wal-Mart in order to buy Heinz ketchup at a Dollar. And one of the things it does show is, in our mind and the thing we always balance against is the power of that brand priced competitively. And so it's something we continue to balance against. But again, I want to say very clearly that a great deal of the incremental pickup came from competitors outside of retail that moved in to buy the product on especially Wal-Mart, and our retail business did well behind our July 4 and Memorial Day promotions.
Ed Aaron - RBC Capital: One quick follow-up, just on the gross margin, you're tracking a bit above your full year guidance which I think was for about 50 basis points. You did mention plans to accelerate some investments. Is it fair to assume that those investments show up on the gross margin lie in that, and that's why we should mix that upside on that line item for the full year, because I don't think the inflation outlook changes much over the balance of the year, if I heard correctly?
Ed McMenamin: I don't think my comments mentioned that we didn't expect upside in gross margin for the year. So I still think we feel pretty solid about a 50 basis point to a 100 basis point improvement in gross margin this year. And the investments are going to be fairly significant, and they will primarily hit us at the SG&A line for investments in Project Keystone based on the successful rollout we've experienced in the Benelux we'll continue to push rapidly on that. But our gross margins for the year should be in line or better than we said at the May meeting, and offset somewhat by the incremental SG&A that I expect us to get this year as we ramp up to roll out on Keystone.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Growe of Stifel Nicolaus.
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: In this quarter, if you look at the shipping of the infant formula in China, was that a meaningful factor in kind of your emerging market volume or even your volume growth in China?
Bill Johnson: No. It surely contributed to line growth in China, but it was not a meaningful factor at all in the overall emerging market performance. In fact, I wouldn't expect it to become a meaningful factor until probably a latter part of this fiscal year. Now, we're starting to ramp up some in September, but really October, November. It surely contributed in China but it was not material to the emerging market performance for the quarter.
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: And then do you have any, kind of a better look at the transaction benefit now between the Pound and euro. Is that looking to be positive for the year if you use the current rates?
Ed McMenamin: Well, the first quarter is an unfavorable comparison to last year. After that we think we're going to be pretty close. The reason why we pulled it out of our constant currency measures that for this year, it will be relatively small impact. Still looks slightly unfavorable but not the $40 million and $50 million figures that we are seeing the last two years.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Eric Katzman of Deutsche Bank.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: I guess, this is a quick follow up to Chris' question, Bill, do you think that we have to give up on the $0.20 of profit that you've lost given the cross rate.
Bill Johnson: I don't know that we say we have to give up on it, Eric. But we're certainly not seeing it coming back in droves right now. I mean remember, there's two components to that cross rate. You've got the dollar Pound cross rate impact in terms of transaction, and you've got the Euro, Pound cross rate impact. And we are obviously not seeing the pick up in the dollar-pound cross rate impact in terms of transaction and you've got the euro-pound cross rate impact and we're obviously not seeing the pick up in the dollar-pound cross rate that we would have hoped for. We are seeing some in the euro and they pretty much balance each other. My perspective is until you see the euro-pound cross probably the 80 may be 81 decile and get down into the upper 70s where it was a couple of years ago and until you see $1 come back against the pound or the pound come back against the $1 to $1.60-plus level, we'll see some gradual incremental improvement. But we are not going to see a full return to picking that up.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Switching over to the Foodservice business, a couple of question around that. I noticed that you highlighted that you've won more McDonald's business. So congratulations on that. And I guess you're continuing to circle the U.S. The U.S. is the biggest market. Is it possible for you to, especially given the lower cost base, with the restructuring in U.S. Foodservice? Is it possible to quantify, kind of what it could mean if you were to take over McDonalds in the U.S., and then, given that there is $0.99 ketchup out there, do you think that there was any, let's say family dining, as supposed to a QSR. But like family dining that may have gone over to Wall-mart and purchased ketchup product there rather than ordering through table top food service account?
Bill Johnson: May be very little, but let me break out foodservice sales to give you some perspective. Our ketchup organic growth, well we actually had organic growth in ketchup and foodservice in the first quarter, we're up between 3% and 4% organically on ketchup in Q1. The big hit on foodservice in the first quarter was primarily Frozen Deserts and Frozen Soups. Frozen Desserts related to some special one-off promotions we had last year with the couple of key customers that we do not repeat this year. And some softness in the mid-tier restaurant chains and the same thing with frozen soups. So if you sort of bifurcate the foodservice business, our ketchup business actually had a pretty decent quarter in U.S. foodservice and it was really pulled down by the frozen businesses, predominantly Frozen Desserts. In terms of the McDonalds question, Eric, I mean how many angels can dance on the head of a pen? I want to be very careful with my answer there, because while we pick up there business outside the United States, it's been a difficult slog force in the U.S. to try to get traction outside of Pittsburgh and Minneapolis. I can say this to you without terrible quantification, I would be a meaningful impact to the company's foodservice business in the United States from both a topline and potentially form a profit standpoint. Obviously, the question will always be at what cost did you provide to get that business. But it clearly is something we continue to strive for, clearly is something that would have a material benefit to the organizations. And clearly is on radar for us to keep pushing. We now have a lot of our business outside the United States. We have a great working relationship with them. We'll start shipping the products in Asia towards the latter of part of this fiscal year. So I think we just continue to push ahead and prove to them that we can be the kind of partner that they can be proud of and that they can depend on. And once we then crack that, then I can be a lot more specific. But it clearly we would have a benefit to company's foodservice business.
Meg Nollen: And for those that they didn't see that in the release, you might want to extend on the new business.
Bill Johnson: It depends on the business but we picked up ketchup in number of markets. And then we picked up ketchup and toppings in a number of other markets in Asia. We are adding capacity, which I think we mentioned at the analyst day meeting. Although I don't recall, we are adding capacity in both Indonesia and in China, to address the incremental volume needs that we anticipate. We will ramp up and start shipping this product again towards the latter part of this fiscal year. And so we should have virtually a full years benefit in fiscal '12 from most of this. There'll be a couple of markets where we slowly move in behind whoever it is we are replacing. And so now we have a big piece of the business in Canada, Russia, Western Europe and the Asian region. and we continue to talk to them about other opportunities.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow of Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow : I know you don't like to give quarterly guidance, but you kind of did. But operating profit flat, quarter-to-quarter, and then the tax rate is going to be higher too. So I think consensus numbers are a little high for second quarter. Can you give us a sense of just fundamentally though, is there anything that you think will be different in the October quarter versus the July quarter? Will sales be a little bit weaker because of the comparisons to the ketchup promotion in the July quarter? Is there anything in the next three months that you're doing in the market that's anything different from the July quarter, just in terms of what you're doing with consumers.
 Credit Suisse: I know you don't like to give quarterly guidance, but you kind of did. But operating profit flat, quarter-to-quarter, and then the tax rate is going to be higher too. So I think consensus numbers are a little high for second quarter. Can you give us a sense of just fundamentally though, is there anything that you think will be different in the October quarter versus the July quarter? Will sales be a little bit weaker because of the comparisons to the ketchup promotion in the July quarter? Is there anything in the next three months that you're doing in the market that's anything different from the July quarter, just in terms of what you're doing with consumers.
Bill Johnson: No, I don't think ketchup has any impact on what I've said. I think the impact came from a couple of things. We're going to get a significant hit in Indonesia from the rising cost of chilies and sugar. We're having very difficult time even procuring chilies enough to support our chilly sauce products in Indonesia. So we've now resolved that problem. It's going to be towards the latter part of the quarter, beginning in next quarter that we're sort of out of woods on the chilly and sugar issue in Indonesia. The chilly issue was a big issue for us, as they had a significant crop failure. The second thing is that you're going to see a significant ramp up in SG&A in the second quarter, to fund some of the keystone initiatives as we are very encouraged, I hope prematurely so, we're very encouraged by the success we had in the ramp up in the Benelux. And we're going to continue to accelerate those efforts including looking heavily in the United States and in other European markets as we push that ahead; that will be a significant investment in Q2 in SG&A. And then I think the third thing is, we will continue to ramp up the launch of infant/nutrition in China. You'll see some incremental spending behind the infant/nutrition in March in that quarter. And then obviously, the Ramadan timing, with Ramadan coming back into the first quarter and now the second quarter will have somewhat of an impact on our volume. And then we've got some FX issues in the second quarter. And then obviously you mentioned the tax rate, but generally what I would like to say is the fundamentals of our business are sound, and frankly in this economy very sound. But I just want everybody to be careful and let us not get terribly euphoric about the continuation of our great performance. And believe me, first quarter was a darn good quarter on top of the four great quarters we had last year. But I just think we're trying to be cautious as we approach the rest of this year. And so there is a lot of, sort of small items that add up to bigger items in Q2. Ed, do you have anything you want to add.
Ed McMenamin: Again, just with the timing we're still very confident for the full year outlook, 3% to 4% topline growth, 7% to 10% overall in EPS growth.
Meg Nollen: And I think Art had added at analyst day the incremental spend on our keystone project, is about $35 million this year. So that launched at the end of July and you'll see that ramp for the rest of the year.
Bill Johnson: You'll see a pretty significant spending in Q2 behind keystone. Remember, we just ramped up Benelux on August 23. So the bulk of that expenditure is going to hit us in Q2. And I feel good about margins, I feel good generally about the fundamentals of the company, but we're going to have some shift in spending.
Meg Nollen: The quarter's this year will look a little different.
Bill Johnson: Yes, I think Ed's point is the right point. We are still very highly confident in the year.
Robert Moskow : Hey, Meg, can you quantify for us the upfront spending this year versus last year, maybe not before? But how much more on the upfront are we doing this year? And then keystone I guess is part of that.
 Credit Suisse: Hey, Meg, can you quantify for us the upfront spending this year versus last year, maybe not before? But how much more on the upfront are we doing this year? And then keystone I guess is part of that.
Ed McMenamin: If you're referring to keystone that will be up about $30 million to $40 million this year.
Robert Moskow : But there's also upfront spending that's called out in your release today?
 Credit Suisse: But there's also upfront spending that's called out in your release today?
Ed McMenamin: What you're referring to is the upfront spending that we did last year in Q1 if you recall, we spent about $16 million or so on some downsizing activities in Europe and in the U.S.
Bill Johnson: And we still have some of those coming in the second half of actually the last three quarters of this year behind some initiatives we're looking at in Europe. And so there'll be some incremental spend in the last three quarters. I don't want to quantify yet, because frankly, we have not taken the Board through it, we gave them a preview of it the other day. But we'll have some one off spend in the last three quarters of the year for something that I think we're very enthused about in Europe. We'll get back to you on that probably during the November call, certainly no later than CAGNY.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar of Barclays Capital.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: A couple of things, first I guess, Bill, I wanted to try and take advantage of having you on the call also from a broader industry question, maybe to start it off. I don't want to develop too much on the calendar second quarter for the industry, but it just seemed like a lot of things changed in that second quarter for the industry, and not a lot of it was for the better. And there's been a lot of theories on what happened and why things got so promotional, was it manufacturer led, was it retailer led; and I'm trying to get a sense from at least your own perspective, what happened? And do you think the second quarter marks a peak from an industry sort of competitiveness promotional perspective or not, and if, so why? And I guess what does it mean for also your own CBT program going forward in North America?
Bill Johnson: There's a couple of things for us that I think are kind of interesting. We no longer break out G&A spending for a lot of reasons. But I can tell you that our G&A spending, our deal announcement in the first quarter was actually slightly favorable to the third and fourth quarters last year for Heinz. So that may surprise some of you, but our trade spending was no higher, in fact, slightly favorable to the last two quarters of last year. However, we are seeing an industry that is fundamentally lacking, in my view, discipline when it comes to trade spending. And not seeing the pickups in terms of volume and share that they have historically associated with a kind of incremental spending that we are seeing in some of the categories. Again, I come back to frozen entrees. There is absolutely no sense in chasing consumers out the door, and that's exactly what's happening in the bulk of our Smart Ones business benefited in the first quarter from a promotion partially from the innovations, particularly in the breakfast area where we're doing very, very well. The second thing that I think is changing, Eric, and I think the industry is wrestling with are commodities. Commodities, which look to be very favorable four, five or six months ago are now changing, particularly packaging commodities; glass, resin have shifted direction. Now, oil prices have been bobbing all over like fish on a line, I don't know where that's going to end up. But I think the commodity cost plus the impact on the increased grain cost recently is something that I think the industry is wrestling with. Third, the inability or the unwillingness, and I'm frankly not sure which it is of the industry to take appropriate actions to improve margins through a combination of factors, whether it be mix, whether it be cost, whether it be price, but just fundamental shift in terms of the mix is something that I think the lot of the industry is wrestling with. Four, the retailers are trying to figure out ways to drive volume, and we're seeing this not only in United States, but in Western Europe and to a bigger degree, frankly in Australia; where the customers are struggling to try to drive their toplines in the context of an industry that thinks some its volume still shift to the dollar stores, to non-traditional outlets to a very aggressive retailer out of Bentonville who is trying to regain its mojo. And so I think as you look at all this, you got that working against you. And finally, I used the term in there that we sort of contrived the other day of economic hibernation that consumers are going into stores. Now, we keep reading about their shopping pay date. That may be true to a degree, but I think that's being over hyped. What we're seeing instead, and I've talked about this at CAGNY almost 18 months ago, we're seeing consumers walk in with coupons and shopping lists and their not deviating. Historically, consumers would walk into a grocery store, roll down the isles and they would pick up things just on an ad hoc basis that may be they weren't necessarily on their list. We are not seeing consumer deviate from those shopping list and we've got a fair amount of work on that, nor are we seeing them move away from coupons and things that they can use to create a discount. That's true at all income levels. So I think you've got those fundamental factors occurring. Food service trends are still not great, while sales maybe up in some accounts because of pricing or other things. The fundamental traffic trends are still not very good that we're seeing between a combination of commodities, the economy and what the impact on consumer confidence, promotion intensity, foodservice trends and then obviously the lack of direction on FX for the multinational companies. I think you have businesses that are trying to figure out how do we deal with in an economy like this. And this has worked for Heinz being positioned as well as we are in the emerging markets, which are showing really the only sustainable growth in all of the countries we operate in. And where consumers are getting increasingly confident, and where we're seeing the migration to the middle class, it positions us well for the longer term. And as I told our Board, and as I've said to you, we are going to continue to push aggressively in terms of incremental investment in the future into those emerging markets because otherwise, you're simply chasing consumers deeper into their cave of hibernation. Now, eventually, they may or may not come out of it depending on what happens in the U.S. and western European economies. But just in the last four or five months, the external environment has changed precipitously, and I think for a company like Heinz, we have to be extraordinarily cautious and at the same time, carefully analytical about where we're getting returns on our spending. And whether or not chasing consumers out the door or trying to out compete the next guy is really the thing that is going to be in the bet interest of our company, our employees, and our shareholders, as well as our customers and consumers. So we're doing a lot of analytical work, that I think the surprise to the industry is that the historically steady, almost dependable if I give you more promotion dollars, I get better volume is going away. And I thin that's shaking a lot of companies.
Ed McMenamin: Following up on that comment, about a month ago, we had the trade finance groups together from some of the largest business units we have around the world. I think over the last few years, we've spoken a lot about the progress we've made on trade spending and controlling that, understanding the returns we're getting. And what we did, was we saw the changing environment last year, I think as Bill said, steadied it out this year. Tried to get those teams together to make sure that we're sharing the best practices at the levels where these guys are giving feedback to their sales team. So we got all those folks together in Toronto about a month ago, making sure that everybody understood the best practices and analytics, what are they doing. How are they measuring IRI, Nielsen impacts in terms of lift and that sort of stuff, we're also involving that with the global sales council led by Chris Warmoth, to make sure that the finance teams, the sales teams and the marketing teams are working together to make sure that as the environment changes on these returns, we're adapting quickly and making sure we're getting the best return on the investment we can.
Meg Nollen: Actually I think we're seeing a variance by category in terms of responsiveness. And so we're able to identify or acknowledge responses and take that money and put it where it is.
Bill Johnson: Yes, we're moving money around pretty aggressively. And again, I think you'll see this going forward, you're going to see considerable shifts long-term and recourse allocation to the market so that it give us quick returns versus those that aren't. That may not be the greatest thing to ever happen to United States or Western Europe, but it is a good thing to happen to our shareholders and to the long-term health of this organization.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: I appreciate that perspective and to close the loop on that, my sentence then from your remarks is that it's probably a little early from an industry perspective to kind of say, hey, it was the peak, and maybe it just gets a little less bad from here, you will have to see how things play out. But my sense is with merchandising programs being sort of set, whatever it is, two quarters in advance, we've got to kind of brace for still a bit of a rough road on the competitive front for a period of time, I would assume.
Ed McMenamin: That's sort of my sense Erik. And the other thing is, the only thing that's going to get it out of this is real innovation in news and market shifts in terms of resources that were allocated. And as you know, those don't happen over night. And I think frankly, a lot of companies have been caught flat-footed by what's going on, because these are tried and true remedies that we've used historically to cure whatever ales us, and they simply aren't as effective now as they've historically been. And I think in that context, I think the real play for us long-term is continuing to find ways to develop and grow in these emerging markets.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital:
 :
Ed McMenamin: We've been kicking around quite a bit, both internally and with the board, and I think in that context, two things to keep in mind. One, we are seeing more M&A opportunities in emerging markets now than we've seen maybe in the last five years. And we're trying to figure out the best ways to deploy our capital, not just to produce a short-term benefit, but long-term health of the organization. And with emerging markets sales representing almost 18% of the business in the first quarter and I still think for the year it will be somewhere between 16%, 17%, somewhere in that range. Our goal is to figure out ways to continue to drive that while building the infrastructure and reach necessary in some of the void markets where we are. And in some of the markets now, where we think we can leverage and much like Foodstar in China which we're waiting on the government to approve. And so my preference beyond dividends is to still continue to look for those M&A opportunities that exist in the emerging markets. I can tell you actually, we are not spending much time looking for M&A opportunities in the United States or Western Europe. Our focus is almost entirely on the emerging world. Secondly, we are looking at ways to mitigate the delusion that we've suffered somewhat on the shares outstanding. So I think we'll be more definitive as we get through the next quarter and get back to you in November. But we're trying to figure out the best way to balance both of those against the opportunities for share buyback. And the final thing I would say Erik, and the market knows this with me, I'm not a huge proponent of buybacks, because you always buy at the wrong time and at the wrong price, and I don't know what's going to happen to the market or the economy. So I would much prefer to see us put our money into assets and to businesses that make difference over a three-to-five year period than do something that makes a difference over a two-to-three quarter period. So that's really what our focus is, and as I said, we have significant opportunities that we're looking at.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane of Bank of America-Merrill Lynch.
Bryan Spillane - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Just two questions if I could. The first and I guess this maybe follows up on some of the comments that you just made in response to Andrew's question. Bill, just at the analyst day, I think that you were talking about the economic environment the consumer is having improved or that the environment was improving. So if you could just talk about how you're adjusting or if you're adjusting your plans for the balance of the year, given now, you're kind of seeing that the environment isn't improving, and they actually be deteriorating. So that it means that you dial back on our plans for innovation, do you shift spending in one region to another. Just at all, how you adjust your plans relative to that? And then the second question for Ed, just in terms of the cash flow question. Given that refinancing rates are as good as they are now, is there an opportunity for you to refinance some of your notes in order to drive the interest rate down even further?
Ed McMenamin: On your first question, yes, we're changing the channel. I think you have to look at taking money and deploying it where you know you are going to get a return like we have seen in the emerging markets where we got a very responsive reaction to consumer spending. And we'll balance the trade spend against consumer spend against other ways to continue to try to drive the business. Our focus right now is containing to improve innovation; continuing to drive growth in the emerging markets, disproportionate growth; continuing to funnel money behind ketchup on a global basis to improve trial and penetration, and that's having a huge impact on us in Europe and in some of the other markets; continuing to look for customer opportunities much like the McDonalds move in the Asian markets. I think being conscious was spending in some of the developed markets where you want to avoid pouring good money after bad, and where you want to be cautious about, as I've said, and I've been using this term for almost 18 months now chasing consumers out of the door, because no matter what you do from a promotional standpoint, you're not going to change their mindset and let you get to the point where it becomes silly, what I think has happened in some cases. But I think overall, for us, it's a balancing act of putting resources behind those businesses and those areas where we know we're going to get a return behind those innovations that we think as a highlight with a bit of success or if successful would be. I think it's return to the company like health and nutrition, and are watching very carefully our spend by business in each of the developed markets in which we operate. I think for us Bryan, it is just a balancing. But in some markets we are changing the channel. I mean we are looking at it in an entirely different way to try to entice consumers backend of the business or excite them again about the brands and the business and try to figure out ways to tap into the increased usage at home and so forth. Yes, we are spending a lot of time reviewing marketing plans and initiatives and activities including live activity and social media for the last nine months of this year. So I think it is fair to say that I've never believed in changing the game plan at half time, but I do think you'll see some different place called in the second half of the year that should impact our business. And I'll let Ed answer the debt question.
Ed McMenamin: The treasury team is looking it at very proactively. We have real long-term debt coming due this year, but we do in the years to come. We're aware that the rates do look pretty attractive. But as we've discussed in the past, a lot of our long-term debt which we lock (inaudible) floating and those rates are significantly below anything we could lock on in the mid-term. So we're making sure we've got access to liquidity. The markets look very good, but even the rates today necessarily wouldn't make a refinancing attractive from an average interest rate perspective. But we will be out there. We are not going to wait for the last minute to move forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ann Gurkin of Davenport.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport: I just wanted to understand emerging markets as a percentage of sales. Should we assume or just should I hit that target sooner than expected either to acquisitions or through the strong performance we've seen?
Bill Johnson: Are you talking about the 20%?
Ann Gurkin - Davenport: Right
Bill Johnson: I think there is a chance. How is that for an answer.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport: And the second thing is an update on the adoption of Dip & Squeeze from your customers?
Bill Johnson: Yes. The equipment is still not in facilities yet. It goes in this fall and we should begin shipping by the end of the year. The customer reaction has been very positive. We've actually got a lot of retail testing going on and that reaction has been quite positive. And I think the biggest issue for us is going to be basically stopping the fighting going on at the President's Council of Meetings between the President, all of them want this for their own market. We've had some very interesting discussions with the business union leaders who will want to know why the U.S. should get it first. The U.S. keeps reminding them it was their idea, and they keep reminding me, you've said origination of ideas doesn't matter to he who has got the best opportunity. So I think our biggest issue is an internal issue on the feeling that is occurring over. Let me have it in my mark. I am still very optimistic about Dip & Squeeze. It's being launched into a very typical food service market. So we'll see how it plays out. We start shipping end of the year and I am very optimistic.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Priya Ohri-Gupta of Barclays Capital.
Priya Ohri-Gupta - Barclays Capital: Given your commentary around the increased service on emerging markets and greater M&A opportunities, are you still looking to continue with the buy and build strategy or would you look to entertain any ideas doing something larger scale?
Bill Johnson: Define larger scale.
Priya Ohri-Gupta - Barclays Capital: Not bolt-on.
Bill Johnson: We are looking at businesses of all sizes in the emerging markets. Our preference is still the buy and build approach which has worked so well for us. But the beauty for us is, if you look at our regions where we have emerging markets, whether it be Asia, whether it be Eastern Europe and Russia, whether it be Latin America, whether it be Africa, we now have management teams in place that are perfectly capable of handling incremental businesses of almost any size and producing growth, much as we've done by taking out our Egyptian partner now, and that business is doing extremely well for us in the Middle East. So I think it's going to depend on the opportunity; I think it's going to depend obviously on the cost return; I think it's going to depend on the capabilities of the management team and the strength of the business. But my preference is buy and bill, but I want to be very clear, that does not preclude us from doing something at a larger scale.
Priya Ohri-Gupta - Barclays Capital: How willing would you be to flex your current rating in order to do something of a one-time nature?
Bill Johnson: Well, we like where we are now. And right now, certainly based just on what we are seeing and what we are talking about, that should not be an issue for us. Again it's something, and I've said this forever, if something dramatically material came up that fundamentally changed the company and made us a far better company, that's obviously something we've discussed with the Board. I've have also said historically, I'm not going to bet the ranch on something I don't fully understand. So we are committed to the rating we have now; we like the rating. We have room within the rating to do the kinds of things we're talking about doing. But again, as I've said in the past if something significant came up that really was fundamentally transformative and made us that much better, we'd obviously always take a look and consult with the Board. And with an understanding of the rating, it ensues that we are committed to where we are now.
Ed McMenamin: And I think if you take a look at the cash flow with dividend the last couple of years and this discipline we've had on capital management, the flexibility we have for these types of acquisition is much greater than what would have been looking at just a couple of years ago.
Bill Johnson: And Ed raises a point that I would like to comment on as a further answer to Andrew's question earlier. The other thing I think the industry has got to have to do is manage its capital better. There's a lot of capital still going into an industry with a consumer that's scratching his or her head trying to figure out what they want to do. And I think capital discipline and management is a process that all of us are going to have to continue to employ, because we just need to make sure that capital's going and resources are going to where the opportunities really are, not to where the opportunities were. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Palmer of UBS.
David Palmer - UBS: Ed, a question on Europe. You said increased competition in Europe (amid) category softness in your prepared remarks. Could you maybe give a little bit of color there? Where is the category softness increasing? Of course, that means the consumer, and I am wondering if you think that as you read between the lines in your categories, is the consumer environment worsening or just kind of remaining at the same soft level in key markets, perhaps driving some debt but discounting by competitors? So any color would be useful.
Ed McMenamin: The category that's most weak that we are seeing globally weak is soup. We are seeing soup weakness everywhere; Europe, Australia, United States in Foodservice. I mean soup is just weak. And I don't know if we're seeing a move to Homemade soup, we're still trying to assess it. Our shares are doing reasonably well, but the categories are soft. So that's really where we saw softness in Europe in the quarter in both the U.K. and the German soup businesses. There are some competitive issues, but that fundamentally is not my concern right now; my concern is the category on a global basis. Condiments & Sauces seem to be doing relatively well in Europe. Our beans business has been fairly solid. The launch of Fridge Pack will be okay. So basically in Europe what we saw was soup. Now the other area, that weakness we saw was infant feeding category in Italy. The category has been very soft for the last 18 months or so as a function of I think the Italian economy and the Italian consumer really trying to figure out what they're going to do. Our shares have been holding okay and our Italian business from a profit standpoint is fine. But I think that infant nutrition in Italy as a category, and soup generally everywhere, I cannot think for us anyway that the soup category is doing particularly well anywhere around the globe.
Bill Johnson: And despite the softness in the soup category that we mentioned, U.K. volume has actually gone up. So the balance of the portfolio there is doing reasonably well.
Meg Nollen: The U.K. business is clearly outperforming our peers.
David Palmer - UBS: The only separate thing I wanted to mention is, in the U.S. is it all troubling? And this kind of goes on the heels of your previous comments that more and more packaged food categories and companies are complaining about the consumer confidence and just cyclical factors in general. Meanwhile, in the U.S., you are seeing concurrent strength, maybe even improving strength in fast food and on-the-go channels like sea stores that just matter of months ago we would have thought would be more cyclical than these at-home food categories. It's tough for me to reconcile from my perspective, but perhaps a bit of the blame goes back to the energies that have been applied to those categories. But any thoughts would be helpful there.
Bill Johnson: I don't think there's a clear trend David. Obviously as I said earlier, our ketchup business and foodservice from an organic sales standpoint was positive in the first quarter. So we're seeing some of the same things you're seeing on quick-serve. But to me the thing is that I've been around a long time; you fish where the fish are, and I think people are throwing the hooks deeper and putting more bait on the hooks in the markets where there are no fish, or the fish aren't biting. And so, we're going where the fish are biting, which are markets where the middle class is emerging and still aspirational and are inclined towards westernizing some of their food purchase, but more importantly westernizing their lifestyles in terms of better ways of living. And so to me, the industry is still over a period of time has to make the shift away from a dependence on things that have historically been fairly easy for them to understand, and shift to those areas where the real opportunities are. Whether it be aspects of customers that are different, whether it be aspects of the globe that are different, whatever it maybe. And for some reason, and I've said this to you guys publicly before and as I said, I don't make many friends in this industry, but for some reason this industry is incredibly slow at adapting and adopting to the changing realities of the world. And I think that's where our company, frankly is well positioned, because of the mindset of the management team that we have that's focused on fishing where the fish are.
Meg Nollen: Can we move quickly, I know there're several people that somehow got stuck in queue, and we're way past time and I want to give everybody a quick opportunity, so let's move quick.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Terry Bivens of JPMorgan.
Terry Bivens - JPMorgan: Just I know it's late, so I'll be quick with this. Most of our data indicates that the lift from promotion is really decaying pretty rapidly for a lot of categories. Judging from your remarks on frozen, is that the case with you guys in frozen category? And if you could just give us a wee bit of color on what Nestle is up to their post-acquisition.
Bill Johnson: We'll, I don' want to comment on anybody else, other than to say that I think people are slowly learning that we're taking consumers out to door in entrees. And I said in my prepared remarks that until the consumer is more confident in the economy we're going to see this. And interestingly enough in Australia, we're starting to see a turnaround in the category as the economy is doing a little bit better. And so the nutritional categories are starting to do a little bit better in the markets where we're seeing some improved economic behavior. But I also said in early response to a question, Terry, that I think the industry is simply not seeing the lift they've historically enjoyed by aggressive promotion activity. And I think that consumers are waiting for them or consumers are going in disciplined against a shopping list that may or may not include a product that you're promoting aggressively or merchandizing someway. And I don't think anything is going to change that except the higher level of confidence. I mean, our discussions with consumers are fascinating. I mean, consumers are absolutely unclear as to what to do about anything. And I think from that perspective, I don't think anything is going to change short term. Now having said that on small ones, the other thing that you can look at is we've innovated aggressively in breakfast, our breakfast business was up pretty significantly in the quarter, and a lot of that's due to innovations, and heading a convenience area with the hot meals that I think people have really enjoyed in our T.G.I. F sliders and our Smart Ones sliders, which I predicted to you in CAGNY would do really well, are doing really well. So people are looking for comfort, they're just looking for convenience, but they're not deviating from their list.
Meg Nollen: So interestingly on Smart Ones and I know a number of you there's just some intricacies to that Nielsen data. So a lot of our innovation has been, the sliders, the peak and the wrap, et cetera. And those are showing up in cheeseburger and sandwiches, which many of you have not been incorporating. Smart Ones is doing quite well.
Terry Bivens - JPMorgan: And if I could ask just one point of clarity, second quarter you said would mirror the first quarter in terms was it operating income or earnings per share? I missed that.
Bill Johnson: I didn't say it, but it's more EPS, but it's generally across the whole profit line, Terry.
Meg Nollen: All right, let's take one more and I apologize for those of you who got stuck in queue.
Operator: Our last question comes from the line of David Driscoll with Citi Investment.
David Driscoll - Citi Investment: I wanted to go back to foodservice, certainly a wonderful report on profits there. Bill, can you talk a little bit and maybe you said this in the discussion, and I just need to hear it very clearly, what is full year look-like given the strength that you saw in foodservice in ketchup? Does that really drive significantly better than expected profits within that segment for the year?
Bill Johnson: We're expecting a good year profit-wise in foodservice, and a part of that is productivity and a part of its mix. And obviously, the more ketchup we sell in foodservice on a relative basis to anything else in foodservice, the better the mix, because the margins are higher. So I think it's fair to say that we have expectations. And I always like to underline that word when my lawyers are around, if expectations for a good profit year and foodservice, and our hope is, and I'm not even underlining expectations; here our hope is that we start seeing a topline change in the second half of the fiscal year, predicated on the weak quarters last year, predicated on some return in the consumer in the second half of the year, and predicated on some of the activities we're undergoing. And the fact that most of our SKU rationalization will be behind us. But I think we're not counting on it a whole lot, because until there's some clarity on this economy and until we get some sense on what the U.S. Government is going to do from the policy standpoint, help get us out of this predicament then I think it's fair to say that the mix of productivity, SKU rationalization and our focus on customers while we really make money on foodservices really going to be the key that's going to drive what we expect to be a pretty good profit year.
Ed McMenamin: I think that business for well over year, we're seeing some pressure at the topline and certainly that's pretty significant pressure in the bottomline. They reacted significantly and we though a lot about SKU rationalization and that sort of thing. A year down the road, they're really able to drive the efficiencies from that, focus on longer runs, better pricing and really drive even through the distribution system improvements that you're seeing hit the bottomline now.
Bill Johnson: Let me summarize, we are running way over. But let me summarize that, again, as I said yesterday, the shareholders I think generally, the fundamentals of the company are sound. We are working very aggressively to make sure that we do not foolish things in an environment where being foolish is much easier than not. we continue to redeploy resources against those opportunities that we think have better long term leverage and will create better long term value. as Ed said, we've reaffirmed yesterday, our outlook for the year of 3% to 4% topline on a constant currency basis and 7% to 10% EPS NOI. And I will be very blunt that of those three, I think the topline will be the one that will challenge us probably the most. Today, I don't see any reason to deviate from that, but it will be more difficult given the environments. Fortunately, our emerging market businesses are strong enough and our resource allocation processes are robust enough that we're putting money where we get our best return. So just in general, I want to thank our management who has been open minded and are sufficiently vigilant enough to see us put money where money is going to get the shareholders a great return. So with that, thank you all for your call. I would like to say that keep our family and you prayers, we could use them. He is fine other than he is dealing with a very difficult issue right now. We've gotten word that it should be okay, and everything should be fine and he should be back very shortly. We've missed him, and I hope he is listening, actually I hope he is not listening. We've missed him, and we want him back as soon as we can get him back. So thank you all for the call.
Karen Alber: We'll be around this afternoon in IR for your call. 412-456-6020, lots of ins and outs that we talked about. I mean if you guys want to work on the details, feel free to give us a call. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2010 Q4  (2010-05-27 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Margaret Nollen - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations Karen Alber - Chief Information Officer, Senior Vice President, Global Program Management Officer and Office of the Chairman Bob Ostryniec - Chief Supply Chain Officer Arthur Winkleblack - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President William Johnson - Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of Executive Committee
Margaret Nollen: Good morning. I'm Meg Nollen, Senior Vice President, Investor Relation for the H.J. Heinz Co., and I'd like to welcome everyone to our 2010 Analyst and Investor Day here in Pittsburgh. For those of you attending today's session, you're in for quite a treat as you're going to meet Heinz leadership from around the world. For those of you who are unable to travel to Pittsburgh today, our webcast is also being simultaneously videocast. This is not your typical Analyst Day, and I simply couldn't let you miss out on the experience. For those of you on a simultaneously listen-only call or webcast, the presentation will be made available by section throughout the day on the Investor Relations page of our website at www.heinz.com, as well as Thomson StreetEvents (sic) Thomson Reuters StreetEvents. Start pages including five-year financial and statistical summaries and Reg G reconciliations are also available on the front page of the IR section of the website. Note that our P&L has been updated for the fourth quarter, and the balance sheet and cash flows will be updated in June, pending the filing of our 10-K. We have a great day planned for you as we elaborate on the familiar Heinz's four-pillar strategy, grow the core portfolio, accelerate growth in Emerging Markets, strengthen and leverage global scale and make talent a competitive advantage. The agenda for the day is in front of your folder and also on the screen. We'll start with the strategic and financial overview from Bill and Art, and then we'll detail productivity initiatives and deleveraging global scale with Bob Ostryniec and Karen Alber, followed by a Q&A session. We'll take a break and then begin the regional reviews at 9:45. We will hear from each of our regional presidents. We'll give you a chance to focus your questions on these guys, and then begin our Developed Markets growth section promptly at 11. You'll hear from several of our key Developed Markets team, and then have a chance to ask them questions, ending at 12:30. We'll take a one-hour break for lunch and begin Emerging Markets promptly at 1:30. We have several of our key Emerging Markets team from around the Heinz world and you'll get a chance to ask them questions for about 15 minutes. We'll then take a quick break and begin our final section at 3:00 PM, where we'll be showcasing some of our top Global Infant/Nutrition talent. And yes, we have even brought C.K. Lee all the way from China. Steve Clark will tell you about our talent strategy, and then Bill will wrap up the day, and we'll have one last round of Q&A. Sound Good? All right, let's get started. As a reminder, questions will only be taken from those attending our presentation today here in Pittsburgh. I'd like to ask those of you in the audience, please turn off and not just mute your cell phones and Blackberrys to avoid interference from those listening in today. As we begin, let me refer you to the forward-looking statement currently displayed. To summarize, during our presentation, we may make predicted statements about our business that are intended to clarify results for your understanding. We ask you to refer to our April 29, Form 10-K as well as our press release today, which list some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in our predictions. Heinz undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as the results of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by securities law. We may also use non-GAAP financial measures in our presentation, as the company believes such measures allow for consistent period-to-period comparison of the business. The most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures are available in the company's earnings release and at the very back of your presentation today, also on the website for our callers. So now, the day will begin. I'd like to turn it over to Bill Johnson, Chairman, President and CEO of H.J. Heinz. Bill?
William Johnson: Thank you, Meg. Good morning, and welcome to our 2010 Investor and Analyst Conference. One change on the agenda, we'll do the Q&A right after the Infant/Nutrition section. So those of you who'd like to get out of here and catch the planes, without listening to our people strategy and me, are able to do so. Today, more than 20 executives from our senior management team will share their insights about Heinz's businesses and brands around the world and our plans to drive continued growth in fiscal 2011. Many of you know that I consider the Managing Director position the most important in our company, which is why you will hear from so many of them throughout the day. My purpose today is to briefly recap our outstanding performance in fiscal 2010, discuss the outlook for 2011, which commenced on April 29, and provide an overview of our global strategy to drive continued sales, profit and cash flow growth. My message today is unmistakably clear. We delivered very strong result in a challenging and volatile global environment in fiscal 2010. And with our proven strategy, brands and team, we plan to do it again in 2011. Fiscal 2010, as we announced this morning, was another excellent year with record sales of $10.5 billion, organic sales growth of more than 15% in Emerging Markets, over 3% in our top 15 brands and more than 2% over all. We had a 50 basis point improvement in gross profit margin reflecting increased pricing and higher productivity, strong earnings per share of $2.87 from continuing operations despite the unfavorable impact of currency and higher commodity cost, and solid growth and are already a top-tier return on invested capital. Obviously, we're pretty pleased with our results, which included a solid finish to the year as Art will detail. We achieved profitable volume growth in the fourth quarter while investing heavily in marketing to drive growth and the support to launch of several new innovations. Additionally, we also underwrote several new productivity initiative to further improve margins and further simplify the supply chain going forward. Overall, fourth quarter sales grew 8%. Net income from continuing operations increased around 8% with a reported EPS of $0.60. And we achieved our 20th consecutive quarter of organic sales growth. In simple math, that's five straight years of organic sales growth, which we plan on extending in fiscal 2011 and beyond. Importantly, we also generated record operating free cash flow of almost $1.1 billion, while investing significantly in our pension plans and our businesses. Strong cash flow has become a true Heinz hallmark and it provides us with great balance sheet flexibility. Additionally, it supports continued dividend growth. And in that context, I am pleased to announce our plans to increase the annualized dividend to $1.80 per share, a more than 7% increase effective with the July payment. With this increase, our dividend has grown almost 67% over the last few years. And in that time span, Heinz has returned more than $3 billion to shareholders through dividend payments. Our excellent fiscal 2010 performance reflects solid execution by our business unit teams. In a tough economy, we achieved constant currency sales growth within our guidance of 4% to 6%, increase our marketing spend by more than 25% to strengthen our brand equity and drive sustainable growth. And we delivered EPS from continuing operations that exceeded the top end of our revised range of $2.82 to $2.85 after raising the outlook twice during the year. Our increased profit reflected both excellent operational performance and improved currency translation. From my perspective, there were three notable highlights during the year. Number one, Emerging Markets clearly established themselves as our most powerful growth engine now and well into the future of this company. These markets generated virtually all of the company's organic sales growth for the year and 30% of our total reported sales growth, despite the unfavorable impact of the devaluation in Venezuela. The momentum in the fourth quarter was particularly encouraging on organic sales growth of around 21%. I will have much more to say about our Emerging Markets growth strategy in a few minutes. And you'll hear from many of our Emerging Markets leaders throughout the day. Number two. Our top 15 brands once again demonstrated strength and resilience amid intense competitive promotional activity, delivering higher organic growth for the year and a solid 4% increase in the fourth quarter. Overall, as I highlighted during the November earnings call, our volumes were stronger in the second half, as we nimbly adjusted our strategy in response to the changing market dynamics to emphasize profitable volume growth after focusing on price in the first half to offset higher commodity cost. Volume improved from the first to the second half across most of our businesses, particularly in the U.S. retail and in the U.K., where we significantly increased consumer marketing investment and ramped up the pace of innovation. Number three, we continue to generate top-tier cash flow results, which has enhanced our strategic flexibility while allowing us to reinvest in our businesses and brands, contribute over $ 500 million to our company pension plans and support our policy of returning cash to shareholders through dividend increases. As we leave fiscal 2010, I continue to be pleased with the leadership, the depth and the talent of our teams and their proven ability to execute our four-prong strategy of growing the core portfolio, accelerating growth in Emerging Markets, strengthening and leveraging global scale, and making talent an advantage. Turning now to fiscal 2011. We expect to deliver another year of strong growth on a constant-currency basis. Our outlook is based on the successful track record of our people and the thoughtful plans we have developed to drive continued growth. On a constant-currency basis, we expect sales growth of 3% to 4%, an increase in gross margin of at least 50 basis points, operating income growth of 7% to 10%, EPS growth of 7% to 10%, and another year of strong cash generation with operating free cash flow in the range of $1 billion to $1.1 billion. The majority of our sales, as most of you know, are generated outside the U.S., around 62% in fiscal 2010. And consequently, our reported results will likely be affected by the recent weakness in most currencies versus the U.S. dollar. Two points: first, we have not taken any substantive translation hedges for the year at this time; and second, we expect a relatively benign impact from transaction cost. We anticipate a very modest increase in commodity cost in fiscal 2011, as Art will show you. We expect some benefits from tomatoes and potatoes in domestic markets following several years of escalating costs. But we are concerned about rising prices for key packaging materials. We will continue to focus on driving productivity and procurement efficiencies to improve margins, as well as mitigate any currency impact where possible. Bob Ostryniec, our Global Supply Chain leader will provide further insights on our productivity initiative later. Looking briefly at the consumer and economic environment, the trends are still unclear. Despite some improvement in the global outlook, the concerns about European debt fostered initially by the difficulties in Greece, and the still high unemployment in the U.S. suggest slow and uneven improvement, which we are and have prepared for. We have seen four consecutive months of employment growth in the U.S. And on Tuesday, The Conference Board announced that the consumer confidence index rose to over 63%, the highest level since March 2008. This gives us some hope that the U.S. economy is poised for recovery, which we anticipate would translate through increased Foodservice traffic, while also providing some impetus behind our premium brands. We are also somewhat encouraged by a recent Nielsen reports that confirm a slowdown in private label growth in the U.S. and in other developed markets. The report indicates that U.S. private label unit share fell from prior-year levels after a two-year growth run. Although some branding categories have likely seen permanent share loss to private label, Heinz categories have historically responded to innovation which as you will see, we have plenty of this year. In short, while uneven, we do anticipate that the business environment will be more favorable in the U.S. and in particular, our Emerging Markets in fiscal 2011. While Europe remains somewhat cloudy, our single-minded focus on improved Ketchup penetration in key European markets and an improved innovation pipeline, which is in a much better position than many of our peers. With fiscal 2011 underway, I want to provide a brief overview of the global strategy to drive top line growth, profits and cash flow before I turn it over to the leadership team to provide their perspectives. Heinz rose to the challenge of growing our core portfolio in the global recession of fiscal 201O, and we expect to do it again in fiscal 2011. Our plans reflect a full pipeline of consumer-inspired innovation much of which you'll see today, a continued high level of marketing investment, a commitment to consumer value and the significant opportunities in Ketchup I alluded to earlier and we'll discuss more in a moment. Innovation is a Heinz hallmark that clearly differentiates and distinguishes our brands in this changing environment. And it's important to unlocking long-term growth. I believe Heinz owns innovation in our key categories, and we are intent on maintaining our advantage. A great example is Dip & Squeeze, our new dual function Foodservice ketchup package, which many of you saw last night, and which is on track to reach the U.S. market later this year. Dip & Squeeze is a true consumer breakthrough that we believe will drive on-the-go ketchup consumption and demand for host foods like french fries and nuggets. Consumers are very excited about Dip & Squeeze, and so are we as you will see later. In fact, the question I have is who's going first, our Retail team or our Foodservice team. Dip & Squeeze is the example of a robust global innovation pipeline which includes Ore-Ida sweet potato fries, T.G.I. Friday's mini-cheeseburger sliders, the latest entry from what we consider to be our next mega-brand in frozen meals and snacks; breakfast entres and sliders from Smart Ones to enhance and expand the brand's 24/7 position as a weight-management solution; fridge-good Beanz in the U.K; Mr. Jussie, a healthy children's beverage in Indonesia; Glucon-D isotonic in India; and infant formula in China. We have also expanded our concept of innovations to include new products that provide consumers with choices compatible with changing lifestyle and dietary needs. In the U.S., we have introduced Simply Heinz, a new variety of Heinz Ketchup made with sugar. In response to health and wellness trends, we are also reducing sodium in our U.S. retail ketchup line by 15%, while maintaining the same great taste that consumers expect from Heinz Ketchup. I consider myself somewhat of a ketchup connoisseur as you might guess, and I can't taste any difference in the lower-sodium variety. We have done this the right way and our consumer testing confirms, that is Dave Ciesinski, will show you later. We also have a growing portfolio of healthy nutritional beverages and fruit juices outside our traditional U.S. and European markets. What we see is an enticing growth opportunity and you'll hear a fair amount about it today. Overall, our leadership in the area of health and wellness reflects our commitment to providing wholesome foods that are better for you. Innovation is one key to growing the core portfolio, maintaining a high level of marketing investment is another. Consequently, while we have increased marketing by almost 2/3 over the past four years and nearly 26% in fiscal 2010, we plan to maintain a high level of spend going forward. Our marketing plans reflect an increased emphasis on our very responsive Emerging Markets brands. Given our significant increase in marketing in recent years, we are working to ensure solid returns from any incremental spend and are increasingly emphasizing well-tested ideas. In the U.K., for example, we will continue to support the successful "It has to be Heinz" program, which is designed to enhance our iconic brand leadership, as well as drive volume and share. In the U.S., we successfully expanded our consumer value program in the fourth quarter to Ore-Ida, Smart Ones, Classico and T.G.I. Friday's. Our plan is to continue this initiative which includes coupons, free-standing inserts, point-of-purchase promotions and new advertising. During fiscal 2011, we also plan to significantly increase our visibility and influence in the social media, whose global impact is an open forum for consumers is growing rapidly. Our new Heinz Ketchup Facebook Page in the U.S. has already attracted an avid following of more than 400,000 consumers in just a few months. And we are expanding social media initiatives to other brands around the world, as you will see throughout the day. We expect social media to help us reinforce our brand equity and glean insights that spur innovation, marketing and sales in the future. It's obviously impossible to talk about Heinz without discussing ketchup. We already hold number one positions in seven of the world's top 10 ketchup markets. But our research indicates that Heinz Ketchup has substantial room to grow through increased trial and penetration in Emerging Markets, as well as increased penetration in consumption in well-developed high-share markets like the U.S. In our top 10 ketchup markets, consumers spend over $2 billion a year on ketchup. But we estimate that only one in three households purchased Heinz Ketchup in the last year. The upside potential is tremendous and we are aggressively pursuing it. Organic sales of Ketchup grew 9.5% across Europe last year, led by a 6% increase in volume. Despite this robust growth, improving the penetration of Heinz Ketchup in continental Europe, appears to be a particularly sizable opportunity, as the brand accounts for just one in every five retail bottles of ketchup sold in Europe. I have challenged our continental team led by Roel van Neerbos To drive penetration in markets like Sweden, Germany and France to name just a few. And Roel will share more details on that a little later. The second pillar of our strategy is to accelerate growth in Emerging Markets. As you can see from our fiscal 2010 results, Emerging Markets have become our most powerful growth engine. And they are well on track to deliver at least 20% of our total sales by 2013, more than double their contribution of just five years ago. Our Emerging Markets businesses have spread across Asia, Europe and Latin America. In my opinion, the face of Heinz could likely look very different in the future, with Emerging Markets generating as much as 25% of our total sales by 2016 and as much a 35% to 40%, longer term. This is not just wishful thinking as Heinz is already well positioned in developing nations like India, Indonesia, Russia and China, where we have the brands, the leadership and the marketing as well as the manufacturing and distribution infrastructure to support substantial growth. The opportunity was reinforced by extremely strong fourth quarter volume across most of our Emerging Markets businesses. There are five keys to growth in Emerging Markets for Heinz over the next decade. First, I believe that Heinz is well-positioned to benefit from the disproportion GDP growth in Emerging Markets. Our brands are already well known. They are aspirational and they provide solutions to everyday consumer needs. The middle class in Emerging Markets will eventually outnumber the combined populations in both the U.S. and Europe. And per capita consumption of packaged foods has tremendous upside potential relative to developed economies, which bodes well for brand leaders like Heinz. As Chris Warmoth will discuss, much of our future growth in Emerging Markets will stem from our proven ability to offer the right product in the right place at the right price, what we have referred to over the last decade as availability, applicability and affordability. Second, we continue to explore opportunities for bolt-on acquisitions in Emerging Markets. Under our buy-and-build strategy, we expect to add infrastructure and brands to complement rapid organic growth and expand our capabilities, as we did successfully with the acquisitions in the past of Complan, ABC, Pudliszki and Petrosoyuz. We will, as always, exercise discipline in our efforts to add new assets in Emerging Markets. Third, we are exploring several and promising new that represent future growth platforms for Heinz. Attractive markets include the Philippines, Turkey, Vietnam and Brazil. We believe these markets would be a natural fit with Heinz, especially in Ketchup and Sauces and Infant/Nutrition. Fourth, global fast food chains are bringing Foodservice Ketchup to new consumers in Emerging Markets, and we intend to leverage their efforts through increased trial Heinz Ketchup. Finally, we are well-positioned to capitalize on a rapid growth in Infant/Nutrition in Emerging Markets. Overall, this high-growth high-margin category contributed sales of around $1.2 billion to our top line in fiscal 2010. And we are expanding in into the white space of Emerging Markets as we drive innovation and leverage our expertise in Infant/Nutrition. We are aiming to be a top-tier player in select Emerging Markets in infant formula and baby food. As the world's fifth-largest baby food producer, we are growing from our traditional base of jarred food and cereals by down-aging in the formula and up-aging in the toddler food. We have great expectations for our launches and launches of Heinz infant formula in China and Russia, two of our key emerging markets. The launch is now underway in China with the range of middle-class mothers and children are likely to grow dramatically in the years to come. Russia will follow by the end of the fiscal year. C.K. Lee will discuss the exciting details of the launch in China at the end of the day. In summary, Emerging Markets are clearly fueling the growth of Heinz, and we are executing a strategy to capture additional gains in these markets, especially in Infant/Nutrition. This brings me to our third strategic pillar, leveraging global scale that drive top line growth and margins through higher productivity and vigilant cost management. Our goal, as Bob will tell you, is deliver more of the $1 million of cost savings over the next five years through supply chain initiatives, that will further transform our company into a more global efficient business. Simply put, our global initiatives are realizing economies of scale and reducing cost by leveraging people, process and technology. One of our key productivity enablers is Project Keystone, an ongoing initiative to harmonize our global systems and processes on a common SAP platform, which Karen Alber will discuss in a few moments. While Heinz is taking action internally to leverage our global scale, as I said at CAGNY, I also believe that our industry's continued emphasis on productivity will eventually lead to more efficient sharing of assets, procurement capabilities and manufacturing capacity. Many of our suppliers have already moved aggressively to capture value in this way. And I see an opportunity for noncompetitive industry peers to follow a similar path in the future. The fourth and final strategic pillar of Heinz is to make talent a competitive advantage. As I've said before, I believe Heinz has among the best and most international team in the Packaged Foods business, led by the strong, deep and experienced management you will be exposed to today. To enable continued growth and success, we are aggressively expanding our global leadership development and training programs to better prepare, attract and retain the best talent in the consumer packaged goods industry. Our commitment to excellence has no borders. And therefore, we are also accelerating initiatives to better share talent, knowledge, processes and best practices across our business units and geographies. Steve Clark, our Chief People Officer, will have more to say about this later. In summary, we continue to deliver excellent results in a difficult global economic environment. This company is performing very well. And as we continue to invest in marketing and productivity to enhance our global equities and capabilities and we provide new resources to Emerging Markets to capture new and exciting growth, we expect those performance metrics to continue to improve. With strong core brands, dynamic growth in Emerging Markets, excellent cash flow, increased innovation and a focus on productivity, our outlook for fiscal 2011 is clear. We expected to deliver another year of growth and strong results on a constant-currency basis. This concludes my remarks for now. I look forward to answering your questions throughout the day, and will have some brief closing comments at the conclusion of the meeting. For now, I'll turn it over to Art to take you through the financials.
Arthur Winkleblack: Thanks, Bill. Good morning, everyone. How is everybody? All right, ready to roll. Well, today, I'll take you through a review of fiscal 2010, starting with the summary of the full year results, and then just a brief recap of Q4 performance. I'll follow that with a summary of our targets for fiscal 2011. And as Bill indicated, we're very pleased with the strong results that we delivered for the year. From a constant-currency P&L perspective, sales grew 4.3%, which was driven largely by growth in Emerging Markets. Operating income improved 6.3% despite sizable marketing and productivity investments, and EPS rose 9.3%. Importantly, while driving these strong P&L results, we had another great year in balance sheet terms. We delivered an all-time Heinz record for operating free cash flow of $1.08 billion, up 23% despite significant incremental pension funding. ROIC improved another 30 basis points, reflecting our continuing focus on returns to shareholders. Overall, a very good result in this tough economic environment. And turning to EPS, as you recall, we've experienced a lot of foreign currency movements this year. And we divested three small businesses that have been recorded as discontinued operations. Thus, it's important you get grounded in the dynamics of our P&L for the year. Taking out all the noise from changes in foreign exchange and the impact of discontinued operations, EPS increased $0.25 or a very strong 9.3%. This is captured on the left side of the page and will be the focus of my discussion today. But for completeness, you can see that our results from continuing operations on a reported basis were down $0.04 after you include the impact of foreign exchange on each year. And finally, total company reported EPS was down $0.18, primarily reflecting the loss on sale of our discontinued operations. Now let's focus then on continuing ops. As usual, we provided our P&L scorecard and have shown the year-on-year changes on a reported and constant-currency basis. Excluding currency, sales grew by more than 4%. Gross margin climbed almost a full point. We increased our marketing investment by 25%. Operating income rose better than 6%, and EPS improved by more than 9%. We're very pleased with these overall results in light of our continuing investment in the business and particularly, in the gross margin improvement, as we overcame commodity inflation and the unfavorable across currency rates in the U.K. In order to continue in providing transparency on how we're looking at the business, here, we've provided the impact of currency up and down the full P&L. Interestingly, after all the fluctuations in foreign currencies this year, the net effect of translation changes actually helped us by $0.02. The real issue was the U.K. transaction cross rates. That cost is about $0.10 of EPS. Additionally, as you recall, we lapped the $0.21 gain on translation hedges we generated in fiscal 2009, combining the $0.02 favorably with a $0.10 and $0.21 unfavorabilities results in a total currency hit of $0.29 versus the prior year. Now turning to the full year P&L, I'll just point out a few lines. First, SG&A was down 10 basis points as a percentage of sales, even after Keystone and productivity-related investments. Second, net interest and other expenses were up 47% on a reported basis, largely reflecting the overlap of the $107 million mark-to-market gains on translation currency hedges in fiscal 2009. Excluding these gains, net interest cost declined, primarily reflecting lower average interest rates. And third,, you can see that our full year tax rate was slightly less than 28%. This was about 60 basis points lower than prior year and reflects continued strong tax planning. Now shifting to revenue. As Bill mentioned, we posted our fifth consecutive year of organic sales growth, up 2.1% on top of the 6% growth we posted in the prior year. Volume decreased 1.3% as the company focused primarily on generating profit and cash in the first half of the fiscal year. Volume was down 3.9% in the first half, went up 1.4% in the second half. The modest full year decline primarily reflects softness in the U.S. Foodservice industry and a decline in Australia. U.S. Foodservice alone accounted for 70 basis points in the full year decline. Net pricing increased sales by 3.4%, largely due to the carryover impact of the fiscal 2009 price increases that were required to offset commodity inflation. Acquisitions increased sales by 2.2% basically reflecting the purchase of the Golden Circle business in Australia late last fiscal year. And foreign exchange translation rates increased sales by about a have a point. Now turning to full year sales by segment, every region, except U.S. Foodservice posted sales gains on an organic, constant currency and reported basis. Organic growth was led by our Rest of World and Asia/Pacific segments, which were powered by double-digit growth in Emerging Markets. And importantly, our big North American Consumer Products and European businesses posted positive organic growth in a tough economic environment. U.S. Foodservice results reflect softness in restaurant traffic trends and SKU rationalization done to streamline the business and improve profitability. Gross margin increased 50 basis points to 36.2%. Two major factors driving the margin improvement were pricing and productivity gains. Some of the key productivity initiatives include a global procurement leverage, indirect procurement, waste reduction and yield improvements. Primary factors that partially offset these improvements were higher commodity costs, transaction cross rates and lower margin acquisitions. Now commodity inflation for the year was driven by higher prices for metal and glass packaging and potatoes, tomatoes, sweeteners and beans, partially offset by savings on resin for plastic packaging, dairy and oils. Now turning to operating income, each segment posted constant currency profit growth, except for a 1% decline in the Asia/Pacific. In percentage terms, profit growth was led by our Rest of World and by U.S. Foodservice segments. Both very solid growth in both North American Consumer Products and Europe provided the greatest increase in dollar terms. U.S. Foodservice delivered a very strong profit improvement this year as a result of the team's efforts to streamline the business and drive efficiencies. Operating income was up 16%, as pricing, productivity and favorable commodities more than offset unfavorable volume, marketing investments and increased pension and incentive costs. Constant currency operating income in Asia/Pacific was virtually flat, as strong increases in India, Indonesia and New Zealand were offset by lower profit in Long Fong in Australia. Again, globally, constant currency operating income rose by more than 6%. Now let's move to the full year balance sheet scorecard. And all I can say here is that we posted excellent results, improving every one of our key measures. We reduced CapEx by 30 basis points. We improved our cash conversion cycle by eight days. We generated almost $1.1 billion of operating free cash flow, a new record for the company. We reduced net debt to EBITDA to 2.2x, and we increased after tax ROIC by 30 basis points. Now you'll note that this excludes the 90 basis point impact from the loss on discontinued operations. So for the balance sheet, a great result across the board. Now turning to cash, operating free cash flow increased by $200 million. The key is that we reached this record high even after infusing more than $0.5 billion into our company pension plans. With this incremental funding in place, our plans are now fully funded from a GAAP perspective. Overall, operating free cash flow was 123% of net income, placing us again at the top of our peer group in terms of cash flow generation. Now let's take just a quick look at our performance for Q4. Q4 results were slightly above the high end of our expectations. On a constant currency basis, sales increased 2.8%, gross margin improved 110 basis points and marketing increased over 56%. Reported operating income was up about 2% but declined 1% on a constant currency basis, due to our significant investments in marketing and charges for productivity-related initiatives. These productivity investments were partially offset by a $15 million pretax gain on the sale of a plant in the Netherlands. Now for the quarter, organic sales were up 2.6%, reflecting higher volume of 1.6 points and increased net pricing of 1%. Acquisitions contributed a bit to the top line and currency translation increased sales by 5%. Now looking at net sales by segment, the Rest of World, North American Consumer Products and Asia/Pacific posted organic sales growth for the quarter. Excellent growth in the Rest of World reflects pricing gains in Latin America and strong volume growth in the Middle East and Mexico. Organic sales in Europe were down slightly and U.S. Foodservice sales declined, again reflecting industry trends and SKU rationalization. Overall, Emerging Markets continue to be the real growth story, posting 21% organic growth for the quarter. Now with FY '10 completed, I'd like to provide some context as to what the company has achieved since fiscal 2006. In a nutshell, it's been a great run. Organic sales grew at an average annual rate of 4%, and we posted a new all-time record for reported sales in FY '10. EPS has grown 40%, which represents a cumulative average growth rate of almost 9%. We generated $4.6 billion in operating free cash flow, which is an average of 110% of net income, and after-tax ROIC improved by 390 basis points to 18.7%. By all measures, the company has performed extremely well, and we're looking forward to next year and the years beyond. So speaking of next year, let's change gears. Let's turn our attention to fiscal '11. In this portion of the review, I'll take you through the key elements of our plan for the new fiscal year. We'll start with our constant currency outlook and then talk about the potential impact of continuing currency volatility. Key message here is that we expect to continue the strong constant currency business momentum we've achieved over the recent years. And as Bill mentioned, we expect sales growth of 3% to 4% led by Emerging Markets; operating income to increase by 7% to 10%, driven by higher volume, supply-chain productivity and an increased gross margin; EPS growth of 7% to 10%, as interest rates rise modestly this year; and another very strong year for cash, generating more than $1 billion of operating free cash flow. I'll start with a simple sales algorithm. For perspective, we expect to see a continuing tough environment in our large developed markets in Europe and in the United States and strong growth of the middle class in Emerging Markets. Putting it all together, our plans call for volume growth of 2% to 3%, driven by growth in Emerging Markets, the impact of new products launched in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2010, more value-based innovation this year, the continuation of our higher marketing investment levels and a flattening of volume in our U.S. Foodservice business. In this environment, we expect very little pricing. Prices are expected to be roughly flat in developed markets, where we should get some pricing in Emerging Markets largely to cover expected commodity inflation there. Assuming no impact from currency, this would put our sales at nearly $11 billion. As Bill mentioned, Emerging Markets are a key growth driver for us. Their importance to our business continues to stair-step upward, and we expect that at least 16% of our sales will come from these markets in fiscal '11. Last year, given the impact to U.S. Foodservice on our developed market results, Emerging Markets generated basically all of our organic growth. And for fiscal '11, we again anticipate 15% plus organic growth from these businesses, and that they will drive the lion's share of our overall growth. Another revenue driver is the marketing investment behind our biggest brands. Over the past four years, we've increased marketing by almost 2/3 or an average growth rate of about 13%. And as we've said before, looking at past recessions, it is those companies that continue to invest in their products and brands that emerge from a downturn even stronger. With this in mind, our plans in FY '11 again call for strong brand support. We expect marketing to be at or above our heavy-up spending level of fiscal '10. In addition, we expect our R&D investment to continue climbing, as we increase our focus on infant nutrition and value-based innovation. And in this environment of tight consumer spending and difficult pricing, productivity continues to be extremely important. Thus, we've appointed a global supply chain leader and a global procurement leader to accelerate our productivity efforts. Between our global initiatives and local projects, we expect gross margin to increase by about 50 basis points. We expect productivity to improve the gross margin by nearly 200 basis points, which should more than offset expected inflation of between 120 and 170 basis points. This also would allow any net pricing to fall through the higher-margin results, and Bob will provide further insight on our productivity plans in a few minutes. Now turning to commodities, we expect the net inflation that hits our P&L to continue to slow. Commodity inflation peaked in FY '09 at about 12% and declined significantly in FY '10 to around 6%. For FY '11, we anticipate the market for our basket of commodities will increase by approximately 2%, but that through the work of our global and regional procurement teams, we can reduce that impact to 1% or less. Overall, we expect packaging and dairy costs to increase significantly, but that they will be largely offset by reductions in tomatoes, potatoes and oil. Importantly, in F '11, we do not expect cross-currency rates to be a significant factor to our results. So we'll not have the same headwind in the cost of sales this year that we endured during fiscal '10. Another part of our productivity story is Project Keystone. As you remember, we're on a march to upgrade our global processes, further automate our activities with SAP and better leverage our global scale. Karen Alber will give you a more complete update on the program shortly, but the highlights for FY '11 include: Implementation of our global ERP blueprint in northern Europe, completion of the roll-out of the indirect procurement module in our largest businesses and planning for the roll-out of the global ERP and SAP in North America. And we're excited about the benefits the program will bring to the company, and our plan for fiscal '11 incorporates approximately $35 million in incremental P&L spending on Project Keystone. Now turning to SG&A, we've made significant progress over the years driving SG&A x marketing down 110 basis points as a percentage of sales in the last four years. Importantly for our fiscal '11, we're targeting a further reduction of 10 to 30 basis points. This reflects ongoing productivity programs, which offset the higher spending for Project Keystone and for strengthening capabilities in our Emerging Markets. As a final note here, after the incremental contributions to our pension plans in fiscal '10, pension expenses will be roughly flat on a year-over-year basis. And to round up the discussion of the P&L, just a quick word on interest and taxes. Overall, we expect the growth in EPS to be about the same as that of operating income this year. Factors below the line include the lapping of gains associated with a total return swap in fiscal '10, the expectation that LIBOR rates will increase modestly during the year and effective tax rate that is expected to be relatively consistent with the rate we achieved in fiscal '10 and no significant share repurchase activity other than that required to offset option exercises, as we focus on growing the business. So summarizing our constant currency P&L outlook, we're targeting about $10.8 billion to $10.9 billion of sales, between $1.67 billion and $1.72 billion of operating income and EPS of $3.06 to $3.16. Now overall, I believe we have exciting plans in place to achieve these results, which the team will take you through today. We also believe that this would represent very strong performance, as we invest in launching formula in China and in the Keystone Project, while dealing with the volatile economic environment. But before finalizing our discussion of the P&L, we need to examine currency trends again. And as Yogi Berra would say, this feels like dj vu all over again. As you know, most foreign currencies bottomed out versus the U.S. dollar back around March of 2009. From then until about last November, the U.S. dollar generally weakened, providing some relief to us and other multinational companies. From then onward, however, we've seen a different pattern. The U.K. pound and euro weakened significantly from November and particularly in the last few weeks. The Kiwi and Aussie dollars generally traded sideways from November through April, but have also dropped versus the U.S. dollar this month. Now while the Indonesian rupiah is holding up well, the Canadian dollar, Indian rupee and Polish zloty have followed roughly the same pattern as the Kiwi and Aussie currencies, each dropping in just the last few weeks. Given that more than 60% of our sales are from outside of the U.S., we watch these currency trends very carefully as you might imagine. But the movements in the last few weeks present a potential downside versus our constant currency outlook. As an additional note on currency, the U.K. transaction cost rates were a significant issue for us in fiscal 2010, particularly the cross between the pound and the euro. Good news is that this cross rate seems to have stabilized, and we don't expect it to be a material factor to results this year. Now while we're not planning on it, if the pound-euro cross rate ever returns to its historic norms of about 0.7, it should represent a real upside for us. On this next page, we've laid out the average translation rates affecting Heinz results for fiscal 2010, as well as the recent average rates, which are based on a 20-day average that we took as we got ready for this meeting. Now we utilized these rates for our FY '11 outlook today. Let's take the pound as an example. In fiscal 2010, our average P&L rate was $1.60. But more recently, the average rate for the pound has been at about $1.48. So as we look at FY '11, if the pound were to maintain this recent average rate, we'd be translating U.K. profit back to the U.S. at a rate almost 8% less than in FY '10. Looking at the other currencies, you can see the average rate for the euro shows weakness as well, down almost 11% against the average for FY '10. This represents a four-year low, by the way. The averages for the New Zealand, Aussie and Canadian dollars are generally in line with the last year's average. Finally, you're aware that the Venezuelan government devalued the bolivar back in January. For FY '11, this cuts our average annual value of the bolivar by more than a third. Now let's layer in the most recent spots we could grab as we got ready for this meeting. The rates are from Tuesday of this week. As you can see, the pound, euro and Canadian dollars dropped another $0.04, the Kiwi dollar was down $0.05 and the Aussie dollar was down $0.08. Now I'm not going to overreact to the currency on any one given day, but clearly, the rates through Tuesday were not all that positive. Having said that, as you'll remember, we started out last fiscal year thinking that currency translation would be a major headwind for us. But by the end of the year, the rates were actually slightly positive. My main message is that these rates are likely to continue to be quite volatile. So setting aside Tuesday's rates, if you assume the recent average rates continue for the next 11 months, they would reduce EPS by about four percentage points resulting in a range of around $2.95 to $3.05. Net-net, no one knows exactly what currencies will do going forward. But we want to share with you the building blocks to help you better understand our expectations and our results as we go through the year. Let's now take a look at our outlook for the balance sheet. Overall, we expect another excellent year of progress on the balance sheet. Capital spending is planned to rise slightly to around 3% of sales, largely reflecting investments for the new Dip & Squeeze packaging and aseptic baby food packaging to help drive our top line. While this investment level is up from FY '10, it is still within the 2% to 3% range that we've maintained for a number of years. We intend to continue our reduction in the cash conversion cycle, taking another three days out of CCC, again, largely driven by inventory reductions. After-tax ROIC is planned to improve by around 30 basis points, as we drive profit growth at a faster rate on our asset base. And our target for operating free cash flow is to again exceed the $1 billion mark. This will be facilitated by much lower pension funding in FY '11 than in FY '10. In terms of our use of cash, our priorities remain largely unchanged. First, our target is to protect and grow the dividend, as evidenced by the increase we announced today. Second, we continue to look for small bolt-on acquisitions in Emerging Markets in our core geographies and categories. And finally, we will continue to drive for lower debt levels. You'll note that share repurchase is not on the current agenda, as we would rather invest in our business to drive growth. At the end of the day, we intend to be prudent stewards of the shareholders' money and operate in a manner consistent with maintaining our investment grade credit rating and outlook. Now just a quick reminder on the dividend. After a modest increase in the dividend last year, for FY '11, we've returned to a more traditional increase. As Bill told you, we are increasing the dividend by over 7% to $1.80. This represents the seventh year in a row of higher dividends and is up 67% from FY '04. We expect this increase to keep us generally in the range of our targeted pay-out ratio of around 60%. So let's summarize the targets. On a constant currency basis, we expect 3% or 4% sales growth, OI to increase between 7% and 10%, while investing in the launch of formula in China and Project Keystone, and EPS declines 7% to 10%. But clearly, currency may impact these numbers. Additionally, the plan calls for operating free cash flow of more than $1 billion. Just a quick note on calendarization during the year. Given the phasing results in fiscal '10, I would expect the stronger volume growth rates to be in the first half of the year, while conversely, I would expect stronger profit growth comparatives in the second half of the year. With that, I'll turn it over to Bob Ostryniec, to take you through, with more depth on the supply chain strategy and plans. Bob?
Bob Ostryniec: Thanks, Art. Good morning. I appreciate Art's insights on currencies and commodities, because as the great Yogi Berra once said, it seems like a nickel isn't worth a dime anymore. As the Global Supply Chain Officer, it's my challenge to leverage our global scale and drive productivity initiatives, so that we can save many more nickels, dimes and even dollars as we look into the future. Turning to our strategy, our global supply chain footprint encompasses four regions, of which North America and Europe account for 75% of the $6.7 billion cost of goods sold. Between our cost of goods sold and our $2 billion of indirect and other spend, our global productivity initiatives will address roughly about $8 billion of spend on an annual basis. We started our supply chain transformation back in 2005, when we consolidated various supply-chain networks, we introduced our Six Sigma principles to our various factories and we began the talent upgrade across the organization. Building from these learnings of our regional focus, in 2008, we launched the global supply chain task force, which focused in on driving sustainable productivity, improving our capital efficiency and A CI culture with best-practice sharing. This structure gave us the validation to move forward with the current global supply chain organization, which we're going to leverage our global scale to drive top growth, margins through higher productivity and cost containment. During the last two years, we focused on four key initiatives that will enable us to achieve our productivity targets. Number one was indirect procurement. We partnered with Ariba, who was a third-party expert to assist us in launching our indirect cost out program, which drove $135 million over the last two years. Some examples were in information technology spend where we consolidated our hardware and software central link and leverage the volume to drive a 10-plus percent volume price reduction. Sales and marketing spend was an area of sourcing has not been involved within the past and with their early engagement of media buying and bundling various brand budgets together, we were able to save about $20 million. Our largest cost category, direct materials, we established global spend teams in our major spend categories such as resin, packaging and tomatoes. The team focused on sharing risk management information globally, which has enabled us to beat the market indices over the last two years, leading to a favorable market price variance of $250 million. We've also established our supplier performance management program in Europe and in North America, which focuses in on our top 100 suppliers, where we have monthly scorecards and quarterly top-to-tops where we review quality cost and service. In manufacturing, we launched our global continuous improvement program or what we're calling our Heinz Global Performance System, otherwise known as HGPS, across 23 factories. And in these factories, we've already seen a 10-plus percent increase in efficiencies, a 3% increase in yields, and these improvements, as well as various automation has enabled us to reduce our manufacturing footprint by 11%. Finally, in logistics, we focused on warehouse consolidations by reducing our footprint by 28%. And in transportation, we in-sourced our traffic management to have better control and visibility of not only our outbound but our inbound freight. These initiatives have led to $50 million of savings, while increasing our customer fill rates. You've just seen some of our largest accomplishments over the last two years, and here is a snapshot of our five-year supply chain transformation in North America and Europe. You can see factories and SKUs were reduced by 20-plus percent. Revenue per plant increased by 46%, while improving our safety record by 47%. We've also invested in capabilities by training over 650 Black Belts and Green Belts throughout the entire organization. All of this has enabled us to drive 3% productivity year-on-year, or 2x the previous run rate. As you can see, we have been working our way to the global structure over the previous two years. Now that we have the global organization in place, my purpose will be, number one, to provide the strategic leadership across the regions and supply chain. We're going to implement common standards and metrics across all the factories and the distribution centers. There's a saying, if you do not measure it, you cannot improve it, and I truly do believe in this. We're going to enhance our global procurement capabilities to include the rest of the world, and provide a vehicle to share best practice capabilities between the regions. With a portfolio of 75 factories, one area's factory's strength can be another factory's area of learning. I'd give an example, over the last 60 days, myself, our Chief Procurement Officer and various other members have been traveling through the regions of Australia, China, India and Indonesia, and I can tell you, we're excited about the opportunities that we see out there, by putting in some of these global initiatives, common metrics and not only sharing best practices between those regions, but taking best practices we saw in those regions to our developing regions and vice versa. And the last initiative I'll focus on is leveraging talent and knowledge. In the last 60 days, we have made a number of key moves that have aligned our talent and expertise with needs across the globe. For example, we have just moved our global HGPS leader down to Australia as the Director of Manufacturing. He'll be responsible for the five factories in Australia. Imagine the quick implementation of HGPS in those factories with his functional expertise of being on the ground in Australia. We've also taken a seasoned veteran Director of Procurement from Europe and he will lead our procurement operations in Asia. Once again, we'll take that expertise and put it in a region. And last but not the least, we've taken an HGPS leader out of the United States and he will read our HGPS program in the Emerging Markets. With all of this, we have the momentum, we have the process, the tools and the structures, the design to achieve the $1 billion worth of productivity and reduced inventory levels, without impacting our service. Now let me show you a few initiatives that will enable us to meet these objectives. From a best-practice viewpoint, these are just few of many best practices for us to share across the regions to deliver quick wins for our businesses, taking the learnings from our European finished goods inventory reduction initiative to all the other regions, or the waste-reduction program that North America implemented, which reduced shipping damage and obsolescence by 50%. Our HGPS and Keystone will provide consistent global metrics, which will enable us to benchmark all 75 factories and functions across the regions, along with aligning our incentive system. Example, we can now compare factory data such as yield, labor and other spend between our two largest ketchup facilities, Freemont and Elst, which has and will continue to spotlight areas of improvement for each of these factories. With our sourcing capabilities now in place, we're now ready to take the next step in cultivating collaborative sourcing. We are in the process of identifying partners in key categories such as resins, metals and proteins, so that we can leverage our scale. I also believe there will be additional opportunities to share manufacturing assets. An example we have applied this practice already is an agreement with Simplot, where they produce some french fries for us and we produce fries for them, utilizing each other's asset base to its fullest potential. A significant advantage that we have at Heinz is our tomato agricultural team, which consist of agronomists located throughout the world. Over the years, we have been promoting agricultural best practices, traceability from seed to fork and developing various geographic sources of our tomatoes, which gives us a competitive advantage of our tomato purchase, which is our second largest spend category. These activities have led to significant field yields, disease-resistant plants and efficient usage of water across the globe. We are committed to continue developing these regions in the future, as a way to ensure long-term sustainable supply of tomatoes. In summary, we have a track record of delivering, which gives us the confidence of meeting our FY '11 targets of 3% productivity and a three-day reduction in inventory. We do see additional opportunities on our Emerging Markets by rolling out the global initiatives that I've spoken of such as our HGPS or our indirect cost out program, which will enable us to meet our $1 billion of cost out target by FY' 15. Now let me turn it over to Karen Alber, who will discuss our Keystone implementation plan. Thank you.
Karen Alber: Good morning. Thanks, Bob. Before Bill makes the comment for me, I'm assuming you're probably going to have a hard time seeing me behind the podium. So I think, I'm going to ditch the podium. I think, they designed it for maybe Art and Bob, not for me. But anyway, good morning. I'd like to share a little bit with you today about our Keystone program. And as you can see, we've got a pretty extensive scope on what Keystone is going to cover to capitalize on our game plan to leverage global scale. We'd also like to capitalize on our ability to maintain our local market excellence as we move forward. So the Keystone program has been developed to both leverage the scale as well as maintain that local market excellence. We've also incorporated our SAP success thus far into our learnings and our plans to date. Leveraging global scale is a significant key enabler to our overall strategy as you can see here in our third pillar. So it is a key part of our overall strategy for the organization. The global process design and wall-to-wall SAP will actually cover three major things that we're actually going to do. First of all, provide the organization with improved information and insight. Secondly, as you've heard, improve our ability to share best practices and resources. And then certainly, build the capabilities collectively across the organization versus on a market-by-market basis. Harmonizing our processes and systems is a key critical part of our strategy moving forward for Heinz. There are numerous strategic benefits to these effort. As mentioned, we are looking at this on an enterprise scale and seeing great benefits. Our business units can adopt best practices versus spending the time and money to build this on their own. From an M&A perspective, our SAP implementations have proved very beneficial. A few examples to date have been: In Canada, we have successfully integrated our last four acquisitions within 120 days. In the U.K., we were able to implement the HP systems integration also within 120 days. And in that SAP transition, we also eliminated over 100 legacy applications in that transition. Keystone incorporates three major components: building capabilities, harmonizing our processes and standardizing our systems. First and foremost, we are doing this to drive the business and building these capabilities into a template for use by all of our businesses worldwide. During this design once versus many times is giving our businesses the ability to share the best practices and resources around the world as quick as we can. We will also transition our IS organization to a more streamlined mode of operating, based primarily on one ERP system versus a proliferation of many systems talking to each other. This allows the IS organization to get out of this software development and integration business, and be able to spend our time on moving the business forward. Speaking from a personal perspective of having done this for over 10 years here and in other places, we have structured this for success. We're not reinventing the wheel, and we certainly are actually capitalizing on the fact that many have been down this path before. So we're building in a lot of those do's and don'ts into our plans. Keystone is designed certainly to do what you would expect of a process and systems integration as you can see here. But we are also setting our sights on what this can do for us strategically. We will enable the supply-chain agenda, be able to integrate acquisitions as you heard more seamlessly, improve our ability to interact with our third parties and improve the effectiveness and efficiency of our back office as well. This is not a systems implementation for Heinz. We are looking at all of our functions to put in capabilities to take our business to the next level. We are looking to streamline the make, move and support functions across the organization, essentially supply chain, HR, finance and our order-to-cash processes, so that we can spend as much of our time in our business and our time, resources and insight to grow the top line and enable the business. We've defined the global template across the organization that includes capabilities, data standards, implementation methods and the system design. This template was developed by bringing in over 300 employees from around the world, running over 100-plus workshops to get their input and turn that over to the project team for the detailed design. So we are very excited about the global involvement we've had thus far. In our global template, we've also incorporated the learnings from our SAP implementations to date, as well as what these global teams told us that they needed to build into the design. From a systems perspective, we have historically evolved our systems environment on a business unit-by-business unit basis. We will now have the ability to capitalize on our scale to reduce our complexity. And as you can see, we have an aggressive agenda of moving forward to improve our global technology footprint. We're moving from a very fragmented systems environment to a much more integrated and streamlined mode of operating on the technology side. For example, we're going to be moving from having 15 network providers all talking to each other to one global network provider globally. This will be a significant enabler to collaboration, speed and our overall systems performance. As far as our status thus far, we're excited about where we are. The global template is going very well and we look forward to the implementation in northern Europe in Q2. We're also ramping up our North American efforts to ready that business as well. Our global procurement effort, as you heard from Bob, is progressing very well. The system is providing the sourcing teams with tremendous information to drive savings. As an example, we've got one category in Europe where we've been able to move from sourcing from hundreds of suppliers to two suppliers, netting a 5% to 10% savings in just that category alone. On the implementation front, the SAP SRM portion, the procurement portion of SAP, that implementation is proceeding very well. We have implemented 35 sites with over 1,700 users on time, enabling over 60% of our indirect spend thus far. But instead of you hearing about this from me, from a CIO perspective, I thought it would help for you to hear right from the business as how our procurement efforts and our SAP implementation are progressing. [Video Presentation] You just saw an example of how we took one process in end-to-end view, in one business unit from an overall value-chain standpoint, from marketing, to operations, to the back office. So this was just one example. So you can kind of see the idea of why we are so excited about being able to take this capability on a much, much broader scale. We have front-ended the rollout of procurement in SAP as you can see as a results. So we have one system, one way of working around the world for all of our businesses from a procurement standpoint, and it's progressing very, very well. We also have plans to have the indirect spend pretty much primarily enabled on our system by the end of F '11 as you can see. On the ERP front, our global template will assist us on our ability to drive this across regions simultaneously, targeting by the end of F '14 to have the core of the Heinz organization enabled globally. With the capabilities and tools we are developing, we are well-positioned to drive the billion dollars of productivity that you've heard about thus far, and the incremental cash targets over the next five years. Having grown up in the supply chain for the first half of my career, grown up being relative, I can say that I'm very confident in the capabilities and tools that we're putting in to be able to play the role it needs to play for the productivity agenda. So in addition, it's also key to establishing the foundation for growth that you're going to hear from, from many of our leaders today. In summary, we're extremely excited about our progress thus far, as well as our enterprise transformation plan moving forward. We've had tremendous success in making the process changes to drive the productivity to this point, and we paid every SAP go-live on time in the last few years. So we've got a great team in place, great experience, with great energy to make this happen. Procurement's progressing well, our global template's getting ready for a Q2 go-live in northern Europe and we're readying the global template in the North American team, as well as the remainder of the corporation to complete this by the end of 2014. So we're happy with our progress and excited about unleashing the further value moving forward. So with that, I will turn it over to Meg for Q&A and the remainder of the team.
Margaret Nollen: All right. Any questions?
Terry Bivens: I'm Terry Bivens from JPMorgan. Bill, we talked a little bit about this last night, but could you give us some more color on the hedging policy or, I guess, unlike '09, you've decided, I guess, at this point in time, not to do it as we go forward into '11. What was the decision process?
William Johnson: There are two elements. Transactions had been hedged certainly in the U.K. for the first quarter and other markets across the year. So from a transaction standpoint, I think, if anything, we'll maybe be slightly positive this year, probably close to immaterial to slightly positive. From a translation standpoint, time was the issue. Because of the accounting rules and the mark-to-market rules, the currency started to move at the end of April. We could not take a position at the end of April, because all that would have been reflected in the prior fiscal year. So rather than chase a falling knife, we're going to wait this out and see how this plays out. We got a bit of a balance today, the Aussies is up pretty significantly, the pound's up significantly this morning, vis-a-vis the euro. So I think the prudent approach right now, Terry, is to wait this out and see how this goes. Lots of moving parts here that also make this a very difficult time to do it. The last time we did this, there was a clear trend and downward bias that had been in place for a while, and we were coming off very high numbers and we're trying to protect the budget. Now the trends are completely unclear. The Aussie dropped by $0.08, primarily as a function of tax issues in Australia, which the government appears to be at least temporarily backing off on with pressure from the HP and others. And so I think as we look at these, it's just the timing was an issue. And right now, I just think we'd put ourselves in jeopardy to try to guess this market. As I've said to someone last night, I could sit here and give you a 30-minute debate on it'll go down in a 30-minute upside argument also. So I think we're just going to wait this out the best way we can. If we start to see a clear and discernible trend in some of these markets, we may get back to you. But from a translation standpoint, we are fundamentally for the most part unhedged.
Christopher Growe: Bill, I wonder if you just can speak to just kind of conditions in the EU, and how you at look 2011? You look into your fourth quarter, the volumes are a little softer in the fourth quarter. And just sequentially, is that an underlying weak consumer environment? Do you see that continuing in 2011? How will Europe kind of play out in coming year?
William Johnson: Well, I think you have to look at Europe in two segments. The second half in Europe last year was obviously much better than the first half. We're still going through a lot of SKU rationalization in the European businesses, particularly in the Continent and the U.K. We've got some repositioning of some brands going on in those markets. I mean, I feel relatively optimistic on a -- not a completely optimistic view of Europe this year. Europe for me is going to be an issue of a couple of things. How bad the austerity programs get, and what's going to happen to the consumers as a consequence of that. Britain announced in Australia program the other day, Italy followed yesterday and whether or not those start to impinge upon the consumers ability to spend, the good news is, I mean, where at the bottom of that chain. The last thing will go will be food. And so, I think, from that standpoint I think the plans we have in place this year, the innovation we have in place, puts us in pretty good position. I think the second thing, if you go back to Europe and you look at our ketchup performance, 9.5% organic growth, 6% volume growth last year in a very difficult environment, yet we're only selling one out of every five bottles sold in the continent. We have very specific plans to help alleviate that and to drive that. So if we get to two bottles or 1.5 bottles, are significant upside on ketchup. I mean, we have a lot of peer companies that would love to be up here talking about 100-year-old brand that's still is growing in a compound rate of almost double digit in a market that most of the market views as not very good, and that's Europe. So I think with the increased focus on ketchup this year, I also feel pretty good. I think the other thing you have to look out in terms of dampening last year, when we made the Benedicta acquisition, a lot of that business was private label. And we took a strategic decision last year to basically get out of the private label piece of Benedicta. And so we had a very significant SKU impact from that in France in particular, but also across the continent. So from that standpoint, we are not anticipating or counting on a great deal of top-side growth from Europe. But I think we'll see flattish volumes, maybe slightly up this year of the European businesses. We've increased spending behind the It has to be Heinz program, we've increased spending in Continental Europe, behind a lot of innovation they've got and ketchup is the primary focus. I mean, the ketchup upside in Europe is pretty significant. I mean, I would be surprised if you weren't surprised to see an almost 10% organic growth rate in Europe last year out of our ketchup business when we've only been there for 90-some-odd years, and six-points of volume and we are not close to optimizing the potential there. And that deal is within Spain where we've had significant issues with customers and where the economy obviously is in a doldrums. But there are significant upside in ketchup, and that's going to be the primary focus for us in Europe. So I'm as optimistic as we can be. I'm certainly think we're better positioned because of the focus on that brand versus most of our peers.
David Palmer: Dave Palmer, UBS. It seems like you're excited about reinvesting in marketing and advertising in some of these opportunities overseas, whether it be condiments or some infant nutrition and some of the marketing elasticities into volume that you're getting overseas. How do you balance that and the returns you see there with what you get in the U.S. and not overly sort of orphaning that U.S. business in ways that you might be spending through a trough period in terms of those returns? Does that make sense?
William Johnson: Yes, you'll see some of the orphans up here later today. I think what they'll show you in the U.S. is the plans behind Ore-Ida are very exciting. We got lot of new news and innovation coming in Ore-Ida, and brand's responding quite well. Kristen Clark will show you very exciting plans behind small ones. So I don't think, David, I would look at it that we're shipping all the investment out of U.S. market. Over the last two years, our marketing spending in the U.S. has grown significantly. Total support between marketing and deals and allowances issue in the U.S. will be up pretty significantly again. I think you may see more of a balance in the U.S. because of the pressure from the trade and the customers in terms of how we allocate funding. But we're also going to put money where we get the best return. You expect us to do that, our shareholders expects us to do that, our Board expects us to do that and I expect us to do that. And if you look at some of our volumes in the fourth quarter in the Emerging Markets with one small exception, we literally had double-digit volume growth across almost all of our Emerging Markets, obviously, Venezuela had an issue with currency and with the devaluation. But if you look at all our other Emerging Markets, particularly in Asia, you're looking at 13%, 14%, 15% volume growth, we've had 15% volume growth in Russia. So we had very strong volume performance. Now the balance act is, why not feed those animals that are growing the fastest and running the fastest, and then make sure that you're not disinvesting or not starving the other animals that are critically important to you and I think we've done a pretty good job of balancing that. But this is going to be an ongoing question, frankly from your part to us, because it's going to be an ongoing rebalancing of our spending against these markets. But you'll see a lot of good stuff out of the North American team today, so really exciting plans, particularly in our key brands.
Andrew Lazar: Andrew Lazar at Barclays Capital. You talked about, Bill and Art, the likelihood that pricing would be probably flattish maybe up slightly for the year in fiscal '11. Would you expect that to be the case in NACP as well? Just given what we've seen going on in the fourth quarter with respect to price, but also what you're seeing generally kind in the industry, maybe not surprisingly, but it seems like obviously, the promotional levels are up a bit trying to drive volumes, consumers are still strapped. So I want to get a sense of how that kind of plays out?
William Johnson: I think our North American CP pricing is a downward bias. It's not significant, but we're going to see a downward bias as we make some decisions in terms of how we invest against those brands. We're going to get significant pricing in the Emerging Markets as a function of commodity cost and the ability to move price in those markets given where we stand relative to peers. And I think the rest of the world is just going to be -- we'll take opportunities where we have opportunities. But I think, individually, we'll look at brand by brand, Andrew. It's going to be very difficult than historically, because there are brands where we can take price. I mean, we don't have to get price back. There are other brands where it's going to be from a promotion-intensity standpoint or decisions strategically, that we think there's upside opportunity, and that the volume lift outweighs the cost to generate that volume when we make that decision. But in North America, I think, you'll see a downward bias, Europe will be flattish and the rest of the world should be up fairly significantly.
Alexia Howard: Alexia Howard with Sanford Bernstein. Art, one for you on the gross margins, you've been pedaling hard against traveling commodity cost pressures over the last year. The gross margins have been coming up quite nicely recently. So could you talk a little bit more about the puts and takes within the gross margin line? It seems like 50 basis points for this year may be a little conservative. You've got productivity improvements coming through. Is it pricing concerns, or what are the things that you're worried about in there?
Arthur Winkleblack: No, I think, Bob's got broad shoulders, so we're expecting good strong gross margin growth. But I think as we look at it, and we've got visibility on the commodity costs as we look forward. As I mentioned, some are going up and some are going down. They're starting to look like some inflationary pressure coming on some of the commodities more toward the back half. With the current economic gyrations, we're not so sure if that inflation will occur. Pricing is the question mark also. As Bill mentioned, in developed markets, I think, pricing will come hard. So we're looking at that closely. But we're very excited about the productivity plans. Bob, if you want to add anything from a productivity standpoint?
Bob Ostryniec: I think our biggest leverage is, as you heard, is how do we take what we've developed in North America and Europe, and expand that into the Emerging Markets.
William Johnson: I would be disappointed, Alexia, if we don't beat those numbers. And by the way, you should see Karen try to ride Art's bike.
Margaret Nollen: I think the other thing, Art, you may have mentioned, that we've got some incremental investments this year as well.
Arthur Winkleblack: Yes. Less so in the gross profit margin, but more so in the fixed, or in the SG&A or in subsidiary with Keystone. So we're building that into the algorithm as we go forward. Feel good about where we are on that, but it does cost some money as we go.
Bryan Spillane: I guess this is for Art and for Karen, just on productivity, a couple of clarifications. First, in terms of reaching the billion of productivity, how much are you expecting to spend in order to get that? And then also, if I look at the schedule, where you kind of lay out the plan ahead, it looks like in terms of a year-on-year step up, the most incremental year is fiscal '12, is that an accurate way to read this slide?
Karen Alber: Yes. The step up primarily in that year is with us ramping up our North America business. So as we do, the global template does allow us to start to do multiple regions simultaneously and we will be ramping up North America, while simultaneously completing for the Europe piece.
Bryan Spillane: The benefits that we would see in the P&L would come through in fiscal '12 or fiscal '13?
Arthur Winkleblack: You're starting to see, for instance, an indirect procurement. We're already streaming one savings, and Bob had talked about that, so you've seen some of that coming through. Right now, in relatively earlier stages, you're seeing more costs coming through the benefit. Over time, you'll see that cost starting to plateau, it will increase over time a little bit. I think we've got that built in the algorithm, but that will start plateauing in a habitual, I'll pace it.
William Johnson: Yes, we got a slightly different brand. I mean, I look at the way we performed over the last four or five years with SAP and 25% of the company with 90 global supply chain, and these are all incremental opportunities that should add to what we've gotten. And the reality is, one of the reasons you're not seeing some of that factored in is we just don't know how much the increments' going to be. The U.S. has pretty good ERP systems. On a relative basis, we'll get a lot of opportunity as we're able to consolidate certain functions and so forth. But to me, I sort of look at it differently. If you look at Bob's progression and you look at Karen's progression, marry that with our performance over the last four or five years and then recognize the step up that we ought to see, and the ability to not only get improved performance in those markets but the ability to share that improve performance. I mean, one of the big criticisms leveled against this company historically, that's an appropriate criticism I mentioned in my comments and Steve Clark will mention it later, is either an inability or unwillingness to share across regions. Now we've improved dramatically between the U.S. and Europe, but we haven't touched the Pacific or the rest of the world. And there is clear upside in those markets. Bob, as he said, has spent a fair amount of time in Australia, and the Pacific and in China over the last couple of weeks because we see huge upside. So I think what you would see, you will see ongoing benefits from the continued rollout of implementation across the markets we're in now, you'll see disproportionate benefits as Bob brings some of the HGPS opportunities to the markets that haven't been involved and then you'll see the incremental benefits in '13 and '14 as we get the North American team fully up and running. And you got to remember, Canada has been on a version of SAP for a better part of a decade. So I think that the response to that is we're not sure exactly how much we're going to get beyond that. I mean, my team has heard me talk about the $1 billion. I set the goal and frankly, as I've said to the Board, I'd be disappointed if we don't do better than that as we really get these systems in place, and the transparency of our operations becomes very clear and our ability, more importantly, to transfer that knowledge across our BUs. Our business units is really where the leverages.
Arthur Winkleblack: I don't know if you think about it, if you benchmark us against our peers, we stack up very, very well in most measures. Gross margin is still lagging some, so we think we've got some opportunity there to drive that forward, and what Bob and Karen are doing are driving toward that.
Ann Gurkin: If we're sitting here in five years and you put up your scorecard looking back to prior five years, what would you like to see on that scorecard?
William Johnson: I'd like to see what you saw today. I'd like to see consistent, continued improvement, both from a margin standpoint and a top line standpoint. I think you will see a dramatically different company five years from now; you will see a dramatically more important Emerging Markets business; you'll see some portfolio shifts, probably in the developing and the developed world as we begin to recognize the difficulty in some of those markets and I'm not going to tell you exactly what those are going to be, but I have a pretty good sense. So you'll see a business five years out that I would hope, short of currency, in a constant-currency basis, would have shown similar metrics to what we've done, continued improvement in returns, continued improvement in margins. In fact, I think, more rapid improvement in margins. Continued improvement in the top line vis--vis the shipped to Emerging Markets as a more significant piece of the portfolio and the opportunity, in my view, to leverage that into markets where we can't now in terms of limitations on the balance sheet that we shouldn't have five years from now as we continue to pay down debt, and as we continue to look for better opportunities in the emerging world and we make bigger bets. But the one thing I can tell you almost assuredly and I will share this with you is five years from now, Emerging Markets will represent every bit of 25% to 30% of this company. Every bit of that. I'm short of some kind of transformative situation someplace else, which is you heard me say at CAGNY, I certainly don't anticipate.
Margaret Nollen: Okay. So we've got a 15-minute break. For those of you on the webcast, we'll start promptly at 9:45 and we'll have a regional overview by the President. Thank you.

===== 2010 Q2  (2009-11-24 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Meg Nollen - Vice President, Investor Relations Bill Johnson - Chairman and CEO Art Winkleblack - EVP and CFO Ed McMenamin - Senior VP Finance and Corporate Controller
Analysts: Terry Bivens  JP Morgan Jonathan Feeney  Janney Montgomery Scott Alexia Howard  Sanford Bernstein Ed Aaron  RBC Capital David Driscoll  Citi Investment Chris Growe  Stifel Nicolaus Rob Moskow  Credit Suisse Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank Bryan Spillane  Bank of America Andrew Lazar  Barclays Capital
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Welcome everyone to the H.J. Heinz Company Fiscal Year 2010 Second Quarter Earnings Release Conference Call. I would now like to turn the call over to Meg Nollen, Vice President, Investor Relations. 
Meg Nollen: Id like to welcome everyone to our conference call and webcast. Copies of the slides used in today's presentation are available on our website at www.heinz.com. Joining me on todays call are Bill Johnson, Chairman and CEO, Art Winkleblack, EVP and CFO, and Ed McMenamin, Senior VP Finance and Corporate Controller. Before we begin with our prepared remarks, please refer to the forward looking statement currently displayed. This is also available in this morning's earnings release and in our most recent SEC filings. To summarize, during our presentation we may make forward looking statements about our business that are intended to assist you in your understanding of the company and its results.  We ask you to refer to our April 29, 2009, Form 10-K, and todays press release, which lists some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in these statements. Heinz undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward looking statement whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by securities law.  We may also use non-GAAP financial measures in our presentation as the company believes such measures allow for consistent period to period comparison of the business. The most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures are available in the companys earnings release as well as on our website at www.heinz.com. Please note we plan to file our second quarter 10-Q by the end of the day today. Our related financial highlights pages or stat pages will then become available in the Investor Relations section of the website towards the bottom of the page. During todays call, Bill will review Heinz strong financial performance, our upgraded fiscal 10 outlook and recent consumer trends. Art will then review the remaining 5 Cs, our financial performance during the quarter and a quick year to date update. Then of course well all be available to take your questions. Wed like to request that you limit your questions during the Q&A session to one in order to ensure adequate time for all those who wish to participate. Now with the formalities out of the way, let me turn the call over to Bill Johnson. 
Bill Johnson: Its a pleasure to join you to discuss our solid second quarter financial results and our upgraded outlook for fiscal 2010. Additionally, I will share a few insights on how consumers seem to be adapting to the new economy and how their pursuit of value is shaping the competitive landscape in our industry. Consumers are the fulcrum of the 5 Cs that we frequently refer to at Heinz and they are at the heart of our plans to drive our great brands and accelerate our growth in emerging markets. Consequently we are continuing to intensify our focus on delivering premium quality, innovation and new products that drive even better value for consumers. Looking first at our results, on a continuing operations basis Heinz deliver 2.5% growth in reported sales, 6% growth in operating income, and earnings per share of $0.76. Total company EPS of $0.73 reflects the sales of a small non-core food service business in the quarter which Art will discuss when he covers discontinued operations. Importantly, on a constant currency basis we grew sales by 3.5%, operating income by more then 10% and EPS from continuing operations by almost 16%, reflecting continued organic growth in our top 15 brands, the benefits of carry over pricing, improved productivity and strong performance in emerging markets. Heinz also generated exceptionally strong operating free cash flow of $293 million, that more then doubled from a year ago. Our strong focus on cash continues to produce excellent results while providing Heinz with increased balance sheet flexibility. Importantly, it has also enabled Heinz to deliver dividend growth of almost 56% since fiscal 2004, a compound annual growth rate of almost 8%. Emerging markets where we are well positioned, continued to be a primary growth engine for Heinz as our 12% organic sales growth in the second quarter confirms. India, one of our catalysts in emerging markets delivered 26% organic sales growth in the second quarter, led by strong sales of Complan and Glucon-D nutritional beverages, two great examples of our companys health and wellness emphasis. We are opening a new factory next month in India to support the growth of these brands which is being fueled by product innovations and increased marketing focused on childrens health. Latin America was another growth driver in the second quarter with 38% organic sales growth led by higher sales of Heinz Ketchup and baby food. Im particularly encouraged by our trajectory in Mexico, a relatively new and promising geography for Heinz with more then 100 million consumers and the ninth largest ketchup market in the world. Our team in Mexico has achieved a record ketchup share of 12% according to Nielsen after a little more then a year on the market. Im also encouraged by the early success of our wet baby food launch in Mexico where we are growing share after investing in a new jarred baby food line in Guadalajara that began production in the first quarter. Heinz baby food and Heinz Ketchup have won the important exclusive endorsement of the Mexican Pediatric Association. Turning to Europe, Russia continues to perform well with 16% organic sales growth in quarter two driven by a higher volume of ketchup and baby food. With expanding distribution in the worlds second largest ketchup market, our solid relationship with McDonalds and aggressive marketing, the outlook for Heinz ketchup and sauces in this still largely untapped growth market is very encouraging. We have recently added new ketchup capacity at our Otradnoe factory outside of St. Petersburg and are planning further investments in our Georgievsk baby food factory to sustain our rapid momentum in infant nutrition. Importantly, Russia delivered the highest ketchup value share growth in Europe, complementing Heinz ketchup sales growth in virtually all of our top European markets. Of note, our European ketchup sales grew more then 10% organically in the quarter. Overall, emerging markets generated 15% of the companys total sales in the second quarter as well as year to date and they remain well on track to deliver approximately 20% of our annual sales by 2013 more then double their contribution of five years ago. No one of Heinz size has the breadth or capabilities in emerging markets that we possess. We have proved our ability to growth both organically and through external investments in these markets using a buy and build strategy focused on expanded distribution, new product launches and strong local marketing expertise. Turning now to our three global core categories; infant/nutrition delivered 8.7% organic sales growth in the quarter on a the strength of new products and innovation. Ketchup and sauces grew 3.7% and Heinz built share in a number of key markets. Today, Heinz ketchups strong number one positions in seven of the top 10 global markets including the US, Canada, and the UK. In our meals and snacks category, organic sales of Ambient meals like beans and soup increased 5.1% but frozen declined 9.7% reflecting a difficult year on year comparison and a global trend of consumers spending fewer dollars in the frozen category. Our top 15 brands delivered almost 2% organic sales growth led by higher sales of our hallmark Heinz branded products and Complan which has grown so rapidly that has recently become the third emerging market brand in our top 15 list joining Pudliszki in Poland and ABC in Indonesia. Overall, Heinz delivered organic sales growth for the 18th consecutive quarter, led by our dynamic growth in emerging markets. Across our portfolio, pricing up 4.6% offset lower volume of 4.1% in the second quarter, a subject I would like to address. The volume results, while not at all satisfying, did reflect a difficult comparison versus the second quarter fiscal 2009 when US retailers drove significant volume growth in North American consumer products behind the heavy buy in ahead of quarter end price increases. Volume in this years quarter also reflected the continuing decline in US restaurant traffic and its consequent impact on our food service business. During the first half of the year we strategically focused the company on profit and cash to protect us from the credit crisis and the strains in the economy, as I said we would at both our Cagney and May year end updates. However, given the stabilizing consumer environment and the economy, we are modifying our plans in the second half to drive the volume and market shares of our leading brands in developed markets as well as continue our rapid growth in emerging markets. Importantly, we expect meaningful volume growth in the third quarter supported by actions that are already underway. We are significantly increasing marketing investments in the second half of the year, particularly in North America and Europe, while accelerating new product activity as well. Globally, we anticipate marketing will increase at least 15% this year compared to fiscal 2009. to provide further perspective, this means that our marketing investments will have increased by more then $130 million over the last four years or almost 50%. Our increased investments underscore our commitment to driving profitable growth and volume.  We have launched several exciting new marketing initiatives to drive growth in the US and the UK for the second half. The US team, for example, has recently launched an aggressive consumer value program or CVP as we refer to it. The cornerstone to this program are coupons that reward loyalty to Heinz, selective price point adjustments that are more attractive to cost conscious consumers, targeted media, increased point of purchase and in store marketing, and increased new product activity, particularly in frozen. With this campaign underway we expect mid-single digit volume growth in our North American consumer products business in the back half of the fiscal year. In the UK meanwhile, Heinz has launched our largest marketing campaign in that key market in five years. The campaign is called It Has To Be Heinz and it is designed to efficiently and effectively support the entire Heinz family of products. This comprehensive focused initiative is off to a very strong start and the early results are indicating significant volume and share lift in the Heinz basket, including ketchup, soup and beans. New Zealand has just completed the most successful marketing initiative in its history of partnership with one of the countries two largest customers. The joint promotion featured over 400 Watties products and drove not only our share but our customers business as well. Innovation that delivers quality and value will be key to growth in this changing environment.  Heinz introduced new products like our value sized 44oz jars of classical pasta sauces in the second quarter and we have a robust pipeline of new products including value size packages of Ore-Ida french fries and our projected launch of Ore-Ida sweet potato french fries planned for early next year. We will discuss specifics on these and other initiatives at Cagney. Overall, our goal continues to be to strike an optimal balance between pricing, promotion, productivity, profit, and volume, with increased marketing support and investments, stronger commercial plans and a heightened focus on value oriented innovation for consumers. Based on our strong financial results to date, the improving currency climate, our continued momentum in emerging markets, and the benefits we expect from our second half marketing activity, we are increasing our full year earnings per share outlook to a range of $2.72 to $2.82 from continuing operations versus our original target of $2.60 to $2.70. We are also significantly increasing our outlook for operating free cash flow to approximately $1 billion versus our original target of $850 to $900 million, and we still expect constant currency sales growth of 4% to 6%. Please note that our increased outlook for the full year is for continuing operations which excluding the divestiture of a small non-core business in the second quarter as well as other potential small non-core divestitures this year, like the sale of our private label frozen desserts business in the UK which we completed yesterday. Now that Ive shared a brief overview of the second quarter and our outlook I want to spend a few minutes on the consumer environment. The prolonged recession has clearly affected consumer behavior particularly in North America and Europe. High unemployment and the specter of further job losses continues to negatively impact consumer confidence and purchasing patterns. For example, US unemployment in October, as all of you are well aware, climbed above 10% for the first time since 1983 and the jobless rate in many European nations remains very steep as well. Even though the global recession appears to be abating theres no question that consumer and customers remain intensely focused on value which they are more often defining as price. Consumers in particular are looking for bargains wherever they shop for food and household items. From my perspective, several trends in the competitive landscape are worth noting. First, retailers have clearly felt this pressure as well as benefits from some softening in the commodity environment. In response they have sought to entice thrifty consumers with a broader array of private label offerings and low prices. They have also seized on the growing trend of at home dining by expanding their focus on the deli and chilled departments as well as prepared take home foods.  These areas are growing rapidly which is why we have increased our presence in the chilled category in a few select markets with products like Renees Dressing in Canada, La Bonne Cuisine Dips in New Zealand and Arthurs a small chilled smoothies business in Canada which we acquired yesterday. It is also clear, however, that the growth of private label is slowing as consumer confidence picks up, opening a window of opportunity for trusted brand name leaders like Heinz that are focused on quality and value. The private label trends also foster the emergence of more aggressive activity from second tier brands that have been chasing volume at the expense of category development. Strong brands like Heinz Watties as we have just shown are adapting to this new environment in many ways, including partnering with major customers to drive category growth for Heinz in our retailers. As I said earlier, we are nimbly adjusting our plans in response to the new consumer trends and changes in our markets and we are taking action to invigorate our categories and further enhance our strong brand equity. In the US Im proud to say that Heinz once again ranked first in customer satisfaction among food manufacturers for the 10th consecutive year in the University of Michigans American Customer Satisfaction Index, which was announced last Tuesday. Heinz has now achieved the highest customer satisfaction score in the food manufacturing sector every year since 2000 an accomplishment that reflects the consistently high quality and taste of our premium brands, our commitment to innovation and food safety and our strong insights into what consumers expect when they purchase Heinz products. In the UK, Marketing Magazine recently reported that consumers ranked Heinz as the most loved food brand in that nation for our ketchup, beans, and soup sold strong number one share positions. Importantly, Heinz was among the very few brands ranked by consumers above store brands that also appeared in the top 10, affirming the consumers preference for our tradition of quality and value. In summary, Heinz delivered strong first half financial results and we are raising our full year outlook for EPS and cash. With our strength and faster growing emerging markets, substantially increased marketing and innovation in effect to consumer programs in place for the second half Im confident that Heinz will deliver our key targets for the year and enhance our track record as one of the worlds best performing global food companies. At this time Im going to turn the presentation over to Art to provide you with more details on the second quarter.
Art Winkleblack: Were pleased with our second quarter performance and Im happy to provide the detail behind Bills summary remarks. Given the changing environment in which were operating, I wanted to give you the three key perspectives on company performance for the quarter. These include: Total Company reported results Continuing Operations Continuing Operations on a constant currency basis Total company reported EPS was down $0.14 reflecting the $0.18 mark to market gain on currency hedges in Q2 last year and the impact of discontinued operations this year. Pealing back the onion, you can see that EPS from continuing operations was down $0.10 which again reflects the impact of currency changes and the hedge gains last year. We believe that the results from continuing operations on a constant currency basis are the best indicator of the health of our business and from this angle our results are up nearly 16%. During the quarter we reported a $0.04 loss from the sale of Kabobs, a small non-core business from our US food service operation. Were pleased to have completed this sales as we streamline the focus of our food service operations. We continue to assess opportunities to prune other small non-core businesses that could help us further simplify our global portfolio and in fact just yesterday, completed the sale of our private label frozen dessert business in the UK. These and other potential small divestitures are not expected to have a material impact on the ongoing profitability of Heinz. Earlier, Bill mentioned the 5 Cs and now lets take a look at one of them; currency. Currency continues to be very volatile but the good news is that most foreign currencies have rebounded from the low levels we were seeing back in March. The Euro and Aussie and Kiwi dollars are actually stronger in Q2 this year then they were in Q2 last year. While the UK pound, our most important foreign currency, is still weaker. As an aside, we see a similar story on some of our other currencies as well. The Canadian dollar is up year on year while the ruble, Polish vloty and Indonesian rupiah are still down from Q2 last year.  As you know, the cross-rate between the UK pound and the Euro has been a big factor in our UK results over the last 18 months or so with the unprecedented divergence of those two currencies. The good news is that the pound is improved from its intra-day low versus the Euro of .98 in December but the spot rate is still at about .89. Focusing in on the Heinz Effective Rate in Q2 which includes the impact of hedge positions, you can see from the stair step increases that this remains a headwind. For the quarter, this year on year pre-tax cost increase was about $13 million. With that as a backdrop, lets turn to our P&L scorecard. Focusing in on continuing operations we had a very strong quarter. On a reported basis sales were up 2.5%, gross margin increased 60 basis points, we increased consumer marketing at a double digit rate and operating income advanced 6%. Only EPS dropped, and again that reflects the overlap of last years currency hedge gains. On a constant currency basis the results are even better and particularly better at EPS. Im pleased that we delivered these results while recently ramping up our marketing investments to help drive more top line growth in the second half of the fiscal year.  As weve done for the last few quarters, here weve laid out the dynamics of the currency changes as they rippled through our P&L. Overall, currency affected the year on year comparatives by $0.22. The impact of currency translation on current quarter results was small only $0.01 while the pound/Euro cross-rate hurt EPS by $0.03. The larger impact obviously relates to the prior year currency hedge gains of $0.18 which had been adjusted out of the prior year base here to get the two years on an apples to apples basis. Turning to the P&L, I know this is a busy chart but there are a few items to note here. SG&A costs remained under tight control and in line with our plan up only 1% during the quarter. The net interest and other line included the $92 million mark to market gain on currency hedges last year and our tax rate was 300 basis points better then prior year reflecting tax planning and the settlement of tax audits during the quarter. Year on year this helped EPS for the quarter by $0.03. We now expect our full year tax rate to be at the low end of our previous estimate of 28% to 29%. As Bill mentioned, in Q2 we delivered our 18th consecutive quarter of organic sales growth against a very tough comparison. Our volume growth was impacted by about two points from the timing of pricing taken in the US and UK at the end of the second quarter last year. Almost another point of our volume decline came from the US food service business which faces an environment of continued declines in restaurant foot traffic.  Offsetting the volume decline were still seeing the benefits of carry over pricing from last year. Acquisitions primarily reflect the addition of Golden Circle business in Australia and as discussed foreign exchange was slightly unfavorable. Organic and constant currency sales outside the US increased during the quarter while retail and food service sales in the US were down. North American consumer product sales would be nearly flat for the quarter excluding the sizeable impact from the buying ahead of pricing last year. US food service sales, while down slightly, are very favorable when compared to the rate of decline in restaurant traffic. Were confident that our innovation pipeline, marketing initiatives, continuing momentum in emerging marketing, and better year on year comps will drive positive volume in the second half of the year. Importantly, we expanded our constant currency gross margin by 100 basis points in Q2 which included more then 200 basis points of productivity savings. Overall, were making good progress on supply chain productivity through our global supply chain task force initiatives, project keystone and effective efforts across our business units. Notably, the first implementations of our global indirect procurement system went live this quarter in the US and we plan to keep rolling from there. Another of the 5 Cs is Commodities. Net costs for these inputs were up 4% in Q2 a lower rate of increase then weve seen in recent quarters. Improved trend was driven by procurement productivity and lower costs in some commodity categories such as resin, oils, and dairy. Transaction cross-rates drove more then half of our total inflation, the remaining increase largely reflects higher costs on tomatoes, potatoes and tin plate.  Were pleased with the performance of all of our segments from a profit and cash flow perspective. On a constant currency basis all reporting segments generated higher profits during the quarter. Reported results for continuing operations were also up for all segments with the exception of Europe which was about flat, but you can see that if you exclude the impact of currency translation and transaction Europes operating income was up almost 15%. Of note, US food service posted another quarter of strong profit growth, as the team continues to drive simplification and process improvement while introducing new product and packaging innovation in the core business. This is a very healthy performance in an industry facing a tough economy and lower customer counts. Our balance sheet performance was also strong this quarter. We continue to effectively manage capital spending which was below 2% for the quarter some of which reflects the timing of projects. We expect higher capital spending in the back half of the year but will continue to manage it closely. We generated a major improvement in our cash conversion cycle this quarter. CCC came down by seven days and Im particularly encouraged by the six day improvement we achieved in inventory levels. Our focus on cash this year has been very effective and we have more then doubled operating free cash flow this quarter. This primarily reflects improved working capital and lower capital spending which was only partially offset by higher net contributions to our pension plans. Lets take just a quick look at year to date results. For the first half of the fiscal year EPS on a like for like basis has grown by nearly 13% versus last year. This excellent start to the year has been driven by higher constant currency operating income and favorable interest and taxes.  Year to date P&L scorecard shows the broad based strength of our first half. On a constant currency basis sales are up more then 4%, gross margin is up, operating income has grown by almost 8% and EPS rose approximately 13%. This was accomplished while increasing our marketing investment by about 9%. Im happy to say that so far this year we are meeting or beating our full year constant currency targets on the key lines of the P&L. For the first half, the year over year currency impact has been $0.34. Adjustments for the year are comprised of $0.09 for the currency translation, $0.06 from UK transaction cross-rates, and $0.01 for currency translation hedges executed this year. Again, we have adjusted the prior year base by $0.18 to set aside the impact of currency hedges executed in FY09. For the first six months of the fiscal year our balance sheet metrics are moving in the right direction as well. CapEx is running well under last years some of which is timing but it also reflects sound management. CCC is better by four days, importantly days in inventory has improved by five days. Operating free cash flow has more than quadrupled to over $400 million. Net debt to EBITDA is up slightly reflecting the overlap of the hedge gains in EBITDA last year. After tax ROIC is up 10 basis points to 17.6%. As Bill said, today were updating our outlook for the full fiscal year that ends on April 28th. Were increasing both ends of our EPS range by $0.12 or almost 5% to reflect our strong start for the year, improved foreign exchange, and good business momentum as we look to the back half. Importantly, while our increasing outlook we are also significantly increasing our marketing and brand support. Additionally, we are raising our cash flow target to approximately $1 billion. Expected increase from prior year primarily reflects improved working capital management. We are holding to our constant currency continuing operations sales growth target. We believe we have strong programs in place that will drive volume growth in the back half and we believe that the most difficult comparison periods are behind us. We also expect quarterly EPS to be relatively balanced between the two remaining quarters. In summary, were pleased with our strong performance this quarter and for the first half and are looking forward to continuing momentum in sales, cash, and earnings. With that wed like to take your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Terry Bivens  JP Morgan
Terry Bivens  JP Morgan: I wanted to draw you out just a little bit if I might on this whole business with the consumer. Particularly as we look at the better for use segment of frozen foods thats where you operate with Smart Ones and Lean Cuisine and Healthy Choice. The numbers show the category basically just hit the wall in January and has been just tracking steadily down. The worry there would be that given a lot of this merchandise is premium priced if you could help us a little bit with how you would intend to attack that and get some better results out of the frozen segment.
Bill Johnson: I think as you look at our results for the quarter if you were to back frozen out of our results for the quarter our organic sales were up between 4% and 5%. Clearly were wrestling with the frozen issue and predominantly that is the United States. In terms of Smart Ones, we have been fairly disciplined, I think, and it really held our patterns, we watch this category decline and we watched our peers chase the decline in the category. Having said that, we are getting far more aggressive in the second half of the year and our marketing spending on Smart Ones will be up about 40% in the second half of the year. Oriented towards basically our heavy user so were going to do a lot of couponing against heavy users. Medium, particularly print, weve got a few new items coming that Im not going to talk about today, Ill announce more details about it at Cagney. I think we have six or seven SKUs being launched in the spring to address particular segment opportunities. The reality is that the category is fighting the prevailing trend of the consumer. The consumer is not buying for me products as weve talked in the past. As a consequence weve been extremely reluctant to jump in aggressively and simply chase the category down. Its like trying to throw a life boat on top of the Titanic. We do think the category as it hits this winter will level out a bit given the impending diet season, given the bad comps year ago and so as a consequence weve made a decision to invest aggressively in the second half as I said with marketing up about 40%. Additionally, weve be increasing our D&A spending to bring better price points. The one thing that we have found interesting is the enormous footballing going on in this category with brands offering 6/$10 and in some cases 10/$10 and so forth. Were going to try to avoid as much of that as we possibly can but we factor it into all of our numbers a far more aggressive approach to Smart Ones in the second half. Fundamentally we still need to be concerned about the category and address a lot of our efforts to bringing new consumers back into the franchise which is what our plans are aimed to do in the second half.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jonathan Feeney  Janney Montgomery Scott
Jonathan Feeney  Janney Montgomery Scott: I wanted to follow up a little bit on the increased promotional activity. I guess specifically I was wondering what role the food retailers are playing, some of the stress theyve been under. On one hand they want to attract more consumers with value but on the other hand it seems to me that higher basket size, higher total dollars is something thats a concern of theirs. At the margin do you think that food retailers are driving this more promotional activity or is it really that a little bit of buyer seeing deals other places and driving that and forcing the food manufacturers to play along?
Bill Johnson: I dont think anything has fundamentally changed in the 35 years Ive been in this business. I think fundamentally its always been a retailer, manufacturer contest to see where the money goes either directly to the consumer or back to the retailer. I think were not seeing anything different other then the pressure points created by private label and the reaction from the second tier brands where I think most of the pricing pressure is coming from, as the retailer tries to bring consumers into the store. I think youre also going to see more partnership, much as we did in New Zealand with our partnership with one of our customers we put more then 400 Watties products on an initiative that our retailer basically split the cost with us on it to try to bring consumers in the store. If you remember in New Zealand we do almost 7% of the total grocery sales in that market so it had a huge effect not only on us and our shares but it actually lifted their business significantly. I think what retailers are trying to find are things that generate foot traffic. I also think retailers are trying to take advantage of the continuing erosion in away from home consumption and so theyre looking for opportunities to bring categories or products back into the store that will attract those consumers. I think the third thing is that the market itself in terms of the consumer manufacturers I think when the markets turned down last year I think all of us began to focus more aggressively on value and I dont think weve all done the job on innovation that we need to, to continue to excite and entice consumers and frankly our customers in order to bring news to the category. Youll see that change in our plans in the second half of the year. The pressure points come from a combination of things. Obviously youre seeing some deflation in some commodities, not all but some commodities are declining. Youre seeing a concerted push by the private label manufacturers to take advantage of what they see as a window of opportunity. Were seeing a reaction from the owners of second and third tier brands who are doing everything they can to maintain their shelf space in basically a period when were looking at SKU rationalization across a number of retailers. Finally what youre seeing is the consumer that is trying optimize their shopping trips. Consumers are picking brands very carefully and in marrying those brand with either associated private label products or other products. The thing I caution everybody on in private label, there is no doubt that the private label trend is slowing, it is still a significant trend globally but it is slowing. You have to remember that the basket of goods that private label shares are built around include a lot of areas where the brands dont compete and the brands dont participate, particularly towards the front of the store in the US and UK in the chilled section. I think its combination of pressure points. I think all the changes over a period of time those pressure points take on added urgency depending on the pressure point. Right now I think price is probably that pressure point.
Operator: Your next question comes from Alexia Howard  Sanford Bernstein
Alexia Howard  Sanford Bernstein: I want to switch over to gross margin and the outlook there. One specific point and then maybe more of a general question. On the Golden Circle acquisition I know that next quarter we get into the point where it might be less of an issue for margins. Could you quantify how much of a hit that was this quarter and how thats likely to change going forward? More broadly, given the outlook for commodity cost inflation and productivity improvements, do you see any changes to your current outlook for the year for the gross margin for the rest of the year?
Art Winkleblack: Were doing well on gross margin so were pleased with the performance on that so far. As we look forward we do think that there will be some moderation in some of our commodity costs. We do still see the same headwind from tin plate and tomatoes and potatoes that we mentioned. As we look forward we do think gross margin will be a bit better and will be up to prior year so I think were in line with or better then the plans that we laid out from a gross margin standpoint.
Bill Johnson: The Golden Circle impact is give or take because its not precise, I would say around 20 or 30 basis points for the quarter. I dont think youre going to see a substantial turn in that business short term because were still in the process of moving after synergies, weve got the two manufacturing facilities in Australia that were working to upgrade. Weve just signed a deal with Ocean Spray to represent them in Australia so were making some capital investments in both the Mill Park and the Northgate factory in Australia.  The other thing is weve launched two new items in Golden Circle; one called Raw which is a product of the original juice company and the other one is called LOL which is a short name for Laugh Out Loud which is a fizzy drink directed towards children. Youre going to see us continue to invest pretty aggressively as we try to grow the top line there.  I think given the seasonality of the business and given whats happened to commodity costs I think itll be another six to nine months before we start seeing meaningful improvement in margins on Golden Circle. That was pretty much factored into our thinking.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ed Aaron  RBC Capital
Ed Aaron  RBC Capital: I wanted to get a quick clarification on the guidance. Was there any change to your constant currency operating profit or EPS assumptions for the year? How do the divestitures affect the full year numbers?
Art Winkleblack: Were on track for our constant currency numbers so were feeling good about that. As you saw, were off to a good start there for the first half of the year and expect solid results in the second half as well. That piece of it in line with expectations. In terms of the divestitures, whatever divestitures come will end up being in discontinued operations so sort of a set aside from continuing ops which is what were focused on. The key there that you need to be aware of is that any of these divestitures that we might do will not have a material impact on ongoing profitability of the company and thats why continuing operations is the appropriate measure. 
Ed Aaron  RBC Capital: On the decision to ramp up the marketing spending, I know you talked a lot about how the external environment has thawed a bit which it makes you a little bit more inclined to spend. How much of its a function of the volumes maybe a little bit worse then what you might have expected over the last few months. The question more or less is when you look at the recent trends in the business how surprised were you by some of the volume pressure that you saw recently?
Bill Johnson: I dont think we were surprised by the North American pressure because we knew we were comparing against a very difficult comp from last year. Food service actually surprised us on the upside a bit being down less than 1% organically given the foot traffic in that industry. Theres no doubt that one of the contributing factors to the decision to ramp up marketing has been the soft volume in Q1 and Q2 and youll see a dramatic change in Q3, Q4.  Factored into our range and into the organic comments that Art just made about constant currency marketing in the second half of this year is going to be up between 25% and 30% at a minimum. That just includes consumer marketing, well also expend a little more D&A thats factored all into our range as we continue to recognize three things.  One, the market is a little more receptive now, theres no point in chasing consumers out the door. I think frankly thats just a waste of money. Secondly, we are working on opportunities in terms of new products and some new initiatives we have in the second half of the year that will address the improving environment and frankly address some of the volume issues weve had in the first two quarters.  Third, some of our peers have gotten our attention with comments theyve made to the market and to other people. While we wont specify or name any of those peers, those peers have clearly gotten our attention and have maybe awaked some of our brand teams who have requested a little more support and a little more aggressive activity. The one thing I will say about marketing in the second half of the year, every single one of our operating businesses marketing will be up double digits in the second half of the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Driscoll  Citi Investment
David Driscoll  Citi Investment: I would like to probe a little bit further on the volume growth for the second half of the year. Id like to ask the question a little differently then the others have asked. When you think about it and you think about new products, baseline volumes, or promoted volumes, the sense that Im getting and I really want to make sure that Im reading you right is that the large proportion of the increase in the back half of the year is to come from increased promotions. Is that the message today?
Bill Johnson: No, that is not the message. The message is were increasing marketing. Youll see, for example, it will manifest itself on Ore-Ida and substantial increased in media. It will manifest itself in the emerging markets and substantial increases in media. On Smart Ones it will manifest itself in some pricing, some couponing, and some media. In ketchup it will predominantly manifest itself as additional consumer activity in terms of coupons and other activity directed directly at consumers and some pricing activity particularly on the 20oz size as we try to be more competitive with some of our peers and with our customers. No, its a mixed bag and it basically fundamentally we started with ramping up our media efforts particularly in the UK behind It Has To Be Heinz a lot of that is media driven and a lot of it is store driven. Its a combination of both. With marketing up 25% to 30% at a minimum in the second half of the year thats consumer marketing and D&A will be up as well. Fundamentally the focus is on driving sustainable growth not buying growth.
David Driscoll  Citi Investment: Can you make a comment on your interest expense guidance for 2010?
Art Winkleblack: Interest expense has been relatively low in the first half. That will step up a bit in the back half largely because we had some income items and interest income. Interest expense is not as big a variability but less interest income in the back half. I think weve been averaging $60 million a quarter so in the first half thatll be $10 million higher each quarter as we go forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Growe  Stifel Nicolaus
Chris Growe  Stifel Nicolaus: In relation to some of your comments about promotion when you started the year you were talking about a slight increase in promotion, something in the neighborhood of like 30 to 50 basis points. Can you give us a fell for where that may stand now for the year. Is it meaningfully higher then that or just a touch higher?
Bill Johnson: In the first half were right in that range. In the second half were going to be above that range. I think well end the year probably, Ill give you a range of say 70 maybe 80 basis points maybe even a little bit more depending on the opportunity. Theres no doubt that were ramping up D&A in the context of trying to get better price points. Just as importantly, trying to get better display activity tied in with some of our consumer activity. You saw that in the New Zealand slide, you saw that in the Heinz slide in the UK. Weve gotten more display activity in the UK in the last 30 days then weve probably seen in the last 30 years, its been extremely remarkable. Were trying to marry it the best way we can with our consumer activity so that we optimize it. Some of its definitely going to price, particularly in brands like ketchup in the US we dont need to do that in Europe where our ketchup business is really doing well. Itll just be really up to how we determine the brands can benefit the most and how the operating companys want to use the money.
Chris Growe  Stifel Nicolaus: Would you say the pressure on Heinz is in more from private label or more from these second and third tier brands that are keeping price points low for that so called thrifty consumer?
Bill Johnson: It depends on the category. Certainly in potatoes where weve had slower volume in the second quarter its private label. In ketchup its a combination of second tier brands and private label. In Smart Ones its all brands. Fundamentally the issue is interestingly enough everyone keeps being concerned about Western Europe, the issues have fundamentally been focused on North America. Youll see North Americans spending up significantly in the second half as I just explained to David.
Chris Growe  Stifel Nicolaus: You started the year with a view that youre going to pull out about $250 million of costs. Related to that Im curious if youre on track for that? Related to that are there any incremental costs you have to bring through the P&L to achieve those cost savings? Could we see some incremental costs in the second half of the year?
Bill Johnson: Yes, were well on track to deliver the productivity savings weve committed to and I think you can see the benefits not only in earnings but in cash flow. Its interesting to me, we havent had one comment about cash which more then doubled and has more then quadrupled through the first half. I guess maybe we think cash is more important then you do.  The other thing is right now in terms of how we look at the second half, were to date not planning anything dramatic that would require a break out from the P&L. We just continue to run our costs through the P&L as we normally have. The exception to that would be the divestitures related to discontinued ops and we have the two businesses that Art referred to the UK frozen business which we frankly have been trying to divest for a number of years and the Kabobs business. Well have a few more of those very small non-strategic and as Art said material impact to the P&L. Other then that I think we remain well on track and I dont think youll see any surprises in the second half of the year regarding any expenses on that area.
Operator: Your next question comes from Rob Moskow  Credit Suisse
Rob Moskow  Credit Suisse: I want to know if you could help us a little bit more on currency. What is the forecast now for the impact on the top line? My model shows 9% sales growth from currency in the back half of the year using spot rates. I think you guys might be a little bit more conservative then that.
Bill Johnson: The key thing to keep in mind is our largest and most important foreign currency is the UK pound. That, as you saw in Q2, is still 8% below where it was Q2 last year. Obviously we have the translation and the transaction impact as you go down through the P&L. Again, as you come back to our sales outlook we are on track with the constant currency sales out look that we gave at the start of the year, the 4% to 6% number is still right on track. Well see where currencies go from here. Weve got some of our currencies largely covered for the third quarter but fourth quarter is largely floating and so weve got some variability there and well see where that goes from here. Were basically letting the currency flow through into the range.
Art Winkleblack: In the second half of the year I think well be in line, ex the pound with whatever the currency impact it. I think youve got to remember the down currencies are hitting us hard too, not only the UK but the Indonesian rupiah thats a sizeable business, the ruble and the vloty are also taking us down. We should be up commensurate with whatever the currency impact is say 6% to 8% right now which would factor in the decline in the UK. Were going to be right on the constant currency number. If currency is worth nine it will be nine, if its worth five it will be five. Were tracking right against that constant currency number.
Rob Moskow  Credit Suisse: Meg brought up an interesting point I think that the consumer has been shifting to lower sizes of packaging of some categories that youre in, ketchup in particular. Even if its not a good value, because theyre only going to the grocery store with like $50 in their pocket they might have to buy smaller packages. Can you give me more categories that youre seeing that in and how are you responding to that trend? You mentioned ketchup already but anywhere else that you need to respond to that, maybe potatoes.
Bill Johnson: Were predominantly seeing that in ketchup and only in the United States because in Europe we addressed it by introducing a small milliliter product last year. I think in Europe youve seen in our 10% organic sales growth for ketchup. In the US if you look at our ketchup business about 35% to 45% of our share loss is related to whats happened on small sizes.  Our large sizes continue to perform extremely well because the value perception on a relative basis versus private label and competitors is pretty good. As a result, where we are taking action on ketchup is on the smaller sizes to address the very issue you mentioned, price points.  On potatoes were seeing something entirely different. In our business, fundamentally is a two pound business in potatoes and we have a larger share in two pounds then private label does yet weve never been focused on large size potatoes which would be four pounds or larger. As a result, private label has about two thirds of that category, we have one third and were launching three SKUs in large sizes in the second half of the year to address that. Part of that is because consumers see the economy associated with that large size. It really depends on the category and it depends on what consumers are looking for in terms of whether its side of the plate, whether its a condiment or a sauce, whether its a finish meal or a finished product. Fundamentally the only major business weve seen that trade down is in ketchup. In our emerging markets we have a bifurcation occurring. We have people buying the premium sizes, the larger sizes, the middle class grows and in places like Indonesia and China we offer small very efficient, very inexpensive pouches so that somebody can buy a soy sauce pouch for example for less then a dime, I think its about $0.07 and then use that as a serving and the next time they go to the store they can buy another one. Weve pretty much hit that in the markets and the emerging markets in particular. Doy Pack Ketchup in Russia is another one that comes to mind where we take a different package and allow consumers to have their choice of buying down or buying up. In the US were looking at options that would allow us to address that trend but fundamentally the major business that felt impact on is US ketchup.
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank
Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank: Maybe you could help me bridge the gap on the new guidance versus the old guidance because its not exactly clear to me. I guess you got a penny or two from the lower tax rate but the higher interest expense is going to hit you by a penny or two. Related to the guidance, how much is a function of better currency, how much is a function of just improving core results, and is there any impact from the divestitures in terms of an absence of losses that those businesses were generating?
Art Winkleblack: Were pretty much flowing through the currency upside, the base business is on track as I mentioned.
Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank: Is that $0.05 or $0.10, how much is that?
Art Winkleblack: We took up the range both top and bottom by $0.12 so its around that range probably $0.12 to $0.15 or so. Ive got to tell you were still early in the year, were half way through. What exactly foreign currency is going to be, who knows. We think were comfortable at that point. As Bill mentioned, were investing heavily in the businesses as we go forward. We feel good about the base business results, the constant currency results were on track to what we had said earlier in the year and oh by the way were investing even more then we had originally anticipated.
Bill Johnson: The way to look at it is were taking the currency and flowing it through and were taking the operating upside and reinvesting in the business.
Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank: You didnt talk about the volume fixed cost de-leveraging in the quarter as a negative to gross margins. Im wondering was that a factor given the volume drop and how much should that help you in the second half assuming you achieve the mid-single digit volume performance in North America on the back of the higher promotion. How do I think about the volume and how thats affecting the gross margins?
Bill Johnson: Theres a couple ways to look at this thing. One is to look at our inventory in the first half of the year. We took our inventory down dramatically and weve taken a fairly sizeable hit from lost absorption. In addition, weve taken a cash flow hit from payables because some of those payables change in context of what youre doing to reduce inventories.  I think what we expect to see in the second half of the year is continued discipline on inventory because weve made a lot of progress and were not going to give that progress back. We should see some benefits on the absorption side and on the payable side in the second half of the year as volume comes back up.
Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank: To your comment about cash flow, I dont know if we had in the press release a full cash flow statement but with the extra cash flow and somewhat better liquidity globally in the market, are you buying stock back with the extra cash?
Bill Johnson: No.
Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank: What are you doing with it?
Bill Johnson: Were hording it. What were doing with it is what weve always done with it, supporting our dividend, looking at bolt on acquisitions. We made a small deal in Canada yesterday Im very, very small in this Arthurs, a chilled smoothie business. It gets us into a rapidly growing category and another chilled category to tie in with Renees in Canada. We continue to look at bringing in our debt down.  Clearly, if we conclude over time and the tax laws change and so forth and there are opportunities to return to repurchasing stock as a way to create value obviously thats certainly in our quiver. Well continue to look at it. Right now focus is on supporting the dividend, bolt on acquisitions like the small Arthurs deal we announced yesterday, brining down debt, and in share repurchase will sort of be the swing vote in terms of other opportunities on the M&A front and on the dividend front.
Meg Nollen: Clearly giving us more flexibility though.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bryan Spillane  Bank of America
Bryan Spillane  Bank of America: A follow up on the cash flow, can you break out just how much of the working capital improvement came from the AR securitization?
Art Winkleblack: Theres a lot of puts and takes and ins and outs but the way we think about the AR securitization was that we put it in place in order to offset the incremental pension contribution. If you look at our Q2 cash flow the pension contribution actually far outweighed the size of the AR securitization. Net, net the two netted to a negative for cash flow for the quarter. If you think about it, the real drivers come back to working capital and to capital spending, some of which is timing.
Bryan Spillane  Bank of America: The working capital improvement did include the trade receivable securitization or not?
Ed McMenamin: In the first quarter we had a fair amount of asset securitization that we talked to you about. The second quarter it was very, very small and the pension fund far outweighed.
Art Winkleblack: The big improvement is the six day reduction in inventories. The way we think about it is that AR securitization and pension largely are targeted to balance. As you saw in Q2 there was much more pension outflow then securitization inflow.
Ed McMenamin: Year to date about $130 million of asset securitization of, about $220 million pension of which about $200 is discretionary.
Meg Nollen: In the appendix weve got our typical cash score card. Were trying to keep our comments down.
Bryan Spillane  Bank of America: Curious to know how the currency situation in Venezuela is affecting your organic growth, I know you had 38% organic growth in Latin America. How much of that was driven by the inflation in Venezuela? The second is, in terms of getting cash out are there any steps that youre going to have to take or youve taken already to try to get cash out of Venezuela given where the questions about the value of the currency?
Bill Johnson: On Venezuela I want to be careful what we say about Venezuela for a lot of reasons, some which should be rather obvious. In terms of getting cash out we have historically been able to bring dividends out of the country. Let me leave it at that. I think as a company thats 2.5% to 3% of our sales it is a situation were watching carefully but Im going to be very careful what I say for a lot of reasons including a concern obviously about our team down there and so forth.  A lot of the rest of world benefits came in other places also. Our Mexican business is doing extremely well. Our volume growth in Venezuela is very strong. Our businesses in the Middle East and South America continue to perform the way we expect them to. Im not trying to skip the question, Im trying to avoid a problem. There is no doubt that were watching the Venezuela situation very carefully as are almost every other multi-national company that operates there.
Bryan Spillane  Bank of America: Infant nutrition is one of your best growing, fastest growing businesses globally. Any thoughts there in terms of the potential to expand that business. Mead Johnson is now going to be an independent company. Any additional thoughts on how you see that industry playing out and how Heinz plays a role with a pretty attractive growing profit pool.
Bill Johnson: I will give you some generic comments but if youre expecting me to put my right foot in my mouth to join the left foot that I occasionally put in there Im not going to do it. On Mean Johnson Im not going to comment. We continue to look for opportunities in infant feeding as well as our other core categories as the Arthurs deal I think in Canada showed yesterday.  Places where we think we can drive disproportionate growth where we can create value over a period of time. We think infant feeding is a terrific category and its obviously one of our better performing businesses. We continue to want to add scale and we continue to get bigger. There are lots of ways to do that outside of a major transaction. I think there are plenty of opportunities around the globe that were looking at.
Art Winkleblack: Thats still a very fragmented category particularly as you look at many of the emerging markets. Lots of ways to grow over time both organically and through acquisition.
Meg Nollen: And were very focused on shareholder value.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Lazar  Barclays Capital
Andrew Lazar  Barclays Capital: I wanted to put some of comments you made around value and hitting the right price point for consumers in more of an industry context from your perspective. I realize it differs a lot by category and which category were talking about but generally speaking one of the concerns for the overall industry right now is while volumes remain kind of weak broadly speaking, food companies are going to continue to talk more and more about hitting value for the consumer, raising promotional spending and lowering price points and such.  The concern is does all of the progress that the industry made over the last year and a half around getting pricing through in relation to input cost inflation and all that, does it all dissolve into some bit promotional mess and we end up in a worse place then we were two years ago and volumes are still weak to boot because the consumer is weak. I want to make sure and put it in perspective and get your perspective on that. Is that way an overstatement relative to what youre seeing out there, even though you clearly have to hit certain price points in certain categories?
Bill Johnson: Its going to be a balancing act. I think weve done a better job of virtually anybody in this industry of balancing that recognition with the reality of the marketplace. As a consequence weve been able to drive organic growth while maintaining our price and through not getting into the kind of situation youre describing. Obviously its affected our volume a bit in addition to some promotion related timing that you cant ignore related to price increases last year in North America on November 1st. Having said that, I think the industry and Ive been in this industry a long time, I think the industry needs to recognize that we worked very hard to get to the value position were at today and I think people ought to be continuing to focus on creating value for consumers in ways other then just price either through innovation that brings consumers benefits they arent getting in the other products, packaging changes that allows consumers to buy similar volumes or trade down into lower volumes at better price points or better value perceptions, media that delivers true meaningful messages much like our Complan media does in India and some of our new advertising in the UK does. I think its going to take enormous discipline. My big concern frankly related to the industry, I do not think the industry is going to give back everything its worth but I do think there are going to be examples in the industry where were going to have to impose a strong level of discipline and make sure we understand the trade-offs in the promotion activity and marketing activity we undertake that it truly will create sustainable growth. Ive used this term with all of you before, theres no point in chasing profitless prosperity which is youre buying your volume then it goes away the minute you stop buying it. Thats not the way you build the long term business. Having been in this job a long time thats certainly not a method were going to employ.  There is no doubt that in certain categories price points are going to be the name of the game because of the size of private label in that category or the size of the second tier brand or the non-sensible ways people go to try to build businesses. Having been in this job and gone through that several times you cannot build the business on a short term basis. You still have to look long term.  I can tell you I can only speak for the Heinz Company we will continue to take a long term disciplined approach that allows us to crate sustainable growth in our developed markets. In addition, you cant forget in our case the growth were getting out of the emerging markets. One of the focal points of this company, and has been for a long time, as you know weve been criticized heavily for it in the past, was the recognition that the developed world was going to get more intentionally competitive and that it would devolve into some of the issues youre articulating and that the opportunity long term was to create value in these emerging markets as the middle class emerges.  I thought the Wall Street Journal did a nice job for us this morning on the article on Mexico and I think it says a lot about the strength of the management team here that Fernando Pocaterra was quoted about that we have on the ground leaders. I think what you will see in the case of the Heinz Company is disproportionate growth coming out of those markets more and more and shifted investments if we believe we can create more value. I think ultimately this still comes down to leadership and discipline, your ability to innovate, the categories you operate in, the brand strength that you have, and in a willingness to take a little flack occasionally in the market from critics, who shall go nameless, who will point out short term issues that we recognize as are nothing more than that. We will not sacrifice that for a game of profitless prosperity which long term creates no value for anybody.
Ed McMenamin: The other thing I would point out is if you think about our fiscal year and where the industry is, were overlapping the boom times and have been up until about now. As we look forward youre going to be overlapping a different kind of environment and so it will be interesting to see that as were lapping the new economy, the new environment, things stabilize a bit and become easier going forward.
Bill Johnson: I want to add one comment. One of the benefits of experience and seniority is the ability not to move into denial. I think one of the criticisms that was leveled this industry early on and certainly I think is probably a relevant criticism even going forward is denial. We are not in denial here. We see whats going on and we know how to react and were taking appropriate actions. I cant promise that all those will work but I can sure promise you we will take appropriate actions in recognition of doing things that will drive value not destroy value.  I think denial is a dangerous thing and I think that comes from inexperience, sometimes it comes from other areas like lack of judgment. We are not in denial. We see whats going on. We understand whats going on and were going to deal with it the way we think is appropriate. I hope were right long term in creating value.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I will now turn the conference back over to management for any closing remarks.
Meg Nollen: Were going to be presenting next week at the First Annual Citi 2009 Food Fest, give a shout out to David and his team, Food Manufacturing Conference next Thursday, December 3rd. Ill be there with Chris Warmoth who heads up our Asia Pac Business so thatll also be webcast. Coming up of course in February the Cagney presentation in Florida. I look forward to seeing you there.  As always, the IR team will be around all day today and tomorrow morning to answer any of your follow up questions. The main number 412-456-6020. Have a wonderful and warm Thanksgiving Holiday and well see you soon.
Operator: Thank you again for participating in todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q1  (2009-08-20 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Meg Nollen - VP of IR Art Winkleblack - EVP and CFO Ed McMenamin - SVP of Finance and Corporate Controller
Analysts: David Palmer - UBS Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein Jon Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott Ed Roesch - Soleil Capital Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research Eric Serotta - Consumer Edge Research Ed Aaron - RBC Capital Markets Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital Brian Spillane - Bank of America Terry Bivens - JPMorgan Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank
Operator: Good morning. My name is Rachel and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the H.J. Heinz Company fiscal year 2010 first quarter earnings release conference call. This call is being recorded at the request of H.J. Heinz Company. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the call over to Meg Nollen, Vice President, Investor Relations. Ms. Nollen, you may begin your conference.
Meg Nollen: Good morning. Thank you, Rachel. I would like to welcome everyone to our conference call and webcast. Copies of the slides used in today's presentation are available on our website at heinz.com. Joining me on todays call are Art Winkleblack, Executive Vice President and CFO and Ed McMenamin, SVP of Finance and Corporate Controller. Before we begin with our prepared remarks, please refer to this forward-looking statement currently displayed. This is also available in this morning's earnings release and in our most recent SEC filings. To summarize, during our presentation we may make forward-looking statements about our business that are intended to assist you in your understanding of the company and its results. We ask you to refer to our April 29, 2009 Form 10-K, which lists some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in these statements. Heinz undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by securities law. We may also use non-GAAP financial measures in our presentation as the company believes such measures allow for consistent period-to-period comparison of the business. The most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures are available in the companys earnings release as well as on our website at heinz.com. Please note we plan to file our first quarter 10-Q by the end of the week, and in addition, this will be the first quarter that we will be filing our information in XBRL format. Our related financial highlights pages or stat pages will then become available in the Investor Relations section of the website towards the bottom of the page. Now with the formalities out of the way, let me turn the call over to Art Winkleblack. Art?
Art Winkleblack: Thanks, Meg. Good morning, everybody. We are very pleased with our start to the fiscal year. In line with the priorities that we articulated in May, we focused on profit and cash and delivered strong results in the quarter. We also delivered almost 2% organic sales growth, a solid result in this challenging global economy and in light of the fact as we overlap a double-digit sales increase in Q1 last year. We continue to execute our strategic plan driving growth in our top brands and in the emerging markets, and we are highly disciplined in managing cost and working capital. We invested almost $0.04 in upfront productivity charges to improve ongoing performance, and at the end of the quarter, we very effectively exchanged some high cost debt from much less expensive 30-year bonds. In terms of key financial highlights for the quarter, obviously foreign exchange was a major headwind, but on a constant currency basis, sales increased 4.5%, operating income grew about 6% and EPS was up almost 10%. Ed will give you more detail on the financials in a few minutes, but were off to a good start for the year. Additionally, as we told you in May, we are highly focused on driving cash flow and we delivered outstanding results for the quarter. Operating free cash flow was a $121 million in Q1, up a $176 million from prior year. Now, putting the quarter into perspective, we have now driven 17 quarters in a row of organic sales growth. As you can see, the high watermark for this growth was Q1 of last year when we drove double-digit organic sales up 10.2%. As we look forward, Q2 will be another tough overlap and then we should see stronger comparatives in the back half of the year. As you know, Heinz is comprised of a highly focused portfolio, anchored by the almost $4 billion Heinz brands. Our top 15 brands represent about 70% of our sales and their growth continues to set the pace for the company. On an organic basis, these brands were 2.2% for the quarter, about 0.5 point ahead of the rest of the portfolio. Turning to our core categories; on a constant currency basis, our growth was led by an almost 6% increase in infant/nutrition and better than 5% growth on ketchup and sauces. The growth in infant/nutrition was driven primarily by strong results in India, Latin America, Canada and Russia, while growth in ketchup and sauces was paced by US Foodservice, Russia, Latin America and Poland. Within the meals and snacks category, soup and beans posted positive constant currency growth, while frozen meals were weighed down by broad category softness. Consistent with our long-term strategy, we continue to drive excellent growth in our emerging markets. For the quarter, organic sales grew 14% and these markets represented almost 16% of total sales. Thats up 80 basis points from Q1 FY09. Each year, weve grown the emerging market mix which is up 570 basis points versus Q1 of FY06. We believe this positions us well for the future, and we continue to look for ways to expand our emerging market business and achieve our 20% target in FY13. Now, let's take a quick spin around the world of Heinz starting with North American Consumer Products. We are pleased with the positive sales growth and a double-digit operating income growth in NACP. North America effectively balanced the price/volume equation, driving positive constant currency sales on top of 10% organic growth last year. Even with increasing commodity costs, the team restored gross margin by 200 basis points and operating margin by 260 basis points. This reflects carryover net pricing, strong productivity and fixed cost control, along with increased marketing spending. In the back half of the year, we expect increased innovation in consumer marketing. However, the second quarter will be a difficult comparison given the timing of price increases last year. The continued growth in the mix of full price sales in North American Consumer Products is a strong indicator of the health of our business. For the quarter, 88% of our total US retail sales were sold off the shelf at full price. In so doing, we traded off some of our low margin incremental volumes in the short-term. This was a key factor in our improved gross margin for the quarter. Our strategy continues to be primarily based on strong innovation and consumer marketing, but we will also increase promotional activity on a targeted basis when and where necessary. As mentioned on May 28, we are planning to increase companywide consumer marketing this year by 4% to 6% on a constant currency basis. US retail business will be a key part of this. During the quarter, we increased TV spending on our write-up and Heinz ketchup and executed strong print campaigns on Classico, Lea & Perrins and Heinz 57. In Q1, total company consumer marketing was up 3% on a constant currency basis, despite reduced cost per GRP and the fact that Q1 was our highest quarterly spending last year. With regard to Smart Ones, we continue to pursue our strategy of innovation on our category leading 24X7 platform and have further launches planned for the remainder of the year. Sales for the brand were down for the quarter, primarily reflecting three main factors. As we've seen, this category tends to be correlated with consumer confidence, and as a result, the category continues to be down and in fact has been down for over a year. There has also been heavy promotional activity in the category, and we've purposely avoided unprofitable promotions. Lastly, the timing of new product launches and advertising is more back half oriented this year, while the bulk of our prior year innovation occurred early in FY09. Now that said, we are very pleased to see Smart Ones continuing to set new records in Canada and we fully expect the category in the US to rebound over time, in line with improvements in the economy and in the Weight Watcher classroom business. In the meantime, we are executing plans to improve the buy rate among our heavy users. With regard to new product development, we are very enthused about our recent innovations in pizzas and flatbreads, which are favorites in the nutritional aisle. We recently launched many pizzas to strengthen our snack line and also rolled out Artisan Creations stone-fired crust pizza and flatbreads, which use new bread-to-bread technology and is achieving strong consumer preference. Also we began shipping Smart Ones soup in Canada during July. We offer four varieties of soup, all of which come with zero Weight Watcher points. We expect stronger volumes in Smart Ones during the back half of the year, as we'll be lapping a pre-price increase buying during Q2 of last year. Importantly, we have a strong and broad-based portfolio in North America and we continue to innovate across the business with on trend choices for this economy. During the quarter, we introduced a new Cut Red potato offering in our successful Ore-Ida Steam n' Mash line launched any time [pace of the year] under the TGI Friday's brand and offered new extensions of our popular TGIF Skillet Meals. I'm turning to our US Foodservice business, we had a good quarter. For the first time in six quarters, organic sales were virtually flat to prior year, and importantly, profit was up significantly versus a difficult Q1 last year. Clearly, the foodservice industry continues to be very tough with relatively high unemployment causing weak traffic. Despite this we achieved a strong profit improvement as hard work by the team to simplify and upgrade the business is beginning to pay off. These efforts include renewed partnerships and product innovation with some key national accounts, carryover net pricing, continuing skew rationalization, improved mix, warehouse consolidation, and numerous simplification and productivity initiatives. Net-net, gross margin was up almost 300 basis points though still behind FY08 levels. Now let's turn to Europe. As you'll recall we are comping a very strong 12% constant currency sales growth last year which is the most difficult comparison of the year for Europe. While we have seen recent reports that the economies in Germany and France are improving, much of Europe remains in recession. As a result, the competitive environment continues to be difficult. Despite this constant currency sales and profits increased 3% and almost 2% respectively. The team has done a good job focusing on our core categories and brands growing where we want to grow and rationalizing SKUs that are less profitable. We're working hard to spur demand by bringing value to the consumer. Overall, we've posted constant currency profit growth behind carryover pricing, supply chain productivity, and good fixed cost management. Now, Heinz ketchup remains very strong across Europe. We increased consumption in value terms in all 12 of our key markets, lead by Russia, Poland, and the Nordics, and we're number one in most of these Markets, and still growing. Across Europe we're continuing to drive innovation. A few examples include a reduced salt and sugar variety of our convenient Snap Pot Beanz in the UK, Plasmon premium vegetables and a stand up receivable pouch for infants in Italy where Plasmon is a clear number one. A variety of new items added to the [homing] line of bakery and pasta offerings, continued strength of the Top-Down Ketchup and the 'Grown not made' campaign and new infant cereals and foodservice dip pots in Russia. In Asia Pacific we achieved almost 15% constant currency sales growth largely driven by the Golden Circle acquisition plus positive organic growth for the region. Here again, Q1 last year was very strong with constant currency sales up 18%. From a profit perspective India and Indonesia posted very strong results which were offset by lower profit in Australia and Long Fong in China. The competitive and commodity cost environments in Australia remain difficult and as expected Golden Circle has not yet contributed to the bottom line as this is their seasonally low period. We're very excited about the prospects for Golden Circle as it expands our already strong presence in Australia and is a terrific health and wellness platform. This is a great brand and as you can see by the share results the business is very healthy. We expect that this brand will benefit even further from our marketing and distribution expertise. The integration is going well, and should generate meaningful synergies over time. We anticipate a significant contribution from Golden Circle and expect the acquisition to increase our combined sales in Australia and New Zealand to US $1 billion. Our Rest of World segment continues to deliver robust growth with double-digit increases in sales and operating income on a constant currency basis. Growth has been driven primarily by our Latin American business. We're also excited about our prospects in Mexico and we believe that this represents a big opportunity in a big market. Recently, we started up a new infant nutrition line, launched a new 100% pure fruit wet baby food and within a two-year time frame have achieved a double-digit share of the ketchup market there, the ninth largest ketchup market in the world. Importantly, this new pure fruit line of baby food, one endorsement of the Mexican Pediatric Association so net-net we're making good progress in that country. Now, we've given you an overview of the results. Let's talk about some of the other key drivers in the business. Bill has talked a number of times about the five C's and just to refresh your memory those are consumers, currency, commodities, cost and cash. I think it's important that we continue to update you on these factors in this economic environment. Let's begin with consumers. Clearly, the environment remains difficult across most of the developed markets. The bad news is that consumer confidence in the US and the UK remains at relatively low levels but the good news is that they have bounced off the low point in March. Inversely correlated to this confidence level is the development of private label food sales. While private label surged during 2008 and early 2009 more recently the growth has been moderating as consumer confidence has improved. Consumers still prefer great brands like ours and we expect that private label growth and share will settle down as time goes by, albeit at somewhat higher levels than before the recession. The real action and growth is happening in the emerging markets where Heinz clearly differentiates itself from the domestic peer group. The IMF forecast that developed markets GDP will be down this year while emerging markets will continue to grow. Heinz is well positioned with the GDP in our key rick-up markets projected to grow at healthy rates in FY10 and beyond. Currency was clearly a major headwind during the quarter. While recent rates have been more positive the pound, Aussie dollar and Kiwi dollar are still 17% to 18% worse than year ago levels. Additionally the euro was off 11% versus Q1 last year. We're hoping that the last couple of months represent a longer term trend that would provide some upside for us but I believe it's too early in the year to make a call on currency. The other currency impact is the cross-rate of the pound with the US dollar and with the Euro. Thats a major factor for us in the cost of materials imported into the UK. Focusing on Pound, Euro, you can see that the market-rate topped out at about .96 back in December. The higher this rate, the worse it is for us. Fortunately, the rates backed off recently and is now at about .86. On the right side we've shown our effective rate for the first quarter of this year and the past two years. These rates are influenced by the timing of currency hedges and while we benefited from hedges in past years it makes our comparison a bit tougher this year. We hope that the cross rate continues to moderate over time and return to its historic range but again it's too early to make a call on the rate for the year. As discussed on May 28 we expected commodity inflation in the 7% to 8% range which included the impact of roughly 2.5% from transaction cross-rates. As anticipated, we experienced strong inflation in tin plate potatoes and tomatoes during the first quarter which more than offset improvements in other commodities like resin and dairy. Overall, net input costs including the impact of cross rates and supply contracts were up about 6% during the quarter. The good news is that we're seeing some market prices receding and similar with currencies, we're hoping we see some modest improvement over the remainder of the year on those items that are not yet fully contracted. Turning to costs, you may recall that our target is to keep fixed costs flat in developed markets. Thats excluding the impact of M & A while also containing fixed cost growth to no more than half the growth rate of sales in emerging markets. I'm pleased to say we're on track with this goal for the quarter and we anticipate being on target for the full year. To further improve ongoing productivity we spent a total of 16 million or about $0.04 this quarter in up front productivity charges. These charges primarily relate to the closure of a plant in Mexico and headcount reductions in Europe in foodservice. We mostly sit in the quarter with our terrific cash flow. As I mentioned cash is a major focus for the company and I believe an appropriate move in this economy. Our results for the quarter reflect strong working Capital Management, particularly on inventory and the US and Europe and tight control of capital spending. Finally, before I turn it back to Ed, I'd like to compliment our Treasury team on the very successful execution of the exchange of our high cost dealer and marketable securities or doctors as we call them. After the end of the quarter we successfully exchanged 681 million of the 800 million of outstanding doctors for 30 year bonds with a 708 coupon, the advantages of the exchange are that we lowered the coupon from 15.6% to 708 on the 681 million exchange. While much of this benefit was built into our plant range this should allow us to achieve the lower end of our net interest expense projection for FY10. We've extended the maturity schedule on this sizeable block of funds from three years to 30 years which reduces our bond maturities in 2011. I think that's a real advantage in this unpredictable credit market. Along the same line, we reduced the risk of having to remarket so much debt on a specific date which runs the risk of having bad timing like we did back in December. Now as always, we remain committed to retaining our current investment grade credit ratings and outlook. With that said, I'd now like to turn it over to Ed. Ed?
Ed McMenamin: Thanks, Art and good morning, everyone. Putting the significant impacts of currency aside, I think you'll agree that we had a solid quarter, particularly considering the strong top line growth and 14% EPS growth we reported last years first quarter. First let me hit the highlights on the P&L scorecard. We've added a column to our traditional scorecard to show our results on a constant currency basis. I will reference this in my comments but to ensure that everyone has a complete understanding of the adjustments I'll bridge these constant currency results to our reported results on the next slide. Net sales grew by 4.5% on a constant currency basis but after the impact of a 9% currency headwind, net sales were down 4.5%. Notably, organic sales grew almost 2% as a 6% increase in pricing more than offset a 4% volume decline, as we made trade-offs this quarter temporarily sacrificing some low margin volume to improve overall profitability. Carryover pricing and productivity improvements supported our gross margin, which continued to be challenged by higher commodity costs. Although gross margin at 35.4% is down 80 basis points, remember that Q1 last year had our highest margin of the year. This quarter gross margin was unfavorably impacted by lower margin acquisitions and a $7 million charge for front-end costs on a few new productivity initiatives. Now, as you can see in the table, half of the gross margin decline was due to currency movements. We continue to increase our investment in consumer marketing on a constant currency basis. Operating income increased 5.6% on a constant currency basis, while investing in up front productivity charges of $7 million in cost of goods sold and $9 million in SG&A, for a total of $16 million or about 4% of operating profit. This increase in operating income was driven by the company's focus on price realization, targeted promotions and tight cost control. At $0.67, EPS was down almost 7%, but on a constant currency basis, EPS was up a very healthy 9.7%, benefiting from gains on the total rate of return swaps, which offset the incremental cost of the doctors. Now, let me take you through the details between our reported results and our constant currency look. This chart summarizes the significant impact of our currency on our results. Our definition of constant currency strips out the translation impacts of all currencies, the additional transaction costs due to the UK cross-rates as well as any gains or losses on currency translation hedges in both the current and prior year. Currency translation hurt our P&L from top to bottom, starting with the $233 million or 9% reduction to revenue and ending with $0.08 or around 11% unfavorable impact to EPS. Additional expense from the UK cross-rate reduced gross margin by 50 basis points and ultimately cost $0.03 of EPS. Finally, current quarter translation hedges resulted in a $5 million loss at NPBT for a $0.01 EPS impact. Q1 FY09's NPBT has been adjusted by $1 million for currency losses that were recognized last year, but was too small to change EPS. This currency bridge will become even more important as the year progresses, particularly as we lap the second quarter of fiscal 2009, which included almost $100 million of currency gains from translation hedges. Before I get into the details of our P&L, I'd like to mention that our income statement presentation looks a bit different due to the company's adoption of a couple of accounting changes. The first change impacts the presentation of the P&L between operating income and net income. FAS 160 requires that we move minority interest expense from other expenses to a new line entitled non-controlling interest. Bottom line, the H.J. Heinz Company net income is the same number that you've been used to seeing as net income, just a new name, and a slightly different way of getting there. In addition, the company has adopted a new standard, which requires an adjustment to the EPS calculation for income allocated to participating securities. In our case, this relates to a portion of our outstanding RSUs. We put the amount just above EPS so that you can follow the calculation. It wasn't large enough to change EPS this quarter, but by year-end, the accounting change will impact both FY10 and FY09 by about $0.01. Please refer to our 10-Q for more details. Getting back to the results, I'll focus on a few of the items that were not on the scorecard. Gross profit dollars were up 4% on a constant currency basis, aided by pricing and productivity improvements. SG&A was up 2% on a constant currency basis, but more importantly, down 30 basis points as a percentage of sales, despite $9 million in up front productivity charges. This reduction reflects the company's focus on fixed cost management and even greater priority given the current economic environment. The next few slides will discuss the drivers of operating income in more detail, so I'll focus on the items below here. Net interest and other expenses were down $6 million, benefiting from a $20 million mark-to-market gain on the total rate of return swap. This roughly offsets the higher interest cost on the doctors. Art covered the doctors' transaction already, but I will mention that in conjunction with this exchange, the company terminated the total rate of return swap. So going forward, there will be no more mark-to-market adjustments for these swaps. That said, those mark-to-market gains did offset the additional expense of the securities not just for the quarter but since they were remarketed last year. The company's effective tax rate was fairly consistent to prior year at 28.5% and roughly in line with the tax rate we're expecting for the full year. Now, let's take a deeper look at sales. As I said, the first quarter delivered organic sales growth of almost 2%. This growth was led by a 6% increase in net pricing, which was largely due to price increases taken later in fiscal 2009 to offset increased commodity costs. Volume decreased 4.3% as favorable volume in the emerging markets particularly India, Russia, and Poland, was more than offset by declines in the US and UK businesses. Acquisitions net of divestitures increased sales by 2.9% primarily from the Golden Circle acquisition and last, but hardly least, foreign exchange translation rates reduced sales by 9%. I've already took you through a review of the segments performance, so I'll just make a few points on this slide. As you can see, every region delivered increases in organic and constant currency basis with the exception of US Foodservice, but even in foodservice, organic sales were virtually flat. More importantly, at the operating income line, the strategy to eliminate less profitable volume is paying off, as you'll see in a few minutes. Just to focus in Europe briefly, you can see that on a constant currency basis we delivered 3% growth, but after a 17% headwind from currency, we reported a 14% decline in overall sales, which underscores the impact currency had on our results for the quarter. Asia/Pac has also suffered significant currency headwinds of about 12%, and again, this quarter, our emerging market strategy continued to pay off with these businesses contributing 14% organic growth. As I noted earlier, gross margin decreased 80 basis points to 35.4% on a reported basis, but on a constant currency basis, only down half as much to 35.8% and slightly ahead of that FY09's full year margin. Aside from the currency impact, the lower margin acquisitions and the investment in future productivity in the form of severance and asset write-downs reduced margins by almost 80 basis points. So isolating those items, pricing and productivity have more than offset the impact of commodities and other inflation. Turning to operating income by segment, North American Consumer Products grew 10% on a reported basis and more than 12% on a constant currency basis, as increased pricing and productivity improvements more than offset higher commodity costs, reduced volume and unfavorable foreign exchange rates. In addition, the growth reflects SG&A savings, which helped fund increased marketing investment. The improvements in S&D and G&A were driven by tight cost control and reduced fuel costs. Europe's results were up 2% on a constant currency basis, stripping out the 22% impact of currency movements on both translation and UK transaction cost. This constant currency improvement reflects higher pricing and productivity improvements, which more than compensated for volume and higher input cost. The Asia/Pacific segment's operating income was down on both the reported and constant currency basis. Translation accounted for three quarters of the reported decline. The remaining amount was due to Australia and Long Fong. These declines were partially offset by excellent results in our Indian business. US Foodservice is a good story for the quarter with operating income of 25%. Pricing and productivity improvements more than offset increased product costs and unfavorable volume partly due to skew rationalization. The profit increase also reflects S&D savings from reduced volume and improved efficiencies driven by last years distribution network upgrade. Finally, the Rest of World segment delivered great results this quarter, up $5 million or 43% on a reported basis. Now let's move to the balance sheet scorecard. Capital Expenditures of $49 million or 2% of sales up 40 basis points from the prior year, but in line with our expectation of around 2.5% of sales for the full fiscal year. Our first quarter cash conversion cycle was 49 days, down two days from the prior year. Operating free cash flow showed significant improvement from last year, up $176 million. We generated $121 million of cash flow this quarter, driven by improvements in quick operating working capital, most notably inventory. Net debt to EBITDA increased slightly, due to the impact of currency on earnings, while most of our debt is US dollar denominated. Five quarter average ROIC, was 18.2%, up 150 basis points. We've remained on track for our targeted ROIC for FY '10 of approximately 17.5%. We've reduced quick operating working capital and CCC improved two days. Despite the difficult trade environment, our Day Sales Outstanding were flat, before the receivable securitization and better by three days including it. There was a significant six day improvement in inventories as a result of the companies continued efforts to create a more flexible supply chain. Finally, accounts payable partially offset these improvements of the seven day decline, a portion of which is tied to the inventory reductions and the resulting decrease in amounts due to suppliers. Of the $207 million improvement in receivables, $132 million was a result of the accounts receivable securitization program established in Q1. These continued efforts to drive strong cash flows delivered a $177 million reduction in net debt, even with the acquisition of Golden Circle, and making discretionary pension contributions. As I mentioned earlier, we delivered excellent operating free cash flow. QOWC improved by $150 million in the quarter. In addition to the $132 million of cash received in connection with the securitization program. We utilized the additional cash from receivable securitization to make incremental discretionary contributions to our pension plans, funding $144 million this year, compared to only $28 million last year. The Company expects to make approximately $260 million to pension contributions in fiscal 2010, $200 million of which is discretionary. As I mentioned, capital expenditures are in line with our plans and finally dividends reflect the annualized rate increase to $1.68 per share that we announced in May. In summary, we're pleased with our performance this quarter, which again demonstrates our ability to grow the business organically, focus on cost control and drive strong cash flow. With that, I'll now turn it over to Art to update you on our full year outlook.
Art Winkleblack:  Thanks, Ed. Before I turn it over to the Q&A, I'd like to just say a couple of final remarks here. Overall, we're off to a very good start to the year with strong constant currency growth in sales, operating income and EPS. We delivered excellent cash flow performance and maintained strong discipline on inventory. Currency rates obviously remain a significant headwind, and we're continuing to invest for the future with ongoing spending on Project Keystone, up front productivity charges and increased consumer marketing on a constant currency basis. For the full year, we reiterate our constant currency guidance of 4% to 6% growth in sales, 6% to 8% growth in operating income, 5% to 8% growth in EPS, and 850 to 900 million in operating free cash flow. Based on the flow of the year, last year, and the timing of our key initiatives this year, we expect second half sales comparatives to be better than in the first half. I'll point out again, that our strong and sharply focused portfolio should be well positioned to capitalize on continued growth in emerging markets, and normalization of foreign currency rates over time. Additionally based on yesterdays close, our dividend yield stands at an industry high of nearly 4.5%. Thanks. Now, I'd like to open it up, turn it over to the operator and take your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from David Palmer with UBS.
David Palmer - UBS: Obviously, you confirmed guidance for the year, but there was likely performance in the quarter that was above or below plan in your thinking, what could you maybe give us highlights and low lights on that, and secondly, with regard to pricing and mix in the quarter, obviously you had six points across the globe. How much of that was price and mix and perhaps could you give us a rough idea of how pricing might fall off through the rest of the year, if indeed you expect that to happen and if there's any major differences between the regions on that, that would be helpful? Thanks.
Art Winkleblack:  David, I think in reality we did exactly what we set out to do. We focused on profit and margins and cash flow and that's exactly what we got, so I'm particularly pleased with the strong cash flow and the margin performance. The thing that I was pleased to see was that, while we were overlapping 10% sales growth last year, we still delivered organic sales up 2% for the quarter, so I think that was good. In terms of highlights and low lights, I don't think anything was too far off what we expected, certainly North America had a good strong first quarter both on the retail side and on the foodservice side. Pricing was strong for the quarter as you pointed out. Overtime that will dissipate just based on the fact that our pricing has been carryover pricing from prior year as opposed to new pricing, but all in line with our expectations and our plans. I think the key that we continue to look at and work toward is hitting the right balance between consumer marketing and trade spending and trying to hit the right price points in this difficult economy.
David Palmer - UBS: So you still think that by the end of the year you'll be having some price mix lift, but perhaps just smaller than what we have here in the first quarter?
Art Winkleblack:  Yeah, I think that would probably be fair to say.
David Palmer - UBS: Lastly on Europe, your volume down four was actually heartening given the comparison I think was up six and comparison get a heck of a lot easier for the rest of the year. How should we be thinking about that line, a straight two year trend would imply significantly positive volume numbers in Europe, but perhaps it's not the right way to think of it?
Art Winkleblack: Yeah, I think we did have pretty good volume performance there given the very, very strong Q1 of last year that we had. If you think about Europe the European continent is stronger, the further you go North and East. We had good strong results in places like Germany and Poland and particularly strong in Russia. We are pleased with the Italian market as well while the birth rate in Italy isn't doing us any great favors so we did pretty nicely there. Northern Europe, the Benelux countries were pretty solid. The weaker parts of the economy are really France and Spain, Spain having a very difficult time economically. In the UK some pretty good strong performance in some of the categories particularly from a value standpoint, but volume continues to be challenged. So, I think we will see how the year progresses. We're off to a good start as I mentioned, but I think we don't have any dilutions that the European continent will continue to be a tough place to operate and so we're trying to again do the right thing from innovation standpoint, continue to invest in marketing and also make sure that we're bringing the right kind of value and price points to the consumers.
Operator: Your next question comes from Alexia Howard with Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein: Good morning everyone. Hi. I have a question about uses of cash and the prioritization of that going forward. It seems to me I don't think there were any share repurchases this quarter. You've obviously made a couple of smaller bolt-on acquisitions over the last year. Could you just talk a little bit about now that the cash flow does seem to be strengthening nicely, and if margins start to improve through the course of the year that could continue from here on, but how are you thinking about uses of cash?
Art Winkleblack:  Yeah, good question, Alexia. I don't think we're thinking about it much differently than when we talked to you in May. The reality is obviously we're first and foremost prioritizing on cash for dividends. As you know, we increased the dividend this year, while many other companies across other industries were taking dividends down. So we're pleased to have taken that up. So dividends continue to be up. We are also looking for more small bolt-on acquisitions that fit into our three core categories and/or would strengthen our emerging market presence Then finally, given the volatility in the economy, we're still looking strongly at debt reduction and keeping some dry powder available for whatever might come.
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein: If I could just slip in one quick follow-up. On sugar prices obviously we're getting a lot of questions right now, given the spiking that's going on there. Are you hedged out on that? How concerned are you about the way that particular input has been moving recently?
Art Winkleblack: Yes. Sugar prices aren't a big factor for us; they were up in the quarter but not a huge factor for us. We are hedged in a number of places, that's a local buy. As you know, we use different sugars fructose in the United States and sucrose outside of the United States. So it varies, but it's something that is part of our commodity headwind, but given our positions, contractual positions and things, not overly concerned with it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jon Feeney with Janney.
Jon Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott: I particularly want to dig in on the Europe situation, just kind of get an update. I think that's probably where you had the most dramatic sort of shift down if you look at the second half of last years fiscal? Specifically, conversations with retailers have gotten kind of contentious across the board with a lot of major EPG companies. Could you just update us in terms of how you're feeling about the second half of this year in Europe specifically and how any recent conversations or market feedback you've gotten from European retailers or even consumers play into that?
Art Winkleblack: I don't think there's much new to report there. It hasn't been an easy situation for many, many months now. Certainly, we're not expecting any great rebound in most developed markets around the world in terms of GDP and things like that. So I think it's going to continue to be tough. The only thing we can do is to continue to do the right thing by the category and to try to work with the retailers on win-win propositions for all involved. We're trying to drive the right balance between consumer marketing and hot price points, certainly in this economy, places like the UK and the US hitting certain price points is more critical than ever. So we're looking hard at pack sizes and things that could allow us to hit certain price points. So we're trying to bring value to the consumer, while also doing the right thing for the category because some of this I think Bill would use the term profitless prosperity, put some of the categories in a lose-lose position where a lot of the promotion spending in the category is down. So we continue to work it, and it just varies across the region as to how those conversations go, but never easy.
Ed McMenamin: I think one thing you mentioned was the tough discussions last year. Last year is when we took most of those price increases. This year, I think we're not going to see many price increases in the developed markets. So those tough discussions are largely behind us.
Art Winkleblack: From pricing standpoint I think that's right, and again, we continue to try to add value and bring innovation to the categories.
Jon Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott: Just one other area when I think about the second half of this year is particularly is US Foodservice. Now, a volume decline a six on the kind of pricing you've taken seems like a kind of category like performance considering how much pressure there is there. Where are your sort of exposure points within the foodservice arena in the US and what should we look for in terms of recovery as a sign that your business is going to get better? Is it quick serve? Is it casual dining?
Art Winkleblack: I think as we look at the business and you look at some of the traffic trends in casual and even now in QSR to some extent, there is nothing particularly positive going on in that arena where the unemployment where it is. We're not counting on any great rebound in that area. So we expect traffic to continue to be a headwind for us and the general industry to be down. Additionally, we're also trying to be very disciplined on what the SKUs. We go to market with. We've done a lot of SKU rationalization and we'll continue to do that. So I think as we said in May, we don't really expect any growth, and in fact, probably a little bit down in terms of organic sales over the full year, but where we do expect to make real gains is at the profit line where a lot of the hard work that the guys have put in and simplifying the business, improving processes, getting the innovation engine growing again. There's lots of good things going on there that I think will allow us to grow profit somewhat this year. It won't be large, but after the last couple of years with profit declining pretty significantly, we're pleased to see that sort of bottom out and then start heading back northward. So we're expecting positive things, but I wouldn't take the 25% growth that we saw in Q1 and then extrapolate that.
Meg Nollen: To your point, Jonathan though, while our volumes may look in line with industry, there's offsets there. So there really is some very strong innovation going on. The partnership with our national accounts and key distributors, the work that our guys are doing to refocus this business and get back to the branded proposition is really paying off and stay and I think a lot of the effort that has been made over the last six, nine, 12 months in our foodservice business has been masked by the general industry malaise. So a lot of kudos and credit to the work that they've been doing, but there's some growth in there and we're very excited about that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ed Roesch with Soleil Capital.
Ed Roesch - Soleil Capital: Can you just remind us on the up front productivity spending? How much are you expecting to do this year, and then, are those initiatives that you use in the targeted 2% or 3% productivity gain?
Art Winkleblack: Ed, we're always looking for opportunities from a productivity standpoint to improve the portfolio. We saw some good opportunities in the first quarter to do that. So we reduced headcount in certain areas. We took out a plant in Mexico. So I think doing the right thing for the business. I wouldn't say we have an expectation for going forward as to exactly what we will or won't do, but I will say we always look for good projects that have a high return. So we'll post you as the year goes along, but so far we're pleased with the projects that we did identify and execute.
Ed Roesch - Soleil Capital: Art, those contribute to your stated 2% or 3% productivity goal or are those somehow on top of that number?
Art Winkleblack: I think it will help get us there for sure. How exactly we're awfully early in the year, how exactly the numbers play out I wouldn't venture a guess but we're feeling good about the ultimate measure there on that productivity which is our gross margin, so I think track the gross margin and you'll see the benefits coming through.
Ed Roesch - Soleil Capital: You mentioned tin plate, could you just tell us what the expectation is for the year, how much that should be up?
Art Winkleblack: I wish I knew the exact specifics on that and it was one of our largest increases this year that was also a large increase in the back half of last year so my recollection is that toward the back half of the year, that overlap ought to start normalizing a bit, but I can't remember exactly where we are contractually on that.
Ed McMenamin: I think we're looking at plus 10% on metals. We don't usually get into the details of it but it's a substantial increase. Thats already mentioned metals, potatoes and tomatoes are the big drivers of the increase this year.
Ed Roesch - Soleil Capital: Okay, thank you and one last one Art. Just I know the environment is challenging on the financing side but I was just curious about the [A.R.] securitization and that seems like sort of a one type of move to do that and it is a great boost to cash flow but other than a tricky environment and everything, can you just kind of speak to why the timing is right to do that now?
Art Winkleblack: Yeah, well I think first of all, it really, the A.R. securitization on a net basis didn't do anything for our operating free cash flow because we fundamentally used that money to put into our discretionary funding of the pension plan so those two pretty much net to zero, but the A.R. securitization we felt like it was a great diversification of our debt portfolio. It's a very cost effective mechanism, not much over LIBOR and as you know, LIBOR is very, very low right now, so it's a good cost effective debt mechanism. It's not quite as low cost as commercial paper but it's a whole lot less expensive than bonds. It allows us to sort of moderate our dependence or usage of commercial paper, and it's kind of a rolling financial mechanism that doesn't have a set maturity date, so I think from a lot of angles we're very pleased that we've got it in place.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Growe with Stifel Nicolaus.
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: Just a couple quick, kind of follow-up questions for you. The first one, Art relative to your volumes they were down a little more than I expected this quarter but would you still think there could be volume growth for the year? As pricing received is what I'm thinking later in the year?
Art Winkleblack: I think as we look at it and I think back in May we talked about volumes being relatively flat for the year, our toughest overlap as we discussed a little bit earlier is really in Q1 and Q2, so I would expect volume to be down through the first half. Back half probably better than that and we'll see how it shapes, whether the year comes in slightly differently in terms of the shape and what not of the P&L, I don't know yet. It's early in the year, but again, I think we feel pretty good about the organic sales results that we've posted and confident in the full year.
Meg Nollen:  I think on a retail basis, your comment probably trends more true, Chris, where there continues to be the negative push is on the foodservice side both with the industry as well as with the SKU rationalization we're doing.
Art Winkleblack: The other side of it is we're very excited about what's going on in the emerging markets not only from an organic sales standpoint but volumes in a number of those markets was very good. So to the extent, we can continue to push down the path on our strategy to drive the emerging markets. We are [heavy and] up the investment in those markets to really sustain some good volume growth.
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: Then I just had a question for you on the cost savings and the $250 million you called out with back in May. Is that a kind of a divide by four and that's what comes through each quarter is it going to phase in throughout the year? I guess it also relates to what you're calling upfront costs. Could those pick up as well to get out those cost savings or how should we look at those two factors for the year?
Art Winkleblack: It's a little bit more back half oriented is my recollection on that, Chris and we've got I think we're very pleased with the productivity that we've gotten in our manufacturing operations and in distribution and logistics, so we're off to a strong start there and I think ahead of the game in some of those cases. One of the harder things to determine in this volatile commodity environment with some commodities coming down, some going up, is what is the procurement productivity number vis--vis the market and so we're sorting through that, but net-net we feel good about our productivity profile and again, we had mentioned that despite some acquisitions that had lower margins and the impact of the UK transaction costs, we expect our gross margin to be at least flat this year which I think is a good result.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Driscoll with Citi Investment Research.
David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research:  Art, sales in the quarter is certainly better than I expected. You beat the consensus by about a nickel. Foreign exchange by my calculations given where current rates are is at least $0.10 better than I think the $0.46 negative impact that you gave in the May call. Interest expense looks like that should be about a nickel benefit versus the 3% increase that was at the top end of the range. Commodities as you cited both in your prepared comments and certainly what we can all see are trending down and does look like it could be a material impact as the year progresses forward. When I add each of these pieces up, it really is quite material in terms of how much better the situation is today than where we were back in May. You didn't change the guidance and I'd just like to explore that a little bit. Is it simply it's only the first quarter, David, and it's too early to do that or is there something here that I'm missing because again, these amounts do appear to be quite material.
Art Winkleblack: No, I think you've got it exactly right, David. It's early in the year. We're only three months in. It's a volatile economy. It's a volatile situation in terms of the currencies, they're up, they are down, they are sideways, and also, where the consumer goes. I think you're seeing consumer, they start to feel better and then they feel worse in a lot of these developed markets and so all we're saying is it is quite early in the year. We do feel good about some of the things that we're seeing. Let's hope currency stays where it is or better, but boy I'll tell you, I don't know how to predict that one. This year is just a tough year to peg from that aspect. As you mentioned on the interest expense side, we had most of the benefit of the doctors' exchange built in, but it does allow us to hopefully pick up a little bit there and we'll see where rates go from there. So anyway I guess you've said it pretty well. Few things are looking positive, but little early in the year and we'll just keep our powder dry and see how the quarters trends out.
David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research: It feels very good right now. Thank you for those comments. One final question. I apologize if you did say this earlier. Can you just be as specific as possible about the pacing of pricing? There was all price increases at various points last year and I want to make sure I get the pattern reasonably right over the next three quarters?
Ed McMenamin: Yes. We don't particularly give quarterly guidance on that, David, but I think it will certainly lessen throughout the quarters. I think each quarter we'll step down from a net pricing standpoint at least the way we're seeing world now. So I'd draw it on a relatively straight-line probably.
Meg Nollen: I think largely there's no new pricing going on with the exception of higher inflationary markets. So if you go back to last year and we can do this off-line but if you just take a look at the progression of pricing last year, it should then trend in opposite back down through the rest of the quarters this year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Serotta with Consumer Edge Research.
Eric Serotta - Consumer Edge Research: Art, I was hoping you could answer a broader conceptual question about what's going on in the industry now. It seems like you clearly were executing on the strategy of sacrificing volume for profit. At the same time, it seems that most of your peers, I don't want to say your direct competitors because certainly some of the direct competitors are doing just the opposite. A lot of the large cap US peers seem to be saying the same thing that they're sacrificing volumes for profit as well. I guess, I'm wondering why do you think that overall volumes for the industry are so weak. With that as a back drop, why do you think the industry volumes are so weak given the continued trade down to food at home?
Art Winkleblack: Well, I think if you look probably in most categories, the base business is pretty strong. A lot of our categories we're seeing the base hanging in there with category growth or whatever the category fortunes are. What you're seeing in many cases is a drop off and sometimes significant in incremental or promoted volume. That's as people choose not to play on the deep discount and given where commodities have gone, the other thing is you saw in the chart that we showed is that private label is a factor. We've seen private label growth and we've talked about it for a number of months. It really did surge in 2008 and the first part of 2009. The good news is that we're seeing that moderate, but it is still quite a bit higher than where it was and some private label continues to grow. So I think it's incumbent upon the manufacturers to keep innovating, keep doing the right thing to justify the brands and to bring innovation to the category. That ultimately will be the right answer, also to make sure that we sharpen our pencil on some of the price points. As we look forward, we'll be looking to strike a good balance between the consumer marketing side of it and a little bit sharper on some of the price points in certain products, where we want to make sure we hit an important price position.
Meg Nollen: We're starting to run out of time. I know there are a lot of you with questions. Can I ask you to please limit it to one question and we'll try to fire through them pretty quickly here.
Eric Serotta - Consumer Edge Research: I have a housekeeping follow-up, if you don't mind. Just wanted to clarify; is the gain on the TRS included in your guidance and where were the costs of the exchange that you did with the doctors on the P&L and how much was that?
Ed McMenamin: A bit of the gain on the TRS covers the one-time cost of the doctors. The lion's share of the cost is associated with over the 30-year note and it comes through that way. So you'll see it's more of an exchange where we took the high cost and rolled that into 30-year notes.
Art Winkleblack: So it is built into our numbers.
Ed McMenamin: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ed Aaron with RBC Capital Markets.
Ed Aaron - RBC Capital Markets: I wanted to talk to you about inflation piece, that 6% you mentioned is below your target. I've been operating under the assumption that Q1 would probably be a high watermark for inflation this year. Is that a correct assumption as far as how you see the world?
Art Winkleblack: No. I think a lot of it is the timing of contracts. So while the market is certainly moderating on a number of things, not all but a number of things, what you're seeing is the impact of our contractual setup both in last year and this year. So I wouldn't expect to see a huge decrease in the commodity inflation and we're obviously watching that carefully and trying to manage that as tightly as we can. We would love to drive some upside there, but we're not seeing a lot of that yet. We've got a sizeable portion of our products locked in for the back half already. So there's lots of factors that play in there.
Ed McMenamin: When you look at last year, a portion of our productivity was locking in some of the commodity costs before they went up. So we were paying for cost was a lot less than what you were seeing in the market as those contracts were aloft later this year, even though the markets maybe dropping in some cases those costs that we'll be paying in the later parts of the year may be higher than the currencies last year..
Ed Aaron - RBC Capital Markets: The currency transaction piece should be helpful in the back half versus this quarter certainly, right?
Art Winkleblack: Yes. The early part of last year, currency transaction was not a huge headwind and then as the year progressed, it got pretty tough. So yes, right now we would be a little better than we were at the end of last year.
Ed McMenamin: We'll knock on wood that we get some stability in some of these currency rates.
Art Winkleblack: It's hard at this point I would say to say that any of the currency movements are quite a trend yet.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Lazar with Barclays Capital.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: I think back at the meeting in New York in May, you talked about the likelihood or an estimate of sort of the trade or promotional spend piece maybe rising this fiscal year, I think it was 30 to 40 basis points or so. I think it was Bill's point I was trying to get across that as you're going to focus on trying to do the right thing around that balance between volume and profit and the whole pricing dynamic that hopefully Heinz and maybe the industry could hold on to a reasonable portion of that given it was justified when you all took it. So I'm trying to get a sense given what you've seen around sort of volume trends recently and maybe the competitive environment more broadly. Is that still a reasonable place to be and I'm trying to get at the pricing environment and promotional environment and if that will remain manageable for lack of a better word?
Art Winkleblack: Yes. I don't know if it's ever manageable, but it's one of those things where when you have a very strong brand position, you certainly stand a much higher chance of holding pricing than maybe not. In terms of promotional spending, I think Bill had mentioned a range of about 30 to 50 basis points and I think that's probably accurate. It may be on the high end of that. We'll see how things go. As we mentioned in May, the good news is that we now have much, much better processes systems and frankly talent dedicated to managing that. So to the extent, we make some targeted investments in certain areas, we have the ability to watch and monitor the return we get on those whereas in the past maybe we wouldn't know. Anyway, so, yes, I do expect promotional spending to be up somewhat this year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Spillane with Bank of America.
Brian Spillane - Bank of America: I wanted a clarification on the Serotta's question about the interest rate swap. The $20 million mark-to-market gain is included in the guidance you've given for net interest expense?
Art Winkleblack: Sure.
Ed McMenamin: Yes.
Brian Spillane - Bank of America: Then just one other if I could. On the pensions, now that you've made the discretionary pension contribution, is there a P&L benefit associated with that, as you book a rate of return on that contribution?
Art Winkleblack: Yes. That was built into our planned guidance that we talked about in May. So if you'll recall we did a bit of discretionary funding in the fourth quarter of last year and then planned some for the first part of this year and there will be a bit more in the rest of the year as I mentioned of about 200 million of discretionary.
Ed McMenamin: Had we not put in the discretionary funding, the pension costs would have been up pretty significantly. I think in May we mentioned that pension costs be up about $0.02 on an EPS basis.
Meg Nollen: Yes. The key on the interest expense guidance if you go back and look and I had to do a little digging even myself, but our guidance was that net interest expense would impact our earnings growth 1% to 3%. So that range's of 1 to 3 factored some of the work that we've been doing on the debt portfolio this year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Terry Bivens with JPMorgan.
Terry Bivens - JPMorgan: Just a quick question on the frozen business, Art. I know Wal-Mart paneled that, it can be a bit fake sometimes, but it does look like you guys have come down from a very high growth rate there, and I guess last year as I recall you were a BPI there. I'm just wondering, when do you lap that and if you could just kind of briefly touch on current state of affairs in the frozen business given its importance to your US business?
Art Winkleblack: Yes. I think, Terry as I mentioned, the category is a difficult category in the US and it's clearly correlated to the economy and we've seen it before and it continues. The category has been down for more than a year now. So it is a difficult category. We are seeing very deep promotional activity by some of our competitors, that is impacting things, which is interesting because the category continues to be down while a lot of promotional money is being sent. So we would rather not participate in that to the degree we can stay away from it. The other factor there is the timing of our product launches and some of the marketing that we did last year was early part of the year this year. It's back half of the year. So to your question, I would expect our back half comparatives to be better and frankly in some cases, we're going to have to get a little bit more sharp on some of our price points to continue to drive the business. So it's a number of factors there. Over time we still feel very good about it. We're bringing innovation to the category which we think is the right thing. As long as the economy will stabilize at some point, we'll see that category return to some growth and also probably return to strength of the Weight Watcher classroom business.
Operator: Your final question comes from Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: I guess first just to comment. Art, I don't think it's right for you not to give some guidance on the up front cost. I mean every other company in the industry that absorbs the cost gives us an outlook, and this isn't random type of stuff. I mean, you aren't going to just randomly shut down some facility in the UK tomorrow and then book it into the second quarter. So I think going forward, you should be able to give us some guidance as to what kind of charges you're going to take through the P&L. Second, just the question is North American consumer margins of 25%, that's higher than I think I ever remember coming out of that business and obviously some of that has to do with the promotion pullback. So sequentially as the year progresses, should we assume that that margin declines as you're kind of forced to deal more with the promotional environment particularly in frozen? Thanks.
Art Winkleblack: What we're trying to do there, Eric, is obviously trying to base sales. So that's been a key factor in the margin performance, along with the fact that we are getting very strong productivity improvements. The supply chain is running well. We're bringing down the inventory. I think we're doing a lot of the right things within consumer products. In terms of the margin going forward, I don't recall and probably won't give any guidance on where the margin goes from there, but just understand that in certain cases we will get a little bit sharper in terms of the balance between pricing and consumer marketing. So I'm not sure I would count on any particular margin as we go forward. So the other piece of it is and I think you'll see stronger marketing in the second half which obviously has a cost associated with it. So we've seen our gross margins there bounce back to where they had been historically. So we feel good about that. We're trying to drive the business through a lot of productivity, and we'll see where the pricing front comes out versus volume.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Why shouldn't we view 25% as kind of, I mean I just looking over the history of the industry, I mean, any time a category or a segment gets to that level, I mean it seems to me that that's just a concern. It's as if you're milking the business.
Art Winkleblack: No. Keep in mind, the cost structure, we tend to be very, very good at managing costs very aggressively and that goes all the way up and down the P&L. So if you look at some of the overhead load that a lot of other of our peers maybe carry, we're more effective on that. So I take your point, you don't want to be driving an unsustainable margin. Clearly, we don't believe we're doing that. We're looking to try to be as tight with cost as we possibly can in order to allow us to do the right things in the marketplace.
Meg Nollen: Some of this is a function of us walking away from those promotions. So you've seen some of the lower margin business. We've made a choice. We're balancing things. So this quarter in particular I think you see a very high emphasis as we showed you our base sales are incredibly strong in the retail business, and I think that's a piece of it. So as the environment tends to rationalize and get a little smarter and we execute more balance throughout the rest of the year, but marketing expense was very high in the first quarter last year as we were supporting Fruit Inspirations launch, you're going to see some very strong Smart Ones marketing and innovation in the back half so stay tuned. So, guys, I just need to wrap it up. We've gone way over our time. Thanks so much. We'll be available all day in Investor Relations for your calls. You can reach us main number 412-456-6020. Look forward to talking with you today and next week. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in H.J. Heinz Company fiscal year 2010 first quarter earnings release conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q4  (2009-05-28 08:30:00) =====
Executives:  William Johnson  President & CEO Art Winkleblack  EVP & CFO David Moran  EVP, President & CEO Heinz North America Scott OHara  EVP, President & CEO Heinz Europe Margaret Nolan  VP IR 
Analysts:  David Palmer  UBS Terry Bivens  JPMorgan Ed Erin  RBC Robert Moskow  Credit Suisse [Eric Sirota  Unspecified Company] Chris Growe  Stifel Nicolaus Bryan Spillane - Banc of America - Merrill Lynch  Andrew Lazar  Barclays Capital [David Driscoll  Citi Investment]  Unspecified Analyst  Unspecified Analyst  Unspecified Analyst  
Margaret Nollen : My name is Margaret Nollen, Vice President Investor Relations for the H.J. Heinz Company. Id like to welcome everyone to our 2009 Analyst and Investor Day. For those of you attending todays session all of your conference materials are included in the folder. If you dont have one, just raise your hand and weve got folks passing those out.  Each speakers presentation is separate and the agenda for the day is in the front of the folder. Updated financial and statistical summaries are also included in the back of your packet which now includes five years of financial and sales history.  For those of you on the simultaneous listen-only call or webcast, the presentation and stat pages are available on our website at www.heinz.com in the Investor section.  We have a great update planned for you today starting with a strategic overview by William Johnson, a detailed walk through by Art Winkleblack of our FY09 results and F10 plans. This will include a thorough analysis of foreign exchange impacts on our business. In addition we will have presentations from our largest markets, North America and Europe, with David Moran and Scott OHara. Mike Milone will be participating during the Q&A session. Mike is responsible for rest of world and quality.  Our schedule is a bit tight today so let me lay out the parameters and you can be prepared to get the maximum benefit. We have presentations scheduled throughout the morning, from 8:30 to just after 10:00. There will be one quick 10-minute break about 9:30. To ensure we stay on schedule we have a single Q&A session at the end of our formal presentations or from about 10:00 to 11:00. So fair warning, keep your questions handy throughout the morning. As a reminder questions will be taken from those persons attending the presentation today here at The New York Stock Exchange and a special thank you to our friends here for use of their facilities.  Now before we begin let me refer you to the forward-looking statements, during our presentation we may make predictive statements that are intended to clarify results for your understanding. We ask you to refer to our 2008 Form 10-K as well as our press release today which list some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our predictions.  We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. We may also use non-GAAP financial measures in our presentation as the company believes such measures allow for consistent period-to-period comparisons of the business. The most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures are available in the companys earnings release and at the back of our presentation today.  And now the day begins. Id like to turn it over to William Johnson, Chairman, President and CEO of H.J. Heinz.
William Johnson : Thank you Margaret, I have to thank [Angela Zarr, Eric Sirota and David Driscoll] without whom I wouldnt be here today. The guard refused to let me in. They vouched that I wasnt an analyst and that seemed to convince him. Secondly as part of your gifts what we forgot to give you was a currency calculator and I think youll find that handy as Art goes through his comments later.  On behalf of Heinz and our Senior Management team I want to welcome you to the NYSC for our 2009 Investor and Analyst Meeting. Our purpose today is to share with you the excellent results weve generated over the past three years, recap our record 2009 performance, review consumer and customer trends, and discuss our outlook for fiscal 2010. Our message is unmistakably clear, Heinz is a healthy company with strong category leading brands and core businesses that are performing well in a difficult environment. On an operating basis we expect to deliver another year of growth on constant currency basis in fiscal 2010. History tells us that the unprecedented volatility in currency is cyclical and is certainly outside of our control. Putting it aside you will see why I continue to be encouraged about our prospects in fiscal 2010 and beyond. We have great brands, a focused global portfolio in categories where we are positioned to win and a strategy that has delivered good results over the last three years.  Equally important we have a nimble proactive management team that has worked together for a number of years in this industry and has proven its ability to adapt quickly and effectively to changing conditions. Here is why we are well positioned for continued growth and performance.  Since spinning off our US tuna, pet food, baby food, and soup businesses to Del Monte in 2002, Heinz has become a focused, efficient, and innovative company with leading global capabilities in three vibrant core categories; ketchup, condiments, and sauces, meals and snacks, and infant/nutrition.  In fiscal 2009 96% of the companys sales came from these three core categories with approximately 70% from a very focused portfolio of just 15 brands. We have a proven plan to drive growth and consistent performance in this environment and are confident that we can sustain our recent momentum.  Our industry leading top and bottom line growth over the past three years reflects the quality of our plan and our four strategic pillars; grow the core portfolio, accelerate growth in emerging markets, strengthen and leverage global scale, and make talent an advantage. Since we first announced our plan in June of 2006, we have grown sales at a compound annual growth rate of 5.5% to about $10.1 billion.  We have grown earnings per share by 38% from an organic base of $2.10 in fiscal 2006 to $2.90 in the year just ended. We have delivered double-digit growth each year and a compound annual growth rate of around 11%. Weve generated operating free cash flow of nearly $2.7 billion, much of which has been returned directly to our shareholders and weve improved our after-tax return on invested capital by 360 basis points.  Our excellent three-year performance was highlighted by a record year of sales and net income in fiscal 2009. Reported sales rose modestly to a record $10.1 billion. However on a constant currency basis sales in fiscal 2009 increased 7.4% to $10.8 billion and most importantly organic sales grew 5.5%. We have now achieved organic sales growth for 16 consecutive quarters.  Net income grew 9.2% to a record $923 million. Earnings per share increased 10.3% to $2.90 at the higher end of our guidance supported by healthy organic sales growth and our decision to hedge currency. Operating free cash flow reached $880 million, well above our target despite an incremental $65 million discretionary pension payment, and after-tax return on invested capital improved to 18.4%.  I am particularly pleased with our consistently strong cash flow results, the almost $2.7 billion in operating free cash flow weve generated over the last three years has enhanced the companys financial vitality, protected our credit ratings which remain a priority, and helped sustain our strong balance sheet.  Equally important is underwritten another increase in our dividend which we announced this morning. The dividend increase reflects the ongoing confidence of management and The Board in the future, and our strategy of returning a high percentage of earnings to Heinz shareholders. With this increase our dividend has grown almost 56% since being adjusted in fiscal 2003 for the Del Monte spinoff.  Its clear that weve delivered consistently good performance and growth over the last three years. With this period now behind us, I want to look forward and share my perspective on how the changing environment is shaping and influencing not only our plans but those of our peers. The severe global recession that started late 2007 has fundamentally altered the world in which we operate. There is no question that the recession with a sharp decline in GDP, home foreclosures, tighter credit and high unemployment has dramatically effected consumer confidence, behavior, spending and ultimately their consumption.  However regardless of the economic climate the Heinz team remains focused on delivering results while continuing to build a strong foundation for the future. Our strategy reflects a thorough understanding of the factors that we originally discussed in November as a means of optimizing our performance during these challenging times.  We refer to them as the five Cs; consumers, commodities, currency, cost, and cash. Lets start with a quick review of the consumer. In both developed and emerging markets consumers are trying to stretch their budgets. Value conscious consumers around the world are eating out less and at home more often.  Theyre pursuing lower prices and becoming more selective shoppers. In short, its a shop smart, value meal economy. The consumers growing appetite for value has propelled private label growth and contributed to unprecedented channel shifting. Private label growth while still a major concern does appear to be easing somewhat, albeit at higher sustained share levels.  We expect this growth to slow even more as the global economy improves. The desire for greater value is driving an increase in channel shifting as consumers seek lower prices at grocery, discount, dollar, club stores, or where ever they can find it. Were seeing a similar trend in Europe where traditional retailers have begun to respond to the discounters with their own value selections. Scott will have more on this later. In light of this trend we are reallocating some marketing resources to in store activities to influence consumer decisions at the point of purchase. Its likely that we will see marginally higher levels of deals and allowance spend in the new fiscal year to counteract the value difference in certain categories.  However as I said at Cagney, we much all be wary of the [inaudible] prosperity that results from simply chasing volumes. While the current economic climate is testing consumer goods companies, our research does indicate that consumers still prefer leading brands in most categories including ours.  Heinz products around the world are fairing relatively well as consumers continue to place confidence and trust in our brands and we continue to connect with them. In the US for example, the Heinz brand ranked number one in University of Michigan American Customer Satisfaction Index for now the ninth consecutive year.  In the UK consumers are saying they will not give up Heinz ketchup, beans, and tomato soup in a recession. Again Scott will have more on this later. Even consumers who have altered their shopping behavior are saying they will return to brand names as the economy improves. Thats why we must continue to innovate and create new products that resonate with consumers.  Strong brands are needed by the retailer customers who also need innovation to bring traffic to their categories. The ultimate casualties of changing consumer behavior as I said at Cagney, will be weaker brands that do not innovate. These brands are likely to be among the first culled as customers work to reduce their number of SKUs.  Turning to another important C, commodities, Heinz anticipates significantly higher costs this year for potatoes and tomatoes, partially in response to the phase out of European government subsidies for tomatoes, as well as higher cost for tin plate, meat, and beans.  We do expect some easing in commodities like resin, dairy, and oil. Given our global operations currency cross rates are in some cases exacerbating the inflationary effect of commodity prices resulting in higher cost of goods. This is particularly true in the UK, New Zealand, Poland, Canada, and Russia. Our procurement team is managing our commodity portfolio effectively. We have now locked in prices for approximately 50% of our fiscal 2010 commodity purchases while retaining some flexibility for the remainder. Overall we currently anticipate commodity inflation of roughly 7% to 8% in fiscal 2010 including the impact of unfavorable cross rates.  Beyond consumers obviously the most problematic C for Heinz in the new year is likely to be currency. Given that approximately 60% of our sales and the majority of our net income are generated outside the United States, the impact of unfavorable translation rates will make reported year over year financial comparisons difficult. Art will have a great deal of detail on this later.  Comparisons will be further complicated by equally significant unfavorable moves in cross rates. In fiscal 2009 we obviously benefited from our strategic decision to hedge currency, but hedging was not a viable option into fiscal 2010 because of the mark-to-market accounting rules. We know that currency changes are cyclical and these headwinds will not last forever.  Therefore the global breadth, balance, and strength of Heinz are how we should be valued. These remain a long-term competitive advantage for us and we expect continued organic operating excellence as I think youll see in both Scotts and Davids presentation. We will do our best to convey our progress on a constant currency basis while being as transparent as possible in how currency is effecting our results.  Importantly we are not going to make major changes in the way we run our business due to currency and we are not going to disinvest to compensate. We will however take prudent action in fiscal 2010 to conserve cash and reduce costs starting with our target of at least $250 million in productivity savings.  To that end we are reducing operating costs in fiscal 2010 by freezing the pay of virtually all salaried employees, reducing the annual performance based bonus opportunity by around 20%, and eliminating a number of executive [purchases]. We are also aiming for flat fixed costs on a constant currency basis in our developed markets with a goal of holding fixed cost increases in emerging markets to less then half the rate of sales growth.  Additionally we are aggressively pursuing reductions in the more then $2 billion we spend on indirect and discretionary items which Art will elaborate on further. We will continue with our expansion of SAP across the companys business units focusing in 2010 on Northern Europe. This is a key part of our long-term plan to make Heinz more efficient and effective.  Now that Ive discussed the changing environment Id like to share a long-term outlook and provide some guidance for fiscal 2010.  Over the long-term we expect to deliver 3% to 4% top line growth and 6% to 9% earnings growth on a constant currency basis. In the short-term focusing specifically on fiscal 2010, we expect constant currency sales growth of 4% to 6%, constant currency growth in operating income of 6% to 8%, constant currency EPS growth of 5% to 8%.  Based on recent average FX rates this would translate to reported earnings per share of around $2.60 to $2.70 for fiscal 2010. We also expect another strong year of cash generation with operating free cash flow of around $850 million to $900 million. We will continue to execute our long-term strategy in fiscal 2010 but given the current environment we will focus more selectively on continued investments behind our core brands and big ideas. Managing the balance between innovation and consumer value, one cannot be done at the expense of the other. Continued investment in emerging markets to underwrite our long-term growth plans. A heightened emphasis on cost control and global productivity, and an aggressive focus on cash to support a higher dividend, reduce debt, and provide the resources for small, opportunistic tuck in acquisitions.  Investing for growth is still a priority. We will continue to support our core brands and proven ideas and consequently expect to increase marketing on a constant currency basis, by 7% to 10% while also funding a 30 to 40 basis point increase in deal spinning. These are all reflected in our range. Over the last three years weve driven growth in our core portfolio through increased innovation and much more aggressive marketing.  Weve also capitalized on the growing consumer preference for products that help people lead healthier lifestyles. We will make some short-term tactical adjustments this year primarily through innovation that delivers greater value to consumers like our economy sized ketchup bottles shown in the forefront there. We will also continue our unrelenting emphasis on health and wellness initiatives particularly focusing on [inaudible] in beans, soups and ketchup.  A good example of our long-term thinking and agility in sharing ideas across the globe at greatly improved capability at Heinz is grown not made. This ketchup campaign was very successfully launched in Europe last year. Grown not made which David will speak in detail about later conveys Heinzs leadership in tomato growing and processing, from field to fork.  Through our HeinzSeed program we are the clear leader in traceability and sustainability when it comes to tomatoes. Our grown not made campaign is now underway in the US supported by the most aggressive media spend for US ketchup since our memorable anticipation campaign 25 years ago.  We expect continued growth for Heinz ketchup in fiscal 2010 building on the more then 9% organic growth we achieved in fiscal 2009. To accelerate our growth we will continue to explore bolt-on M&A opportunities. Our strategy is to compliment the growth of our core portfolio while sustaining our current credit ratings with acquisitions that enhance capabilities and deliver cost synergies, greater scale and leverage, and other benefits particularly in emerging markets.  In December for example we took an important growth step in Asia Pacific by acquiring Golden Circle in Australia. Heinz Australia has been probably our top performing company over the last five years and Golden Circle gives us the opportunity for a further step change in that business. With this acquisition the combined sales of our Australian and New Zealand business units will approach $1 billion US making Heinz one of the best-positioned and largest companies in that region.  The acquisition adds two excellent brands, Golden Circle and the Original Juice Co. Its a great fit with our increasing global focus on health and wellness and with our procurement expertise in vegetables and fruits. Golden Circle is an Australian icon with very high awareness and strong brand equity. The company manufactures a range of excellent fruit based products and beverages.  We plan to drive incremental growth through more aggressive marketing and innovation and we see a terrific opportunity to expand the reach of Golden Circle across Asia Pacific leveraging our scale and infrastructure. The integration of Golden Circle is proceeding well, synergies are on track, and we are excited about the long-term growth potential of this iconic business.  Beyond M&A we are continually looking for ways to further streamline and simplify our mix of businesses. We are currently analyzing the potential impact of several small divestitures and related productivity initiatives and well be back to you shortly as we finalize our plans.  Emerging markets represent a key long-term growth engine for Heinz. We were heavily criticized years ago for these moves, but I think we were among the first to recognize their potential and we are uniquely positioned to add to our first mover advantage in a number of these markets. We plan to continue investing in R&D, marketing, new capacity, and talent and systems upgrades to drive disproportionate growth in these markets and we will continue to evaluate potential acquisitions to expand our reach and capabilities.  Emerging markets generated 14% of our sales last year and about one-third of our organic sales growth. We remain on track to grow emerging markets to around 20% of Heinz total sales by 2013. We have very strong businesses in these markets led by our rapidly growing business in India, which features two well-positioned nutritional beverages; Complan and Glucon-D.  In India, sales of Complan have doubled over just three years and we are approaching $100 million behind a very effective communication strategy focused on the growth and health of children. In Indonesia, our ABC brand of soya sauces, chili sauces, and cordials, is pushing towards $250 million in sales. We see significant growth potential in Indonesia because of the strength of our brand, our management team, and our distribution base.  In Russia, the worlds second largest ketchup market, for years Ive said our goal was to become number one. While we are a leader in ketchup condiments and sauces with multiple brands and we became number one in value share in the most recent eight-week period.  Our shares in the key cities of Moscow and St. Petersburg have reached nearly 40% and we are leveraging our grown not made campaign and our relationship with McDonalds which is very strong in Russia to drive share growth in other cities as we build distribution throughout that massive country.  In Poland, we achieved record sales for the 12th consecutive year driven by the strength of the Pudliszki brand ready meals, cooking sauces, ketchup, and other tomato products as the Polish grocery market continues to outpace growth in other markets in Europe.  Latin America, with double-digit organic sales growth in 2009 represents one of our fastest growing businesses. We have recently launched baby food and ketchup in Mexico behind the new baby food line in Guadalajara. In just over a year Heinz has already built an 11% share in Mexico in ketchup, one of the 10 largest ketchup markets in the world.  In China, our infant/nutrition business grew organic sales at a healthy double-digit rate in fiscal 2009. After recovering from the industry wide melamine issue, we have significant innovation planned for this year. We also expect Long Fong our Chinese frozen dumpling business to regain momentum in 2010 following some significant management changes last year.  China by the way isnt the only market where our growing infant/nutrition business is thriving. Worldwide this category achieved 9% growth in fiscal 2009 on an organic basis driven by innovation, higher sales in emerging markets, and very solid performance in Italy. We expect emerging markets to continue driving a disproportionate share of Heinz future growth as the middle class expands in these areas.  We are very enthused about these markets. We will leverage our global scale in distribution and continue to strengthen our position in these markets behind solid infrastructure and a very successful focus on new product development and R&D. In summary I want to reiterate a few key points, first over the last three years Heinz has delivered consistent performance and strong growth culminating in record profits and sales in fiscal 2009. In fiscal 2010 we expect another year of growth on a constant currency basis. Heinz is a healthy company with a high performing and focused global portfolio of leading brands and categories where we are positioned to win.  We are delivering disproportionate growth in emerging markets and we are very well positioned for the long-term. Our developed markets are adapting resiliently and successfully to the current environment. Our management team led by Art, Scott, David, Mike Milone, and Chris Warmoth have shown a proven ability to adapt quickly and successfully to changing market conditions through nimble, fact based and I want to add, unfettered decision making.  As a leader in food quality, safety, and sustainability, we remain a trusted brand of households across the world. As we celebrate our 140th anniversary we will continue to fulfill our commitment to Heinz shareholders to create value through superior operating performance with a strong focus on cash flow.  I have never had more confidence in Heinz and its future. We have world-class iconic brands, a proven plan that is delivering growth as proven over the last three years, and a very strong position in emerging markets. And we have most importantly one of the best, longest tenured teams in the food industry. So at this time Im going to turn the presentation over to Art, to review our fiscal 2009 fourth quarter results in detail. 
Art Winkleblack : Thanks William, good morning everyone. Ill take you through a full review of the FY09 results and just a brief recap of Q4 performance. As William indicated we are very pleased with the strong results that we delivered.  Key highlights for the year include 5.5% organic sales growth, EPS of $2.90 which was at the high end of our range, operating free cash flow of $880 million including significant incremental pension funding, and ROIC up 160 basis points. All achieved in this tougher economic environment.  To provide more depth lets first take a look at our P&L scorecard, despite a significant headwind from currency translation, sales for the year were up about 1% largely driven by the 5.5% organic growth. Gross margin at 35.3% was down 120 basis points as commodity costs increased at a double-digit rate.  Consumer marketing was down for the year primarily reflecting the impact of currency. Reported operating income was down almost 5% but was up 3% excluding the effects of foreign exchange translations and up almost 6% when also adjusting for the major transaction cross rate changes in the UK.  And finally EPS was up double-digits as we offset the majority of foreign exchange losses through translation currency hedges.  To understand the magnitude of the currency impact on FY09 weve laid out constant currency results versus the reported [indicies] you just saw on the prior chart. Note that we have adjusted here for both currency translation and UK transaction impacts. This analysis shows that we posted very strong results on this constant currency basis.  Sales for the year were up about 7.5%, gross margin while still down was 50 basis points better then the reported numbers. Marketing was down only about 3% as we held back some spending in the turbulent months of February and March. Operating income was up almost 6% and EPS increased about 18%. In order to provide full transparency on how we are looking at the business, here we have provided the bridge between reported and constant currency results. This is the key chart youll want to keep in order to fully understand our FY09 results. Cutting through the detail, currency translation lowered EPS by $0.29 for the year but was largely offset by a $0.21 gain on our translation hedges.  The net was a reduction of $0.08 versus the prior year. The other major element of the currency dynamic is the cross currency rate movements in the UK. The dramatic decline in the pound combined with the fact that more then one-third of our inputs in the UK are sourced from the US and the European continent created significant FX related cost headwinds for the company. This impact was an additional $0.10. Turning to the full year P&L on a reported basis, Id like to draw your attention to three lines. First, a key factor to our success in FY09 was our stringent cost controls in SG&A. SG&A excluding marketing was up only 1% and flat as a percent of sales at 17.2% despite higher spending on project keystone, increased fuel cost, wage inflation, and a number of bolt-on acquisitions.  Second, net interest and other expenses were $154 million lower then prior year driven primarily by two key items. We had a $107 million mark-to-market gain on the translation currency hedges and we recognized favorable mark-to-market gains on the total return swap associated with our remarketable securities.  With the improving debt markets these gains totaled $20 million for the year and largely offset the higher coupon on the remarketable securities. And the third key line to note is the tax rate, our effective tax rate came in at the low end of our range and was better then last year at 28.8%.  Now for your modeling purposes, the next chart summarizes the quarterly impact of the mark-to-market gains I just mentioned. Again, the currency hedges enabled us to overcome the unfavorable translation impact on both profit and cash flow. And the total return swap helped to offset the higher coupon on our remarketable securities in FY09. This will important as you track our year on year performance in fiscal 2010. Now shifting to revenue our organic sales growth was very close to our 6% goal despite the tough global environment. Volume was down 1.5%, net pricing increased by 7%, acquisitions contributed almost two points to growth while Forex was a hit of about 6.5%. Excluding US food service, organic growth would have been 7%.  Turning to sales by segment, we delivered organic growth for the year in all reportable segments with the exception of the US food service. Keys for the year include 6% plus organic sales growth in our large European and North American consumer products businesses, better then 30% growth in our rest of world region, organic growth by our top 15 brands of more then 7%, and almost 16% growth in our emerging markets. Brief highlights in each segment include the following; organic growth in Europe of 6% was driven by a 7% increase in price. European volume was basically flat. Acquisitions increased sales by 2.5% while unfavorable foreign exchange translation rates decreased sales by 12%. North American consumer products posted organic growth of over 6% with pricing of almost 7% and virtually flat volume.  Unfavorable Canadian exchange rates decreased sales by 2%. Asia Pacific organic sales were up almost 5% for the year reflecting a 6% increase in price. The acquisitions of Golden Circle and La Bonne Cuisine increased sales by about 7% while unfavorable translation rates decreased sales by roughly 10%.  David will talk more about US food service shortly for the year but pricing was up 3.5% while volume declined 6%. And in the rest of world segment organic sales grew a very strong 32%. Volume increased by 5% and pricing was up almost 28%. Foreign exchange decreased sales by five percentage points.  Gross margin was down 120 basis points for the year as 5.5 points of pricing and productivity was more then offset by about 6.5 points of inflation. We estimate market inflation on our basket of commodities was approximately 11% for the year led by significant increases on packaging, potatoes, and tomato products.  Additionally the cost for inputs in the UK sourced from Europe and the US were impacted by the changes in cross rates which on its own, accounted for a third of the total companys drop in gross margins. For the year, productivity gains were partially offset by production cutbacks to reduce inventories, and by unfavorable contracts on some commodities.  The balance of the margin change is primarily driven by the new acquisitions which have lower margins then our base business but represent and opportunity as we go forward. Now turning to operating income each of our businesses posted very strong growth, again with the exception of US food service.  Operating income in North American consumer products grew almost 7% overall and achieved 9% growth on a constant currency basis as strong organic sales growth was effectively leveraged with a 60 basis point improvement in operating margin. Europe was faced with almost 12% headwinds this year from currency translation and another 7% from cross currency transaction movements in the UK. As a result operating income was down almost 12% but without these currency headwinds OI would have been up a very healthy 7%.  Our constant currency operating income in Asia Pacific grew almost 9% while reported OI was down 6.5%, again reflecting the unfavorable impact of currency translation. US food service was down to prior year by 24%. The reduced earnings largely reflect the impact of lower traffic at restaurant customers, limited pricing, and significant commodity cost increases.  And finally rest of world delivered strong profit results this year, up 17% constant currency and 15% on a reported basis.  Now lets move to the full year balance sheet scorecard, CapEx at 2.9% was slightly lower then prior year despite increased investments in our global process and systems blueprint. In response to recent changes in economic conditions across the globe the company has been carefully reevaluating all non-critical capital projects.  The cash conversion cycle increased seven days from prior year, five days of which was due to payables and about two days from receivables. The payables decline was impacted by three days for the net investment hedges that were a liability at this time last year and have since been paid.  Going forward well be narrowing this definition of CCC to focus solely on trade receivables, trade payables, and inventory to make this a better operating metric. For the year DII was flat to prior year reflecting very strong inventory reductions in the last four months of the year. Operating free cash flow hit $880 million and the ratio of net debt to EBITDA improved to 2.3x.  Finally we continue to improve our after-tax ROIC up 160 basis points. Importantly even if you exclude the ROIC benefit of the translation hedge gains, ROIC would have improved by 50 basis points.  Now turning to cash, our operating free cash flow was $30 million ahead of plan despite about $65 million in incremental pension funding during the year. This result is on par with last year and largely reflects the impact of higher net income, offset by increased pension contributions.  Cash paid for acquisitions of almost $300 million relates primarily to the Benedicta, Golden Circle, and La Bonne Cuisine deals. Now lets take just a quick look at our performance for Q4, Q4 results were in line with the high end of our expectations. On a constant currency basis, the quarter was very strong, sales were up 8%, operating income up almost 12%, and EPS was up 23%.  This excludes the currency translation impact of 14%, 17%, and 25% at sales, operating income, and EPS respectively. Additionally it excludes the UK transaction cross rate impact of 6% at operating income and 8% at EPS. On a reported basis sales OI and EPS were all down.  Now diving deeper into the year over year sales change, organic sales for Q4 were up more then 5% reflecting net pricing of 7.5% and a volume decline of about 2%. Excluding food service organic sales would have been up more 6%. Acquisitions contributed three points to the top line while currency translation reduced sales by 14 points.  As a final note on the quarter we completed our new bank credit agreement, two-thirds of which is for three years and the remainder of which is for 364 days. After receiving commitments for more then $2 billion we ultimately accepted $1.8 billion. Importantly we brought a number of new financial institutions into the credit agreement which provides a strong backup to our commercial paper program.  And with FY09 completed Id like to provide some context as to what the company has achieved over the past three years, in a nutshell its been a great run. Organic sales grew at an average annual rate of slightly better then 5% and we posted a new all time record for reported sales in FY09. EPS has grown 38% over three years. That represents a cumulative average growth rate of better then 11%.  We generated $3.5 billion in operating free cash flow over the last four years which averaged almost 110% of net income. After-tax ROIC improved by 360 basis points to 18.4%. By all measures the company has performed extremely well and were looking forward to the next three years.  Now with that said, Id like to turn it over to Scott to discuss our plans in Europe. 
Scott OHara : Thanks Art, and its a pleasure to be here with all of you today. Although I must say its a tough act to follow. I was with the Queen of England last week at our Kitts Green facility in England, 50 years to the day after the Queen Mother opened that site for us and I have to say it was a real honor for me and the Heinz company to have her visit the site.  Today Ill discuss how Heinz is performing in Europe and the actions we are taking to enhance our future growth and success in this key market. In fiscal 2010 we are focusing our resources and talent on winning in a difficult environment in Europe where the global financial crisis and recession have effected consumer confidence, spending and behavior.  There are currency related issues that run through the European P&L and Art has taken you through them just a few minutes ago. I will focus my presentation today on the organic health of our business which continues to be strong.  Id like you to leave the presentation today with a better understanding of the underlying performance in Europe, the strength of our brand portfolio, brand equity, and our plans to continue to invest behind these brands despite the difficult current economic environment. We will also focus on driving cost out of the business resulting in a strategy to manage our business as one integrated European operation while maintaining the competitive advantage of strong autonomous business unit.  First let me give you a snapshot of the business, Heinz generated roughly 34% of the global sales in fiscal 2009 or $3.4 billion. And as you can see the UK and Ireland generated almost half of our sales in the past year followed by the Benelux in Italy where our Plasmon brand is the number one brand in infant/nutrition. In fact these three businesses represent about 75% of our European sales.  In addition if we split out our emerging markets in Europe they now account for about 11% of our sales in Europe. I say this because Russia and Poland are two of the companys key emerging markets and Heinz is well positioned for accelerating growth in Russia as its economy strengthens due to our leadership in ketchup, condiments, and sauces, and our partnership with McDonalds.  Ill discuss Russia in more detail in a few minutes. Looking at sales by category about 95% of our sales in fiscal 2009 came from the three core categories and this is in line with the company average. This is noteworthy because it illustrates the success of our initiative in fiscal 2006 to transform, streamline, and simplify our portfolio and our business structure in Europe to create a more focused growth platform.  Let by our strong Heinz brand our top six brands generated 72% of our sales in fiscal 2009. And importantly our number one brands represents 78% of our retail sales and span many markets and categories such as Heinz ketchup in the UK and many European nations, Heinz beans and Heinz soup in the UK, Plasmon infant/nutrition products in Italy, Pudliszki the leading producer of ketchup in Poland, and Honig the leading brand in The Netherlands, also Orlando in Spain.  Now that Ive given you a brief overview of our business and brands, lets take a look at our fiscal 2009 results. Ive provided the same bridge as you saw from Art earlier and will focus my comments on a constant currency basis. Net sales rose 8.5% driven primarily by price. Operating income increased 6.9% and gross margin was lower due to the impact of transaction currency and our UK frozen business.  The UK transaction cross rate represented 110 basis points of the lower gross margin performance. Unfavorable currency reduced our reported results however our underlying results in Europe for fiscal 2009 were solid in a difficult economic environment.  Heinz streamlined its business in Europe in fiscal 2006 to enhance our performance and Im pleased to tell you that the plan has delivered. Over the last couple of years compound annual growth in sales has grown by 7.4% on a constant currency basis and during the same period, compound annual growth in operating income has grown by 5.8% on a constant currency basis.  Underpinning this performance has been a disciplined approach to taking out cost and as you can see weve made great progress on C&A and G&A. Heinz has achieved sustained organic sales growth over the last three years. The volume price mix has changed especially in fiscal 2009 as inflation exceeded 11% but the end result in every year has been higher organic sales.  By the way, I was encouraged by our improving volume trend in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2009 and in fact if you strip out the UK frozen business, volume was about flat. We expect volume trends to stabilize in fiscal 2010.  Last year I shared the strength of our ketchup business across Europe and as the Europeans say, weve gone from strength to strength. Heinz is number one in eight European markets and the growth has been impressive with sales growing between 65 and 19% versus last year. And our success in Europe is built on a solid foundation of strong brand equity, effective marketing, and enduring consumer loyalty to Heinz. William mentioned earlier that in the UK a December, 2008 poll examining the impact of the recession and in this survey consumers ranked Heinz ketchup and Heinz baked beans as the first and second products that they would not give up in a recession. Heinz cream of tomato soup ranked seventh. No other company had more then one brand in the top 10. And speaking of the UK, in addition to ketchup Heinz is a market share leader in other categories which remain a stronghold for our company and the Heinz brand.  Heinz is number one in soup and beans, where sales grew 12% and 8/% respectively versus last year. Elsewhere in Europe in addition to the Heinz brand we have many strong local brands, what we call local jewels that are number one starting with Plasmon, our iconic infant/nutrition brand in Italy where sales grew 5% to Honig in The Netherlands where sales grew 8%. Over to Spain where the Orlando brand leads and continues its impressive growth with sales up 10%.  And finally over to Poland where the Pudliszki brand continues to resonate with consumers and sales grew 19%. Now that Ive reviewed our business and its performance, I want to focus for a few minutes on the current landscape and economic environment Heinz faces in Europe. Youve heard William talk about the five Cs and how we think about them. Today Ill focus on three of the Cs; the consumer, commodities, and currencies. As in other regions of the world Europe has been effected adversely by the global recession. The economy has contracted in countries across the European Union and GDP growth has faltered.  Rising unemployment is another consequence of the recession in Europe and it is a trend that is showing no signs of abating at this time. With high unemployment and the economic downturn consumer spending has tightened considerably and theres no question that consumers are becoming more value focused, that they try to stretch their Euro and pound for purchases including groceries. The consumers pursuit of value is effecting retailers and triggering increased channel shifting. We are seeing share gains by discounters such as Aldi and Lidl, and other price focused retailers like Asda and Morrisons in the UK for instance. Fortunately our top brands in Europe have continued to perform well which we believe will continue in fiscal 2010.  To be sure private label is gaining momentum especially in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2009 and theres no question that many budget conscious consumers are attracted in the current economic climate to private label. The chart on the left hand side of the slide shows that during the 52-week period ending in March 2009, the green bars, Heinz is growing faster then private label; 8% versus 7%.  However during the last two weeks ending March 2009, the blue bars, private label was growing faster then Heinz at 14% versus 12%. Despite this you can see that on the right hand side of this slide the strength of our brand equity has kept Heinz share strong. And Heinz has proven it knows how to compete and win in this type of environment with one main branded product and private label.  While we are seeing some movement to private label we are also seeing a dramatic shift within private label. You can see this shift is from premium private label to budget private label. We believe the category is becoming quickly bifurcated where strong number one brands and private label will perform well and number two and three brands continue to be marginalized.  Our goal in this difficult economic environment is to continue to drive consumers to our top brands and we believe Heinz has a long-term competitive advantage over private label because our brands deliver better quality, taste, nutrition, innovation, food safety, and ultimately value.  The broad based economic downturn has also weakened key currencies such as the Euro and British pound and let to the unfavorable impact from currencies. And in addition to these currency headwinds commodity prices remain at high levels for tomatoes, tin plate, potatoes, and other key commodities after rising sharply in the past year. Tomato prices in particular in Europe rose after the phase out of government tomato subsidies which began in 2008. Our UK business purchase of commodities and finished goods in currencies other then the British pound is approximately a third of their total purchases. Commodities like beans from the US and tomatoes, tin plate and resin from the European Unions and finished goods like ketchup, condiments, and sauces, and baby food from the European Unions.  Now Id like to review some of the actions Heinz is taking to bolster our business during this difficult environment. Let me start with the strength of our European leadership team, the bulk of the team has been together for the last three years and continues to grow, develop, and deliver. Each is a local in their respective markets. And Im a big believer in having local business leaders because they have a deep understanding of the market, the customers and the consumers within it.  And this is a great foundation to build on and is more important then ever given the difficult environment in Europe. To continue winning we are focusing on the following themes in fiscal 2010; investing behind our leading brands, partnering with customers, leveraging our scale, expanding our emerging markets, accelerating productivity, and driving cash.  Let me take you through those in a little more detail, our first theme is investing behind leading brands. We will continue to invest behind the strength of our brands and brand equity in Europe. And we are planning for marketing to be up high single-digits in dollars on a constant dollar basis. In addition we are taking advantage of declining advertising rates with cost per GRP down between 10% and 15% across the European market.  And we are committed to this based on the strong results we delivered this year. Let me share a couple of examples of the successful programs that we will leverage in fiscal 2010. In the UK Beanz [inaudible] and we sell over 1.5 million cans of beans per day. With our integrated marketing strategy and creative TV commercials the brand really responded. Heinz achieved a 57% volume share post this TV campaign, our highest share since 2007. And the number two brand declined from 20% to 8%. We will continue to invest behind Beanz in fiscal 2010. In Italy behind the Plasmon brands, consumers really responded to the change we made to our fruit products. Consumers significantly preferred our fruit product in blind taste tests versus our key competitor. And in addition consumers loved the value of our 30% bonus pack and the result here was the highest volume share since 2007. Again we will leverage the insights from this program as we build our 2010 program in Italy.  Our second theme is partnering with customers, knowing that customers are becoming more selective and value oriented when they shop for groceries, Heinz is increasing point of sale promotion to reinforce our brands and influence their purchase decisions. One of the keys to our future growth and success will be to also leverage the trend of channel shifting. As Ive said before we want to be where the consumer shops.  Heinz is increasing our range of products with major discounters in Europe in response to this change in consumer spending and behavior. In addition to retail we are partnering with our food service customers to leverage the strong brand equities of many Heinz brands by increasing visibility in the front of house to help drive traffic. And in spite of the challenging economic environment our UK food service business continues to perform well.  Now this has been driven largely by new business wins in fiscal 2009 with Subway, Burger King, and Spirit among a number of others, resulting in sales in the UK growing 7% on a constant currency basis. Our third theme is leveraging our European scale.  One way we are leveraging our scale is through marketing. Our grown not made packaging and marketing plan has helped drive the impressive growth in our ketchup business across Europe and we have executed the marketing plan across Europe with the common European TV commercial. [video]. For those of you who may not have known, that was an execution from The Netherlands.  Another means of leveraging scale is through packaging. As consumers see greater convenience and value Heinz is responding by creating innovative new packaging and improving packaging such as PET bottles for salad dressings in Europe and Doy packs for ketchup, mayonnaise, and dressings in Russia. We have also leveraged PET packaging from our TK with a twist product to our salad cream product in the UK and our glass tomato sauce bottle to a range of Heinz soups in The Netherlands.  We are also looking to transfer innovation from one package type to another. Here you can see an example of our smart cap from our cordial business in The Netherlands to our infant/nutrition business in Italy. Our proven packaging prowess stands out as consumers seek products that are fresh, safe, and easy to use.  Our fourth theme is expanding into emerging markets and as I mentioned earlier Russia and Poland are two of the key emerging markets for Heinz. With strong businesses and leading brands in these markets Heinz is well positioned to accelerate growth. These markets continue to perform well and are growing in importance.  On the left hand side of this slide you can see that emerging markets percent of total European sales increased 230 basis points versus fiscal 2007, and on the right hand side of the slide you can see that the growth rate has been impressive with an 18.7% increase on a compound annual basis. In Russia our marketing strategy is driving the growth of Heinz ketchup and by the way if you look closely youll notice that the Heinz ketchup bottles in the roadside display and in the print advertising feature our new labels with the red ripe Heinz tomato on a vine, leveraging the grown not made concept we developed in Europe. Our marketing plan in fiscal 2010 airing new TV commercials in Russia that adapt a very successful and engaging spot that stars a duck who dips a young boys french fries into Heinz ketchup. And you may have seen a version of this commercial used in Canada, which is another example of how we are leveraging our international marketing. [video] To further drive growth in emerging markets we are focused on increasing our distribution beyond the major metro areas. In Russia for instance Heinz is focused on improving and expanding product distribution after achieving success in key cities of Moscow and St. Petersburg. In fiscal 2010 our goal is to cover all big cities and move further into the smaller cities through our expanded sales forces.  Its a simple equation really, if we can reach more potential consumers in Russia and other emerging markets, faster and more efficiently, we believe we can achieve greater growth in sales and volumes. Our fifth theme is to accelerate in productivity, we continue to focus on driving cost out of our business in Europe. In addition to our base productivity improvements we are leveraging Heinz global programs to accelerate our productivity efforts.  In fiscal 2008 Heinz launched a global supply chain taskforce to identify opportunities to leverage our supply chain scale and in fiscal 2009 we launched two initiatives in Europe as part of this global supply chain taskforce. Tailwind a comprehensive program focused on driving efficiency and indirect procurement and HGPS, or Heinz global performance system, a program aimed at driving efficiency in our manufacturing site.  In fiscal 2010 we will layer on top of this keystone. This is a program focused on driving common processes across the Heinz world supported by a common system platform, SAP. And we are working with the global team but leading the rollout of this program across Europe. An example of our productivity strategy is our sauces center of excellence manufacturing strategy across Europe the red sauce center of excellence in The Netherlands is being supplemented with a plastic center of excellence satellite in Russia and a glass center of excellence satellite in Poland.  These are new lines in existing facilities to support the local market. This strategy has the added benefit of limiting our currency exposure in these markets. We also have a white sauce center of excellence in France and a tetra pack center of excellence in Spain. To further drive productivity and simplify our business we expect to cut an additional 15% of our lower margin SKUs bringing our total SKU reduction program to almost 30% since fiscal 2008. And our last theme is driving for cash, to increase cash flow in fiscal 2010 we have initiatives in place which we believe will deliver on a percentage basis a reduction in days of inventory by high single-digits, a reduction to our cash conversion cycle by low double-digits resulting in a low double-digit increase in cash flow.  We expect another year of organic growth in fiscal 2010 and given the currency and commodity headwinds I mentioned we expect to hold onto our fiscal 2009 pricing and institute new pricing as appropriate in select markets. As always we will seek to achieve the right consumer value equation and balance the extent of our pricing actions and the impact on volumes.  Based on these plans on a constant currency basis we expect to deliver in fiscal 2010 an increase in net sales, an improvement in gross profit margin, an increase in operating income, and an increase in our operating cash flow. However Q1 in particular will be a challenge for us in Europe. Were lapping our strongest quarter from last year, we have the transaction cross rate issues that Art mentioned, and we also have manufacturing variances related to lower production volumes at the end of last year.  That said, we expect fiscal 2010 to be another good year. In summary, the underlying business in Europe is performing well and our brand equity remains strong. We continue to focus on the growth of our leading brands in our core categories in both the developed and emerging markets of Europe and Heinz is well positioned to achieve accelerating growth.  As the economic downturn continues we are taking action to reduce costs, improve our productivity, and minimize the impact of currency issues so that Heinz Europe can emerge from this recession as an even stronger, integrated, and more competitive business.  Thank you for the opportunity to share my insights on Heinz Europe and our businesses and brands. I look forward to your questions. We now have a short break. After the break David Moran will take you through our North American business and Margaret will come up to give the logistics. 
David Moran : Welcome back everyone, Im excited to share the results for North America and talk a little bit about how were going to keep winning into the future. For perspective and background is under $5 billion in sales and about half the company. For my portion I would wish that you have two takeaways from my presentation, that NACP will continue to deliver very strong performance for the corporate and that we will have another record year on virtually all financial measures.  Were off to a very fast start and we expect Q1 to be very strong. Second, the capabilities weve added and the changes that weve made in our US food service business are paying off and we expect profits to grow in fiscal year 2010. Were making good progress in this unit. Let me start with consumer products, this is a large and very focused portfolio. Five brands make up 70% of the business and weve been growing along at about a 10% clip. Over the last seven years weve had a consistent approach in how we run the business. First we upgraded most of the top 100 leaders, weve refocused them on innovation, customer partnerships, and importantly, research.  Today we are a smarter, more capable organization. Second weve been consistent in how we run the business, the beliefs that we run the business with. We believe in organic growth, selling products off the shelf at full price without a discount, every line of the P&L must improve every year, and importantly we innovate to enroll consumers and customers in our brands and businesses and also to throw off our competition.  Finally we have an integrated structure where people are empowered to lead and to make decisions. Bluntly I think weve nailed this component of the business. This is the number one reason for our success as its enabled us to retain, recruit the very best in the industry. Since fiscal year 2003 we have grown sales by more then $1 billion and profits by $272 million, yet as I look back I see two very distinct periods in terms of consumers health and our input costs. In the first period consumers were strong, their wealth was growing and they were willing to trade up the power curve and pay more for a better experience which we offered. Then things changed over the last two years and input costs really took and the consumers financial situation turned much worse. Regardless and I know youve heard this from William, our brands and people have been able to adapt and change to this new environment and to continue to win.  I think its a credit to our structure, our culture, and our leadership model here at Heinz. One of the biggest win has been our seven-year strategic emphasis on full priced sales. We value consumers and customers that are willing to pay full price for our product and not cherry pick us on deals. As you can see weve taken our full price consumption from 77% to 87%.  We believe there is no better validation of a brands health, its management team, or the ability to execute in the marketplace then this percentage. For perspective we believe we believe this 87% is higher then any of our competitors. But as you think about the future we do have new threats, the biggest of course is private label. How big of a threat is it? Well as you heard from William and Scott and Art, we believe its real.  And as you can see private label was flat for a number of years but when the consumers confidence nose-dived about a year ago private label really exploded. Rather then recap the private label story which I know you know so well and have heard from others, I would rather focus my time on how were going to deal with this new reality.  Let me share with you our beliefs as these beliefs are guiding our business choices, first private label is a real threat. Second is is that second and third tier brands are in real trouble. Third we believe that consumer frugality will stay even when the economy turns and finally, leading brands can win and win big in this environment but they must do what brands do.  They must innovate, talk to the consumer, and also add value to retailers which private label cannot do. Consumers are eating more meals at home and our portfolio is incredibly well positioned. As you can see seven of our eight top categories are experiencing sales growth. Now for fiscal year 2010 were going to have five drivers; new, better tasting, and healthier products. Thats the backbone of our plan.  Were going to push the packaging envelope with new people, new thinking and capabilities. Were going to increase our working media by 70% in fiscal year 2010 versus FY09 actual spend. And as youre going to see were going to continue to make great progress on our productivity, the backbone of our business.  Consumers are eating more meals at home and our comfort foods portfolio is a perfect match for them. Were introducing a new red skin potato to our steam and mash line. Additionally Classico and Heinz gravy have improved taste profiles and something thats very important to me, over the last seven years roughly 80% of all of our products have had an improved taste formula in terms of how we make the products. For consumers that want the ease and taste of a restaurant experience at home our portfolio plays well here also. Were launching grab and go anytime quesadillas and two new skillet meals SKUs from our Fridays brand. Were also expanding our Nancys product line and refreshing the packaging. Smart Ones continues to expand its offerings with four new product lines. We continue to drive the Smart Ones 24/7 strategy with new day part eating occasions and our great R&D team has developed new flatbreads and pizzas that deliver a softer bread with a crispier crust out of the microwave using a proprietary technology.  These products were preferred 70/30 in blind taste tests. In Canada where Smart Ones is already a strong number two, only after just being introduced, were launching the brands first line of canned soups with zero points for the consumer. Now health and wellness has been a priority for our company since H.J. founded the company. Were working to simplify our ingredients which can be seen with Classico line of pasta sauces.  In addition to adding the things that consumers want like fiber and pre-biotics, were focusing on removing ingredients consumers dont want such as sodium. Consumers not only evaluate our brands on taste they also want ease of use. Thats why we work so hard to improve the ease of opening and dispensing mechanisms on so many of our products.  Were also embracing our consumers and customers desire for less waste and more efficient packaging. Our shareholders also benefit from this choice. In fiscal year 2010 we expect to reduce 15 million pounds of landfill waste. To communicate with customers that we are spending more behind our brands then ever as I shared, were going to increase the working media by about 70%.  Our biggest TV spend will be on Heinz ketchup and Ill share more about that in just a minute, but lets take a look at the three North American commercials that are currently on air. [video] Just as a side note in the two weeks that that Ore-Ida add has been back on air, our consumption has jumped 28%. I think were going to keep it on for a while.  Also weve been developing great capabilities in print which has proven to be very effective for us. Two of my favorites are up here. The Classico ad shows consumers the natural quality ingredients of Classico. And the vinegar ad teaches consumers that some cheaper vinegars come from petroleum while Heinz vinegar is from all natural ingredients like corn and apples.  We started this vinegar campaign in mid April and the business has popped 11% as we started running those ads. Were also linking all of our ads with an internet strategy. This enables the consumer to dig deeper into our story. For example, Heinz vinegar site gives more detail about the all-natural Heinz vinegar option. Now Id like to share with you our FY10 plans for two of our larger brands; Heinz ketchup and Smart Ones, let me start with ketchup. Both the US and Canada have exciting plans for ketchup this year. Heinz ketchup will likely have an all time record dollar sales, dollar profit, and dollar media spent in both countries. In the US were leveraging our unique Heinz seeds advantage. In Canada were celebrating the brands 100-year anniversary.  Heinz has competitive advantage in our seed technology and this seed technology puts us out in front of our competition. Since the 30s weve been the industry leader and produce almost 50% of all the tomato seeds grown in North America. We have virtually 100% traceability from the seed to the farm and to the finished product. This is something the consumer is valuing more and more.  Were marketing our Heinz seeds competitive advantage with our grown not made integrated campaign across both CP and food service. It reminds mom that Heinz ketchup not only tastes great but is a wholesome mealtime enabler that she should feel good about serving her family.  In Canada weve kicked off the celebration to mark the 100-year anniversary. Our program includes in-store, restaurant merchandising, television advertising, and special recipes. The second brand I want to highlight is Smart Ones. Over the last 10 years this great brand has grown by almost $500 million in retail sales with the compound annual growth rate on volume of 8%. Our penetration is up 25%, our buy rate has more then doubled, the numbers of SKUs on shelf has more then doubled, and our awareness is up four-fold.  However the frozen nutritional meal category is consistently mirrored consumers confidence and this recession has been particularly painful as this graph shows. Even in these challenging times we believe that focusing on full price sales is the best response. As consumers with stretched budgets have left the category, all brands have suffered.  Heaving discounting by a leading competitor during this time period has failed to bring these consumers back to the category. Instead this activity has traded down remaining loyal consumers down to a lower price point and resulted in erosion of category dollars. As you can see at the bottom of the slide dollar sales are down twice as much as penetration. This is due to overly deep discounting.  So in fiscal year 2010 were going to stay committed to our core strategies of 24/7, full price sales, innovation, and winning on the taste of our products. Were launching 11 new SKUs, our marketing investment is likely to be up 30% and Id like to address something that I know is on your mind. Finally, we dont think its in our brands best interest to add promotional spending. We certainly could, we certainly could wrench share for the short-term, but our strategy that has served us so well for so long, seven years, and this brand has just never been stronger.  But were going to monitor this situation very closely and we could change our minds and change our plans if we feel its in our best interest. At this time we believe our plan is correct and frankly we are glad we sidestepped this promotional war. I dont think that the brand would be in any better for it and Im sure we could have sold a few more cases but wed have less money in our pockets if we had.  In summary the North American consumer products business had another record year in fiscal year 2009, eight of our 10 largest brands achieved all time records. In fiscal year 2010 were predicting new records will be set on virtually all financial metrics. We expect sales growth of low single-digits and OI growth in the high single-digits.  New profit records will be set and achieved likely in nine of 10 brands. So we feel great about the brands, the people, and all of the things that were doing back in Pittsburg to run this business. Now let me turn my attention to the US food service business, six brands make up 60% of the income of this important unit and its no secret that our food service business has had several disappointing years.  But the food service business remains core to Heinz and in North America and were excited about the next phase of running this business. The industry is experiencing one of the most difficult times in history. Traffic is down significantly, sales are off 5%, really the lowest its been since the last 1970s.  But in addition to the industry contraction weve had three issues of our own that we needed to address. We had too much complexity, we had minimal innovation on our core brands, and too much proprietary emphasis and we were locked in six price contracts which were difficult for us when inflation hit. So in fiscal year 2010 were going to focus on simplifying the business through a complete reinvention.  Our ketchup, condiments, and soup portfolio will get significantly more attention and were going to have a stronger, flatter, more capable sales organization. The build up in complexity was a burden that really had to be addressed. Over the last years weve really gotten after it and we plan to even make more progress in fiscal year 2010 by reducing the number of SKUs by 40%, simplifying cash application and taking three days out of receivables, cutting distribution centers, and the other things listed on this slide.  The ketchup, condiments, and soup business is the majority of our brands. In fiscal year 2010 we will work to redefine how we sell these products focusing on branded innovation instead of custom products. We now have 80% of our food service R&D resources focused on branded products and thats up from 30% two years ago.  Were also going to sell our customers differently, really on the value of our products bringing to their operation. Instead of viewing as an expense were going to leverage data to prove that our tabletop condiments drives post food orders. Over the next two years we plan to upgrade every food service ketchup package. This will improve the experience for the consumer.  Well focus on driving our tabletop business and expanding the front of the house presence with new branded bulk dispensers. Were also applying the health and wellness approach to food service by reducing the amount of sodium by 25% on many soups. Were also driving the Heinz ketchup message very hard to restaurant operators. We know that consumers have a more favorable impression of a restaurant if Heinz ketchup is on the table and were using dedicated print advertising to reinforce this message in key food service magazines.  Last year I said we would segregate our customers more then ever and invest resources and ideas disproportionately and more strategically. That strategy is paying dividends as were winning new business and strategic partners at exciting rates. Were also partnering with customers marketing leaders for more integrated campaigns such as this Burger King ad and program. Were making the necessary and appropriate changes and have made strong progress while doing business in somewhat of a difficult environment, but Id like to walk you through the food service algorithm in terms of our volume and our business trends for fiscal year 2010. We do expect traffic to be down again another 5%. We also expect unit contraction of about 1%. Weve elected to exit unprofitable volume. In addition were cutting 18% of the SKUs. We are adding substantial new business and putting in a lot of new business initiatives. Were going to have better pricing to fully cover all inflation. This will yield likely a minor sales decline of a couple of points but we expect gross margin expansion of about 200 basis points and importantly we should achieve profit growth this fiscal year.  So thats the commercial side of North America, but I would like to talk a bit about how we work and importantly the productivity measures were driving. As I mentioned earlier, our culture has been a key enabler for us. We built a model that values ideas, execution, teamwork, and personal accountability. We focused on building powerful capabilities and supply chain sales, R&D, HR, and finance and they all contribute to our culture. Driving productivity is at the very backbone of our success. Over the last seven years weve reduced unprofitable SKUs, closed factories, entire distribution networks, distribution centers, and suppliers and yet at the same time weve grown sales by $1.2 billion and improved service to our customers.  Our sales function is a strategic weapon in the marketplace and the success here shows up in the numbers both bottom and top line that weve been talking but it also shows up in the leadership work that weve done around D&A reduction and the overall efficiency of this great function. The company decided years ago that were going to win with our brands. Weve doubled our investment in R&D and the payback is also seen in the top and bottom line numbers that weve been sharing. This slide sums it up well, were about $1.2 billion larger in sales and yet we have about the same number of employees. Weve reduced our working capital needs to become more efficient and our ROIC progress pulls it all together. As Ive said before North American consumer products anticipates we will have another record year in fiscal year 2010 with most of our brands achieving all time record sales and profit records.  Our progress in US food service is paying off and we expect to return to profitability and growth this coming year and I thank you, and Ill turn it over to Art now for a deeper dive. 
Art Winkleblack : Thanks David and good morning again. Okay its time to get out your currency calculators, [inaudible]. Let me see if I can take you through this. In this segment of the review Ill take you through the key elements of our plan for fiscal 2010 and well try to be very clear about the primary building blocks. Well cover four main topics; currency dynamics, P&L drivers, the balance sheet, and finally put our plan into the context of the two year high performance plan that we launched at this time last year.  The key messages to take away from our plan today are that we are driving for solid top and bottom line growth on a constant currency basis. We expect currency to be a sizable headwind for the year, both from a translation and transaction standpoint. We are very focused on productivity and generating cash in light of our tougher economic environment. Were continuing to invest in the business and finally, were growing our dividend while driving the strength of the balance sheet.  Lets start with our review of currency, before looking forward I want to take a step back and establish the foundation upon which the FY10 P&L will be built. Going back to fiscal 2008 which was the baseline for our high performance plan, its important to understand the foreign versus domestic mix of our business. Overall foreign operations accounted for 61% of our total sales, 64% of operating income, 78% of pretax income, and 82% of net income and EPS.  The growing foreign mix of profit below OI reflects the fact that the bulk of our debt resides in the US and therefore the related interest expense. Obviously the cost of our world headquarters in Pittsburg are based in the United States and lastly the corporate income tax rate in the US is significantly higher then that of most foreign jurisdictions.  As a result net income denominated in foreign currencies is extremely important to our corporate EPS. To expand on this last point, from our 10-K for FY08 you know that 78% of our NPBT and 82% of our net income came from outside the US. The difference is obviously income tax. The average foreign rate is about 27% while the effective rate in the US is 42%. That latter reflects the 35% statutory rate plus state income taxes and the tax associated with repatriating foreign earnings.  Net, net the US already has the second highest corporate income tax rate in the industrialized world behind only Japan. With this FY08 baseline in mind you know that foreign currencies drop precipitously versus the US dollar in the past nine months. The movement has been unprecedented in terms of both speed and magnitude and here you can see the movement in four of our key currencies from the first day to the last day of fiscal 2009 which was on April 29. The best performance of the four was the Euro which only dropped 14%, while the pound, New Zealand and Australian dollars dropped about a quarter of their value. As discussed we hedged these currencies early in the year enough [inaudible] most of the EPS impact in FY09. Since we operate on six continents, we have exposure to other currencies as well.  The Polish Zloty lost one third of its value while the Canadian dollar, Indian Rupee and Indonesian Rupiah dropped between 15% and 20%. These reductions did have an impact on FY09 EPS as we did not hedge any of these currencies for translation purposes.  As a result of the strengthening dollar versus almost all other currencies foreign net income dropped to 60% of total earnings in FY09 or 64% after you exclude the impact of the hedge gains that were executed in the United States. Translating these changes in market currency rates to our P&L, weve laid out the average rates effecting Heinz results for FY08 and FY09 as well as recent average rates which were utilize for our FY10 outlook today.  Lets take the UK pound as an example, while the translation rate for the pound dropped from an average of $2.01 in FY08 to $1.66 in FY09 our hedges protected the effective P&L rate for FY09 at $1.99. More recently the average rate for the pound has been at about $1.55. So as we look at FY10 if the pound were to maintain the recent average rate, we would be translating UK profit back to the US at a rate almost 25% less then that in FY08. I wont go through the rest of these currencies here, but you can see that all of the major currencies declined versus the US dollar during the fiscal year but much of the impact was offset through hedging. In order to put the current dollar translation rate for the pound in context, weve gone all the way back to the [Bretton Woods] agreement to examine the long-term averages. As you can see the averages vary between $1.65 and $1.80 and generally around $1.70. Interestingly the pound averaged well over $2.00 for much of the decade of the 1970s and hit its high water mark versus the dollar at about $2.60 back in 1972. In the last three months the pound has been as low as $1.38 and has been rebounding with a recent spot rate of about $1.60. Now so far weve been talking about translation rates, the other key currency impact to understand particularly with regard to the pound relates to transaction rates. As Scott mentioned we buy a significant portion of our UK ingredients and packaging from the US and the from the European continent. The weakening pound versus the dollar has significantly increased the cost of ingredients from the US such as Michigan beans.  The same phenomenon but to an even greater degree has occurred on the pound Euro cross rate which is driving up UK product costs on sauces and infant/nutrition. To put this in perspective for the eight plus years following the inception of the Euro, the Euro and pound traded in a very tight band between 0.6 and 0.7 pounds per Euro. About 18 months ago the currencies decoupled and the rates shot up, very close to [parity].  Recently weve seen the rate moderate but its still at around 0.87. With regard to our P&L we began FY09 with a cross rate about on par with prior year due to the carryover impact of pound Euro hedging we did in FY08 but we incurred much higher costs in the latter half of the year and we expect to incur further cross rate headwinds in FY10. With that as a primer, lets now take a look at the plan starting with the P&L.  As William mentioned on a constant currency basis we expect to deliver sales growth of 4% to 6%, OI growth of 6% to 8%, EPS in a range of 5% to 8% with a wider range largely reflecting higher net interest costs. On the right side of the chart we have provided the potential currency impact on these growth rates related to both translation and UK transactions.  This assumes that the recent average rates on our currencies remain relatively constant through the year. These currency impacts grow as you go down the P&L from about 4% of sales to 8% at operating income to around 15% at EPS. Netting all this together would yield an EPS between $2.60 and $2.70 for FY10. But again I would point out the currency rates are very likely to keep moving.  To help provide even better visibility into our outlook here weve shown how currency could effect the FY10 P&L. Assuming the recent average rates hold for the rest of the fiscal year we estimate that FX could impact results by $0.46 at EPS. This includes $0.35 from translation and $0.11 from UK transactions.  Hopefully these building blocks will help you better understand our expectations and our results as we go through the year. Okay, now lets talk about the business. In terms of sales we expect to generate 3% to 4% organic growth and 4% to 6% growth in constant currency. We expect flat to 1% growth in volume as increases related to value based innovation, stronger marketing and growth in emerging markets are largely offset by reduced volume in US food service. Net pricing is expected to grow 2% to 3% largely reflecting the carryover impact of price increases taken throughout FY09. Recent acquisitions should contribute about two points of growth while currency is likely to reduce sales by 4%. Putting it all together, this is expected to result in a new all time record for reported sales, up 1% to 2% from FY09.  And as William mentioned emerging markets are a key driver for us. Over the last couple of years emerging markets generated a third of our total organic sales growth and are targeted to account for more then 40% of this growth next year. Another revenue driver is higher marketing and R&D spending. Looking at past recessions it is those companies that continue to invest in their products and brands that emerge from a downturn even stronger.  With this in mind our plans call for strong constant currency increases in R&D and in marketing. In R&D were also shifting the spending mix to more value based innovation and value engineering. And with regard to marketing we should be able to get good bang for the buck as we expect the cost for GRP to be down in developed markets.  In this environment of tight consumer spending and difficult pricing, productivity is ever more important then ever. Thus we are accelerating the efforts of our taskforces and augmenting them with other belt tightening across the business. Overall were targeting productivity of 2.5% of sales. About three quarters of our productivity will come through gross margin where the combination of pricing and productivity are expected to offset the impact of commodity inflation.  So we expect gross margin to be flat year on year as approximately two points of pricing and two points of productivity offset about four points of inflation. Note that this inflation includes an impact of 50 basis points from UK transaction costs. To achieve our productivity target, were continuing to drive our two main global initiatives. These are the global supply chain taskforce that has mapped our supply chain strategy, and is prioritizing our efforts.  And project keystone which is designing the global processes and systems for how the company will operate. Under these initiatives we have eight major areas of focus that are being worked around the globe. Again the target delivery for these efforts is about 2% of sales in FY10 and growing from there. Turning to commodities you can see that inflation has ramped up over the last four years, from 3% in FY06 to 11% in FY09. For FY10 the inflation rate is expected to slow down to 7% or 8%. This reflects lower inflation in local markets partially offset by a growing impact of the transaction cross rates that weve been discussing.  Breaking down the pieces, local market inflation is running at about 4.5%, almost two thirds of which relates to just three commodities; tomatoes, potatoes, and tin plate for cans. The transaction cost impact of currency cross rate movements is adding 2.5 percentage points, more then half of which is borne by the UK. So when we talk about the impact of transaction cross rates, this is where it hits our P&L.  Finally high inflation in parts of Latin America could add up to another point of inflation. Through more global procurement, SKU and spec rationalization and other productivity initiatives, we expect to claw back about two points of this market inflation. Turning to SG&A weve made significant progress over the years. Importantly for FY10 were targeting about 60 basis points of gross productivity but even after the impact of increased pension costs and other inflation, we expect to reduce SG&A ex marketing by 30 to 50 basis points as a percentage of sales.  This reflects tight control on all discretionary spending which among many other things, includes no merit increases and reduce annual incentive opportunity for the year, acceleration of efforts on the global procurement of indirect items, leverage of lower fuel cost and strict limits on non customer related travel.  In this tougher environment we believe it prudent to hold fixed costs to a minimum, thus our plans call for flat fixed costs in developed markets excluding the impact of any acquisitions. Now lets talk pension for a minute, over the last couple of years, the combination of pension and post retirement and medical costs has been about $29 million per year. Given the poor returns across global equity markets last year, our pension costs like many other companies would have increased very significantly in FY10. We expect to limit the increase to about $11 million on a pretax basis or about $0.02 at EPS. Were doing this through incremental pension funding in FY09 and more planned funding in FY10. Last year we raised the contribution to $134 million and expect to infuse about another $250 million in FY10. importantly this is fully covered in our operating free cash flow projections as we anticipate offsetting the incremental pension infusions through securitization of accounts receivable.  Now a quick update on project keystone, as you may remember in FY09 more then 80 people came together in Pittsburg to design our global process blueprint. This was successfully completed on time and on budget. We are now translating this process blueprint into SAP and will be implementing it in Northern Europe at the end of FY10. Additionally because we feel there is significant opportunity to accelerate savings we are moving up the implementation of the SAP indirect procurement module in many of our largest markets.  In this environment were tightly controlling spending on this project but we believe it is essential to continue investing in the business and keep moving down the path toward greater global productivity and leverage. To round out the discussion on the P&L lets take a quick look at interest and taxes, we expect that net interest costs will reduce our EPS growth rates by one to three percentage points in FY10.  This reflects the impact of refinancings that have resulted in a higher mix of fixed rate debt, higher cost of dealer remarketable securities, the overlap of favorable mark-to-market gains on the total return swap in FY09, and higher costs associated with a new credit agreement. With regard to taxes we expect the rate to be between 28% and 29% for the year which is relatively consistent with the rate we achieved in FY09. Now lets take a look at the expectations for the balance sheet, well be keeping a very tight rein on capital spending with a target of approximately 2.5% of sales. We spent closer to 3% over the last couple of years but with slower economies we believe that reduced spending this year is appropriate. With regard to cash conversion cycle, were targeting a three day improvement in FY10 primarily driven by reduced inventory. As I mentioned earlier this morning, we finished strong on inventory reductions in the last few months of FY09 and are looking to continue that momentum.  We are also targeting an after-tax ROIC of about 17.5%. This actually represents a slight increase versus prior year after adjusting for the benefit of last years currency hedges. And with regard to cash we expect to overcome the significant year on year impact of currency movements and still deliver operating free cash flow this year of between $850 million and $900 million.  In terms of our use of cash our priorities are as follows. First our target is to protect and grow the dividend as evidenced by the increase we announced today. Second we will target lower debt levels. Third is to incrementally fund our pension plans, and finally as always, we continue to look for small, bolt-on acquisitions in our core categories and geographies.  At the end of the day we intend to be prudent stewards of the shareholders money in this difficult environment and operate in a manner consistent with maintaining our investment grade credit rating. Now just a quick reminder on the dividend, while currency rates are likely to reduce EPS in FY10 we modestly increased the dividend to an annualized rate of $1.68 per share. This represents the sixth year in a row of higher dividends, an average annual growth rate of almost 8%, and importantly a dividend yield of almost 5%. Okay, so lets summarize the financials and plans, the key numbers to remember for FY10 are the planned constant currency growth rates of 4% to 6% on sales, 6% to 8% on OI, 5% to 8% on EPS. At EPS using recent average rates currency translation would reduce our growth rate by about 12 points and UK transaction rates by another four points.  And just for the quick note on [quarterization] during the year, the first two quarters will be very difficult comparisons. We currently expect sequential strengthening of constant currency EPS quarter to quarter and sequential improvement of comparisons to the prior year. And again our target for operating free cash flow is $850 million to $900 million.  Now while the world has changed markedly from when we presented our two year high performance plan at this time last year we wanted to provide a comparative of FY09 actuals and current FY10 plan versus those projections. As you can see from the base of $2.63 we expected to grow EPS between 8% and 11% each year.  For this comparative were going to lay out the numbers both on a constant currency and reported basis. Constant currency numbers are calculated using the market rates from around the end of FY08 which were the rates with which the HPP were generated. The key is that despite the economy our constant currency results and expectations stack up very well versus our two year plan. In FY09 had the currencies not collapsed, we estimate our EPS would have been approximately $3.09, well above the range for the year.  And for FY10 the constant currency projections would be $3.21 to $3.31, again well ahead of the HPP targets. Now lets layer in the reported numbers, for FY09 even after the major drop in foreign currencies, our reported EPS was at the top end of our original range. But as we look to FY10 if currencies remain at recent average rates the outlook is well below the original target $2.60 to $2.70. The return of the pound to its historic norms would help the range significantly.  Lets take a look at the same comparative for cash, clearly the weaker foreign currencies also impact cash flow. But for simplicity were showing only reported results here. The net story is that despite currency changes the weaker economy and incremental pension funding, were tracking well ahead of cash flow targets. In FY09 we beat the HPP cash flow plan by $30 million and we expect to beat the number this year as well.  Overall were pleased with our cash generation and believe we have plenty of additional opportunities in FY11 and beyond. So with that, Ill turn the meeting back over to William Johnson. 
William Johnson : Thank you Art, well I think you cant accuse us of not being transparent. I think as you look at the company its clear we have world class iconic brands, weve generated organic growth across most of our core businesses, we have a very strong international portfolio, we have an enviable emerging market portfolio and weve generated excellent cash flow results and strong returns to shareholders.  The other thing I have to tell you is the Heinz employees have stood themselves proud during these three years. Weve overcome a lot of adversity and I think delivered pretty darn good results relative to our peer companies. And with a dividend yield near 5%, what else can I say. This is a terrific management team as youve seen today, with a lot to say about this company.  So with that Ill turn it over to Q&A. Margaret will pick the questioners. It keeps me out of trouble. So if you have a bone to pick, pick it with Margaret. For Q&A were also bringing Mike Milone up, Mike runs the rest of the world business and hes also responsible for all of our quality, safety and sustainability initiatives. Food safety is becoming a relatively big issue across the world and I thought if there were any questions on that, Mike would be the appropriate one to answer those. 
David Palmer  UBS: One thing I noticed from the Europe and then the US comments and the graphs that were shown and weve also heard this from say McDonalds in their presentation about Europe, things have gotten a little worse since March in terms of the economic environment there showing up in certain consumer trends including private label as you underlined. In the US we saw that seems to be reversing. In other words in March into April particularly private label share gain seems to have slowed. Im wondering how [for real] do we think the private label reversal is in the US in terms of there truly being a reversal of trend, and then also in Europe how long does one this, is this for real and how long and sustained could this be in terms of an issue. 
David Moran : I think your assessment is exactly right, it seemed like private label will almost exploded in the December, January, maybe February period. It shows up in the numbers across the entire grocery store. It seems to have waned a little bit since then. We can see it in the numbers. I think a lot of major manufacturers started putting some juice to the D&A line and also people started getting back on air with media and the key is going to be the same thing its been for multiple years, innovation, talking to consumers, and out-executing the guys with retailers.  The one thing that I was going to put in my speech that I didnt was how much manufacturers bring to the party with retailers that private label cannot and it really got too cumbersome so I didnt go into it. But dont underestimate the value that major manufacturers play to retailers in terms of store sets, ideas about how to work the entire aisle, theres big time ideas that you guys may not see or be aware of that private label Im unaware of ever in that game. 
Scott OHara : From a European perspective I think your observation is correct. We have seen a shift and an acceleration in private label in our fiscal fourth quarter. And Ive said, my personal view is that I think Europe is about six months behind the US in terms of when we went into the recessionary period and I think ultimately when were going to come out of it.  The encouraging thing is that while we did see this shift our businesses continued to hold up pretty well and in fact, if you look at the one slide I showed sequentially by quarter our volume while still down year on year had improved from both Q2 and Q3. So I think were about six months behind the US. I think its starting to improve a little bit but weve got a little ways to go yet. 
William Johnson : I think one of the things to note about our business and you saw it today, unlike others with the exception of Smart Ones we have maintained our shares across most of our categories globally. So our business is relatively resilient and the one thing I will tell you that has surprised even me, and Ive been around a long time, the strength of Heinz ketchup has been extraordinary. What it says is consumers simply are not going to give up for a price differential Heinz ketchup on the table. At 9% organic growth last year and continuing positive growth into this year, the strength of that brand is truly extraordinary which is one of the reasons we are throwing all the incremental support behind the US business. 
Terry Bivens  JPMorgan: My question goes to the retail part of North America, William back at Cagney you talked about there would be a time where you had to respond and from what I can see in the numbers the promotional intensity in frozen has remained every bit as high. I think todays Neilson numbers indicated theres some slippage on the potatoes side, frozen potatoes as far as private label, so I guess the question is how long can you afford to wait and does the fact, [Nelson] pointed at D&A as being one thing he was very upset with back in the day. Does that hamstring you at all to being able to respond. Is that a factor. 
William Johnson : No, were going to do whats right for the business. As I said in my comments, we expect D&A to be up this year marginally, 30 to 40 basis points. It was up in 2009 by a comparable amount. Its just were going to be very judicious with it. The one thing you have to understand and I thought David said it very well in his comments we have had an enormous amount of discussion on Smart Ones. The management team responsible for that business feels very strongly that to engage in the short-term profitless prosperity would be a tragic waste of the continued long-term organic growth of that business through innovation, new products and through marketing. So thats the focus.  Now David also said it and Ill say it stronger, if this nonsense continues to the point where it is really starting to effect our ability to execute in other areas, well respond. The tragedy of that is its not good for the category and its not good for any of the manufacturers. I will tell you today that if I said to David start spending D&A tomorrow, he could get the Smart Ones share back in about six weeks and we would lose a fair amount on profits and we would lose the momentum we have in creating the 24/7.  The reality is, if you cut through it, the reason our two competitors are responding with D&A, they dont have anything else to do. They have no new product, they have no news and so as a consequence what are they doing, theyre taking price down. I will tell you showing the chart the most interesting thing, despite significant reduction in price, youve seen no improvement in the categories which goes back to the point youve got to continue to drive innovation.  Having said that if it continues to erode our business we will react and that loser of that will be our two competitor companies and the overall category because well get our share back. Theres not a single brand that these guys run that if we turn on the D&A spigot tomorrow we couldnt pick up incremental share. The problem is, all youre doing is renting it and then we give it back so I think from that standpoint were just trying to be as patient as we possibly can.  If our patience runs out, mine will probably run out before Davids, which is why we have ongoing conversations. Davids will probably run out before the management team responsible for that business. On potatoes, I think David was very clear, weve gone back on air with the mashed media. Business has responded brilliantly, up 28%. We know how to move that business and again most of that is private label. Theyre still one price increase behind us. That will address itself over the next three to four months given the potato increases. Potatoes is not a business Im at all concerned about. Its one we obviously monitor. Its a business where private label has historically run between 35% and 40%. Were seeing a little growth to that but nothing thats alarming at this point. 
Art Winkleblack : The only thing I would add also on the [potato] spending side is that with a little bit of extra spending in FY10 our processes and systems are much more robust then they were years ago so we have a much better handle on what were getting for the spending. So from that angle as we increase the spending slightly we know what were getting and why were doing it and so I think, as the management team and the Board have been very supportive of moving in that direction if we need to. 
Ed Erin  RBC: William you talked at Cagney about the balance of power may be [toasting] a little bit more in favor of retailers and it seems like that could be fixed through some combination of M&A or tertiary brands going away, but it doesnt seem like weve seen a whole lot of examples of that so far. Whats the catalyst for that happening going forward do you think. 
William Johnson : Well I think you are seeing it. I think if you looked across Europe theres a major account in Spain, Mercadona eliminated basically 1,100 A list items to replace it with either better A list items or private label. Were seeing a number of that activity across Europe. Wal-Mart is getting ready to go through project impact which is certainly going to have an impact on the secondary and tertiary brands.  There is no doubt that if the pressure from the economy continues these tertiary brands are going to go. Now we have peers that will stand up here and tell you that their tertiary brands are safe and they will also have to tell you that their D&A spending has increased considerably. But whats going to happen and you see the best example in Europe, what Europe has done and which is going to be interesting to watch, Europe is replacing the tertiary brands with budget private label which is a benefit to us by the way because budget private label does not compare on a quality, packaging, just overall appearance standpoint and so the more they shift their own consumers down from their premium private label to budget private label, theyre doing us a favor.  But I think over the next 12 months, and Ill let these guys comment, youre going to see some fairly significant axing of SKUs across the retail trade and I think its going to effect the secondary and tertiary brands. 
Scott OHara : I think William is absolutely right, clearly weve seen the shift that I showed you within the private label segment from premium down to budget. Over time I think that thats going to be a challenge for our retail partners because clearly theyre not going to make the same kind of penny profit and likely not the same kind of margin even on the budget products that they make on the premium ranges and we havent seen any category expansion as a result of that.  I do think that the group thats going to be squeezed the most is the number two and number three brands that are caught in the middle and David talked in his section and I did in mine, our job is branded retailers to continue to innovate and bring real value to our retail partners and consumers to make our brands thrive. And thats our challenge and I think our teams are doing a good job of that. 
Robert Moskow  Credit Suisse: I thought William you made a good point that innovation is the key to differentiating versus private label and its how leading brands will continue to differentiate, I thought that the European plans today however were rather light on product innovation at least in comparison to what North America. It sounded like theres a lot of blocking and tackling to do in Europe on the cost side and maybe rationalization of packaging. So can you comment a little bit on that. Has something changed a reflection of your concern about the consumer in Europe and maybe their lack of willingness to try new things. 
William Johnson : Youve been dissed, do you want me to answer that.
Scott OHara : No Ill take it and then you can build on it if you like, I think your observation is right. That said we do have a fair amount of innovation in the plans. Its less then we had in fiscal 2009 but that was by choice. As we showed you, clearly the currency headwinds are coming through the European P&L on a cross rate basis so we are very focused on trying to drive cost. We also are very focused as you said on the fundamentals, on the blocking and tackling because in this environment thats critically important.  That said, I tried to give you guys an example of some of the things were doing. Were trying to leverage scale in Europe this year. Take the ideas that have worked and spread them across the rest of the markets that havent launched. So things like grown not made across all the European markets, some of the packaging innovation ideas across other packaging formats, so that we can leverage a lot of the ideas that we launched in fiscal 2009 and get more benefit from that and really focus on the core business. 
William Johnson : I have a different take totally, I think its one of the great strengths of this company that we have on the ground management in these markets that reflects the needs of the existing marketplace as opposed to some dictate from Pittsburg that says you need to do this and I think as a consequence of that I have to believe our continental European business was the only business in the food industry last year to grow volume.  We grew volume fairly strongly in continental Europe last year predominantly on the strength of our businesses in Belgium and The Netherlands. And I think it really reflects the ability of this team to move very quickly, they dont have to depend on Pittsburg for decisions and so if innovation is appropriate as it is in the US and as it is in the emerging markets or if value is more of an issue as it is in Europe right now and probably New Zealand, less so in Australia, thats where I think the strength of this company comes and weve reacted very quickly and I think you see that in our results for the last three years.  And I think as a comment on that, if Mike were to talk about his businesses, hes got a fair amount of innovation. Weve taken baby food and launched it across Mexico as well as the Caribbean. Weve launched ketchup into the Mexican market very successfully. Were going to continue to press those. Were looking at formula in a number of our markets around the globe. So I think weve addressed the consumer. I think ultimately everything begins with the strength and capabilities of the marketplace, the team we have in the marketplace and the needs of that marketplace.  I was commenting at the break I think probably to David Palmer, that one of the things that weve done in Europe is launched a small sized ketchup. The focus is really very simple. Change the value entry in terms of the entry price point and allow us to bring people back into those markets. But again that I send to you is that fundamentally across all of our businesses with the possible exception of one or two businesses in Australia, New Zealand, and the Smart Ones issue, we have maintained market share everywhere in all our categories across the globe and I think thats pretty fundamentally interesting given the strength of our company versus the weakness in the markets in which were operating. 
[Eric Sirota  Unspecified Company]: Could you talk a bit about the productivity target at 2.5% for this year, listening to your presentation and what you have been talking about for the past year or so, it seems like youve got an awful lot of productivity projects that are in the pipeline from taskforces to things you talked about today in terms of reducing complexity, and yet a 25 to 3% target is kind of roughly in line with what most of your peers look for on an ongoing basis, just wondering are you being conservative with that 2 to 3% top line. It sounds like you are based on everything that you talked about today or are there some offsets that perhaps are missing. 
William Johnson : No, I think in this environment clearly productivity becomes more important. The focus of the last couple of years has been more on the top line growth and weve seen some very strong volume and price growth numbers that weve posted, so in this kind of global environment we have shifted more to a focus on productivity. We have a lot of as you say, weve got a lot of projects in the pipeline.  Im particularly excited about the indirect procurement stuff that were doing which weve made progress on already but with the acceleration of the SAP program to actually solidify and force the discipline on the indirect procurement side. We think that will be a big help. Now the reality is that doesnt, those systems dont get implemented until late in the year so they will be more as I tried to allude to in my presentation or prepared remarks therell be more productivity coming from that down the road.  So well get some of it in FY10 and then more beyond. But do we think were being conservative? Hopefully a little but thats the target, its $250 and well see how we go and well keep you posted. 
Chris Growe  Stifel Nicolaus: I wanted to ask you in relation to pricing youve got some tough cost inflation this year especially in relation to other food companies, so Im just curious have you implemented price increases already, and Im thinking ketchup for example where tomato costs are up or tin plate is, how are those conversations gone with the retailer and if I look at your gross margin estimates you have, productivity plus pricing, could we see more pricing to offset the cost of inflation there from where the productivity comes to the bottom line. 
William Johnson : Let me talk about pricing, because one of the things thats clearly effecting our commodity cost next year is transaction cross rates. Its about $100 million. So if you back that out our commodity inflation is more in line with our peers. Much of our pricing is simply carryover pricing. Having said that, if you notice Scott did make a reference to the fact that there will be some incremental pricing as necessary across some of our businesses.  In New Zealand we moved very aggressively in April to take pricing to address part of that transaction cross rate impact were going to face in New Zealand and somewhat in Australia. Weve moved in a number of other markets. Having said that, you have other companies standing up here talking about dealing a lot of money back. What were trying to do is balance the difference between what our increased D&A and the need to take incremental pricing and turn around and just deal it back.  And I think we feel very good about our organic sales opportunities in fiscal 2010. If commodities continue to increase, if transaction cross rates are exacerbated, if other things change, then well obviously mirror those and monitor those very carefully. I think the other thing I want to comment on, if the UK cross rate issue remains and clearly whats going to happen over time is youll see more pricing in the industry.  But right now rather then react at a point in time and take pricing that could fundamentally injure the business long-term were sort of monitoring how this goes. The longer that stays in place, the more likely it is the market in total moves because our peer companies are effected by the same thing. So what youve seen and what Art tried to show you is a real balance between pricing, some increased D&A, increased marketing, commodity costs and what we felt would be prudent in terms of offering up guidance for the new year.  Again if costs get worse or they stay where they are, we dont start seeing some improvement in some of these areas then well look for opportunities to take more price. But I think we have a pretty good balance right now. 
Bryan Spillane - Banc of America - Merrill Lynch : In your presentation you made a mention that your expectations are that consumer frugality will stay fashionable and I think that sets you apart from your peer group. I think your peers generally expect a return to normal, whatever normal was. So if you could just talk a little bit about whats driving those beliefs and have you done some studies that lead you to believe that and also how that lines up in terms of how you believe your retail customers look at the consumer. 
David Moran : Those are just beliefs. But virtually every single data source that I have and read and look at and personally have discussions with customers and consumers supports that point of view. Those were heady days a year ago, 18 months ago, and until we see that kind of personal wealth being created because of stock portfolios and housing and other mechanisms, I dont think its going to happen. Even if it does, Ill be gleeful. So Im preparing for the day that it doesnt happen and thats why weve become so aggressive on productivity.  We shifted a substantial portion of our R&D resources for a nine month period, very defined, to go in and get some cost out of our packaging and a whole host of things, and its hitting the bottom line beautifully and its one of the reasons that the business is going to be so strong next year and were able to increase our marketing by 70%. But I think its wise to think about the worst case scenario and then if it isnt that way it will be terrific. 
William Johnson : Theres a recent Mackenzie report published that basically said that 50% of consumers interviewed said they will maintain their current purchasing patterns and 50% will return to normal. So how you parse that is going to depend on what youre expecting for the business. Were expecting the worst and preparing for the best. In food service the Mackenzie report said about a third of consumers will return to their normal eating out habits once the economy returns but about a third wont so a lot of this is based on a Mackenzie report weve read and our own research which indicates that right now at least in the world we live in, consumers are starting to see this sort of as a challenge.  Theyre seeing this as a game and I know we stand apart from our peers. We stand apart from our peers virtually every time I open my mouth and I think in context of that I look at three years that these guys have posted a pretty darn good results and Ill listen to these guys before I listen to my peers. 
Andrew Lazar  Barclays Capital: I wanted
William Johnson : Thank you for letting me in today, by the way it was very helpful. 
Andrew Lazar  Barclays Capital: Not a problem, the nightmare comment was a little bit troubling but
William Johnson : What Andrew basically said was I dreamed that I was an analyst when a guy asked if I was and analyst. And Andrew said only in his dreams and I said no, only in my nightmares. 
Andrew Lazar  Barclays Capital: Going back to the 30, 40 basis point increase in D&A for the year, just two questions on that, one is that relatively similar if we were to compare it across North America and Europe and then the second one is that seems a lot less severe then maybe a lot of folks in the investor community might have feared coming into this year given the need to drive volume and given that well have some in general input cost favorability [although] not specifically at Heinz. So I wanted to get a sense of whether you think putting that increase in the context of your peers, do you think that puts you at a maybe a disadvantage relative to your peers or is your sense that the increase in D&A across the industry might be more manageable then investors fears. 
William Johnson : I really dont know. I think some of our peers are going to have to spend a lot more D&A to hang on to their distribution and their shelf space. We cant react to that because ours isnt hanging onto our shelf space, ours is determining what the right price point is for consumers relative to the other value equation that these guys have talked about.  I think that 30 to 40 basis points is going to vary not only by business but by product. In some products youll see a fairly significant increase in D&A and others you wont see any increase in D&A. When you look at businesses like we have in the UK or even in the US or Canada where we have 75 or 80% market shares, spending incremental D&A to hold onto one or two share points is not a very good use of money.  In other categories like Smart Ones where were going to have more of a competitive set where we are planning to spend a little bit more D&A and in potatoes and maybe a few other areas, its just going to depend on the business. I have no idea what my peers are going to do, not a clue. I do know that weve been around this horn as you know and weve taken a lot of D&A spending out of this company, about 500 basis points in total over the last six or seven years.  I would guess by the this, the economy turns, well have probably increased that over 2009, 2010 and maybe 2011 by maybe back to 100, 125 basis points. But it will be very selective and very dependant on the business. And in some of our business, certainly in the emerging markets we dont spend anywhere near the company average in D&A spending and we see no reason to ratchet up D&A in those markets given what is a very fragmented trade and where you get very little leverage out of it. As those markets have gone from 5% of our sales to this year expecting 15% of our sales and 40% of our growth, that clearly has had a depressing impact on the amount of D&A that reflects through across the P&L that we have to show, so there are a lot of mitigating circumstances. But at the end of the day I think if this team hasnt shown anything, its shown that its very flexible and [malleable] and it will move to what the consumer and what the business needs.  And I think weve done that over the last three years. Our plans have been dramatically altered every year to reflect the changing market conditions and that will be the same. So were just giving you a heads up, its 30 to 40 basis points, it could 50. I dont think it will be much more but well do what we have to do and allocate funds accordingly.  I should give you credit too David for helping me get in this morning. 
[David Driscoll  Citi Investment] : Not at all, two questions, the first one is on advertising spending and the second question was on market share of ketchup in the emerging markets. So on the advertising side, it looks like the fourth quarter advertising spend was down considerably from what the original thoughts were I believe you guys had laid out on a number of the prior calls, can you talk about why this happened and can you quantify that fourth quarter number. I believe it was very significant in the results today but Im havent been able to pencil out exactly what the number is and then again, please go into the rationale as to why second part of the question, was unrelated on the ketchup market share in Russia, can you talk about the opportunities. 
William Johnson : We pulled market in February, March and given the collapse of the consumer that we saw in January, we got very concerned about chasing water uphill and we pulled a lot of marketing. Now some of it went back into D&A which was why our D&A in 2009 was up a little bit and some of it we just held on to and was spent in other areas.  But I think overall for the year on a constant currency basis marketing was essentially flat last year down 3%. Thats very unlike a number of our peers where marketing spending on a constant currency basis would have been down pretty significantly. Its going to be back up this year. Weve now, I think gotten confident that it will have an impact positively going forward but you have to look at January.  Because we walked into Cagney, I remind all of you to go back to those Cagney presentations in general that was one of the most depressed groups of people I have ever been around. And I think our view was the consumer is hiding, is never going to come back. You were hearing stories about retail deload, you were hearing stories about consumer deloading. One of the things we observed the consumers werent buying multiples.  So rather then the continuing to spend the money we did we just drew the conclusion as a group we dont know what were chasing here so we pulled it. Now some of it went into other areas. It went into promotion or value sized packaging and so forth, but theres no doubt advertising came down aggressively in February, March. Now we started back up in April as David showed you on vinegar and a few other businesses, and in May its really been ratcheted back up as we now think the consumer has found a footing whether thats a low footing or a high footing, I dont know, but the consumer seems to have found the footing and its seems to be having an impact. On ketchup share, we have taken ketchup now into a number of our emerging markets and in Russia we defined it as ketchup, condiments, and sauces because thats how the category defines and by the way that excludes mayonnaise before anybody asks for whatever reason, thats how Neilson defines it.  Our shares in Moscow and St. Petersburg where we have full distribution are pushing 405 and we are growing very rapidly. If you know my stated strategy all along in Russia was I was not going to chase margin, I was trying to chase share in the second largest ketchup market in the world and avoid a repeat of the mistake we made in the 80s in Japan which is now the third largest ketchup market and were virtually non existent.  As we continue to expand distribution the upside on ketchup in Russia is significant. We now have a plastic line fully functional, at the [inaudible] factory. Its producing very cost competitive product in fact I suspect we have a cost advantage. We were number three a year ago, were now number one. As we expand that I believe our share which overall around Russia is around 21, 22% will grow significantly.  In Venezuela our ketchup business is doing extremely well. In fact we are the market leader and we have about a 50 share. In Mexico were up to an 11 share after about 12 or 15 months in the market. Weve picked up a fair amount of distribution and will continue to push that aggressively and our sourcing net basically out of the US and then were looking at sourcing it in Mexico and Venezuela longer-term. Getting product out of Venezuela is very, very difficult.  In China, we are the one of the key suppliers to Kentucky Fried Chicken. Weve got a ketchup factory in Chin Dao but also produces baby food and were looking at growing that. Ketchup may not be the right product of China, maybe soya sauce and so were looking at leveraging the ABC business in China. In India weve launched ketchup, were 25 years behind [Kisson and Maggie]. Weve got a ketchup line there that weve moved to our [Aligarh] factory. We think theres real upside long-term in ketchup but its going to be a slow built in India.  Its not a huge ketchup market to begin with. Poland we are number one now in combination with our Pudliszki brand and a few other brands so we think ketchup long-term continues to be a great growth opportunity for this company. I dont want to mention any of our peers but the fact that our most important product grew 9% organically last year globally is a pretty impressive statistic given the world we operate in and I think it goes back to a comment I made earlier, people just dont want to give up Heinz ketchup. And I think the grown not made campaign in the US will resonate very well with consumers. So our view is ketchup continues to be a growth opportunity globally. 
Scott OHara : In the emerging markets the other thing you need to consider with ketchup is in category, category growth because right now in most markets its very under developed. People dont know what it is and how to use it but as quick serve restaurants expand, teach western eating habits, were seeing tremendous growth of the market and creation of even new uses. For example KFC in China, their primary use is with chicken and fries as opposed to hamburgers and fries in the US.  So category growth, not just share growth is an opportunity for us. 
Margaret Nollen: If you look in the back of Arts first presentation we have additional slides and you have all the fourth quarter scorecards to your marketing numbers there. 
Unspecified Analyst : Just to put in context with respect to some of the changes youve announced today in terms of compensation and so forth, if you take out, from my perspective I mean if you take out currency for the most part obviously food service and some of the other issues you mentioned, your performance has been pretty good. So Im wondering number one, what sort of message does it send, what are you trying to accomplish in terms of actually making some of the reductions that youre making in terms of compensation at certain levels in the company. And then heading into the next fiscal year can you talk about the alignment of compensation, what will your incentive comp look like, what are you going to get paid on this coming year and the alignment between that and shareholders and then for Art, quickly just in terms of uses of cash with the stock price where it is, you didnt talk about share repurchase and I just wonder is that something youll be taking a look at here as well. 
William Johnson : Let me talk about the compensation, this was a, we took this to the Board before anybody asks if Nelson had a hand in this, we took this to the Board and this was something I felt strongly about and I will tell you weve taken it to all or employees around the globe within the last four or five days and I have to tell you I have been extraordinary proud of the way our people have reacted.  Their view is that this is going to be a tough year. The economies around the globe are not performing well. That were not announcing mass changes in the way we staff the company and so forth and I think in that context its been very well received by the employees and the message that were trying to is, look we recognize things have changed. We recognize its a different world and were going to take some steps.  This will not effect the 2009 compensation thats based on last year which was an extraordinary year and I think youll see it in the compensation numbers. But we felt as a management team and as a group of employees that it was appropriate to reflect the realities in the marketplace we exist and to take a very difficult step. And believe me this was not a very pleasant thing to do. Our employees have reacted with a great deal of grace and class.  Weve had virtually no pushback. They understand it. Theyre pleased that we were very clear with them on it. The bonus opportunity itself has been reduced by about 20% and thats very simple. We took the target we promised the street last year of $3.07 even though we did adjust it for currency. We looked at our current range and adjusted our bonus opportunity down to reflect how we compared with that $3.07 which I think is extraordinarily fair and I think appropriate. We promised it. Because of currency we cant deliver it at least as of today. Who knows what next week will bring.  So I think in that context that the message were trying to send is we get it. We see whats going on in the world. We know how difficult consumers have it. We understand how shareholders are feeling about the compressions in the marketplace. We want everyone to know that were prepared to share a little of that pain and our employees are prepared to share with you. In terms of the metrics, theyre going to be very similar to what weve been [gold] on previously with a couple of subtle changes.  Our short-term plans are always based on a combination at world headquarters of earnings per share and the operating units and operating income and cash flow and a sales modifier. This year were changing the sales modifier and putting more weight on cash flow. In this environment cash is going to be critical going forward to support the balance sheet and allow us the flexibility to do some of the other things that we want.  So on a short-term basis, the modifier of sales well see more of that switched to cash flow but still fundamentally its going to be a profit metric short-term and a cash flow metric short-term, and a sales metric short-term with some different weighting. The long-term incentive is not going to change. The long-term incentive which the Board put in place about three and a half, four years ago, is predicated on return on invested capital and relative TSR, total shareholder return.  And so our long-term incentive is based on how we manage return on invested capital and I think you can see weve managed it pretty well. We got the message from the Board and on TSR and I think on a relative TSR basis, certainly in the last two and three years, our relative TSR has been pretty good. Theres no doubt that Im concerned about that going forward but were big boys and thats the way we feel that we ought to be compensated.  Again, and then theres a mixture of a few other things but fundamentally, short-term profit, sales, cash, long-term returns that were giving back to shareholders in terms of ROIC and relative shareholders return. 
Art Winkleblack : I think what were looking at in this environment, we want to be very prudent with our cash. We want to maintain our BBB rating that we have currently that is optimized for costs of capital over many years. So we feel good about that and want to maintain it. So as we think about it we have prioritized dividends. Weve prioritized truing up our pension funding and we also think in this environment that there may be some darn good bargains out there on relatively small acquisitions.  So we want to maintain some dry powder for that. No doubt that we view over the long-term the stock price as being a bargain, but given where we are in the rating and some of the other priorities, we felt that was appropriate. 
William Johnson : We talk about this every day because its very tempting. 
Unspecified Analyst : Just a quick one, you highlighted in your earlier slides $127 million of total mark-to-market gains for fiscal 2009, how much of that hedge, if that were not mark-to-market accounting that hedge accounting, in other words how much of that is borrowing from future years in terms of the benefit for 2009 kind of coming out of fiscal 2010. If it were hedge accounting in other words would that number
Art Winkleblack : Really none. The reality is that we only put in place the hedge to the end of April so it was all contained within the fiscal year. 
William Johnson : If we could wed have hedged 10 years out. But the accountants wont let us do that. 
Unspecified Analyst : In your private label comments you had interesting discussions between the United States and then what was happening in Europe, in the United States you had actually shown a private label graph that private label had crested and it was actually coming down and then Scott I believe in your comments you mentioned that private label started to see a ramp up in the fourth quarter. Now we all know that private label is much more well developed in Europe then it is in the United States so theres something counterintuitive to whats happening here at least to me. Can you explain why you think that weve seen the differences as such in these geographies, the acceleration in Europe and I dont know if its and actual slowdown, but its crested according to that chart in the United States. 
Scott OHara : I think its tied to a couple of things. One as I mentioned, I think the recession if you will was delayed by about six months in Europe relative to the US so I think theres a phasing if you will thats impacting it and the second thing is, particularly, well actually in all the markets but with more of a focus in the UK the retailers have really focused on private label is an area that theyre trying to drive their business.  And so for example is now putting out there as a banner that theyre Britains biggest discounter. Many of the retailers have launched ranges of budget private label that didnt exist a year ago and it took them time to get those into the marketplace. So I think were seeing a little bit of momentum related to that. At the same time because the penetration level as you mentioned was much higher to begin with, youre not seeing the same kind of growth rate that you would see in the US and I dont expect that we will. Obviously that varies by category. In the more commodity related categories youre seeing a little bit more acceleration there. In most of our categories while were seeing some acceleration its not any where to the same degree.
David Moran : Only comment on the US is I think it goes back to Williams comments around the Cagney time period. I think the consumer absolutely almost imploded in the December, January, February, period which is the peak that youre talking about. They werent going to restaurants. They were depleting their panty. And I know that we saw it in our volumes. It literally fell off a cliff the last three weeks of December and most of January. It was a very difficult period and then its been ramping back.  So I think thats the aberration. The long-term trend though is very clear that private label is a big player and were going to have to deal with it as an organization and as an industry. 
Margaret Nollen: That will conclude our webcast and for those of you in the room, I just want to thank you for attending today.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-02-24 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Meg Nollen - Vice President Investor Relations Art Winkleblack - EVP and CFO Ed McMenamin - Senior Vice President, Finance and Corporate Controller
Analysts: Chris Growe  Stifel Nicolaus Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank Terry Bivens  JP Morgan Alexia Howard  Sanford Bernstein Robert Moskow  Credit Suisse David Driscoll  Citi Investment  Andrew Lazar  Barclays Capital David Palmer  UBS Ed Roesch  Soleil Securities
Operator: (Operator Instructions) I would like to welcome everyone to the H.J. Heinz Company Fiscal Year 2009 Third Quarter Earnings Release Conference Call. Id now like to turn the call over to Meg Nollen, Vice President of Investor Relations. 
Meg Nollen: Welcome to our conference call and webcast. Copies of the slides used in todays presentation are available on our website at Heinz.com. Joining me on todays call are Art Winkleblack, EVP and CFO and Ed McMenamin, Senior Vice President, Finance and Corporate Controller. Before we begin with our prepared remarks please refer to the forward looking statement currently displayed. This is also available in our release this morning as well as in our most recent SEC filings. To summarize, during our presentation we may make forward looking statements about our business that are intended to assist you in understanding the company and its results.  We ask you to refer to our April 30, 2008, Form 10-K, which lists some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in these statements whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise, except as required by Securities law. We undertake no obligation to update or revise. We may also use non-GAAP financial measures in our presentation as the company believes such measures allow for consistent period to period comparison of the business. The most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures are available in the companys release, at the end of this presentation and on our website at Heinz.com. Please note we plan to file our 10-Q this afternoon. Related financial highlights pages or stat pages will then become available in the Investor Relations section of the website towards the bottom of the page. Now with the formalities out of the way let me turn the call over to Art Winkleblack.
Art Winkleblack: Since we saw many of you in Florida last week well try to be brief today. The key is that this was a solid quarter for Heinz and we remain on track for our full year targets. Eds and my remarks this morning will be focused on helping you understand the key drivers that shaped the results. Overall, the quarter included growth in organic sales of 2%, net income of 11%, EPS of 12% and operating free cash flow up a very strong 25%.  Im particularly pleased that we posted positive organic sales growth in light of the current environment and during a quarter in which we lapped our strongest growth quarter from last year and where the timing of price increases negatively impacted volume in our US Consumer Products business. Im also gratified to see our significant increase in cash flow largely driven by improvements in inventory. For the quarter, reported sales were down 7.5% but after screening out the impact of currency we are up about 4%. This is a solid result given that the quarter included a very tough month of January for the entire industry. Operating income was a similar story; reported OI was down 6% but up a very strong 9% when you exclude both translation and the UK transaction currency impacts. Net net very solid numbers on a constant currency basis. Stepping back, you can see that while the third quarter organic sales were slower then recent quarters we continued a string of 15 quarters of positive organic growth despite lapping almost 9% growth in Q3 last year. Continued organic top line strength in Europe and in the emerging markets was partially offset by Food Service and negative timing impacts in US consumer products after a very strong first half. Year to date, organic sales growth is up approximately 6% and we remain on track for reaching our target of around 6% for the year. Clearly pricing has become a more important driver of our organic growth based on the unprecedented commodity cost inflation that we and the industry have experienced. Third quarter pricing hit 8%, a high watermark for the company over at least the last 10 years. As you know, weve been driving very strong profit growth over the last three years by pricing somewhat behind inflation in order to optimize organic growth. In so doing we traded off a couple of gross margin points shown on the bottom of this chart, while strategically focusing on growing gross profit dollars.  At CAGNY we discussed the shift of our strategic focus back to margins and driving cash flow in this new environment. Encouragingly we believe that we have completed the bulk of the pricing we need for now in most markets and have already begun to stem the gross margin erosion this quarter, down 40 basis points year over year, 30 basis points of which relate to the UK transaction costs. Taking a deeper look at sales now, our top 15 brands were up almost 2% for the quarter despite the timing impact of price increases on volume. Growth this quarter was driven by the Heinz brand which was up 8% year on year. Importantly, on a year to date basis our top 15 brands are up 7.5% organically. Lets take a quick spin around the Heinz world and outline some of the key factors driving our growth. We posted 9% organic growth in our flagship product, Ketchup, largely driven by net price improvements in most markets. To achieve this growth we leveraged new packaging and the grown not made campaign across Europe and as we discussed at CAGNY were now adapting the campaign for the US market. Were also executing further packaging standardization and upsizing strategies across our developed markets. Finally, Ketchup is becoming a staple in more Latin American markets such as Mexico where we are rapidly gaining share in the worlds ninth largest Ketchup market. Infant nutrition was another key growth driver for the quarter with organic sales up 7%. Growth was paced by strong performances in India, Latin America, China and Canada. Additionally, in Italy we are seeing improved share performances in both biscuits and milks and in jarred baby food on the strength of new bonus packs and on pack couponing. Were very pleased with our consistent organic growth in this category. On a year to date basis were up nearly 10%. Turning toward Europe, we grew organic sales by 5% led by strong pricing in the UK, continental Europe and Russia. Our growth was underpinned by strong results in our large UK Soup and Beans categories. These recession resilient categories have responded well to our extensive innovation and marketing initiatives. We have better than a 60% share of the UK soup market and drove organic growth of more than 20% for the quarter.  In beans we saw heavy competitive promotional activity in the category beginning in December and responded with a flight of new advertising and in store activity including the return of the Beans Means Heinz campaign and in store displays of our innovative snap pot beans in the bread aisle to capitalize on Britains hunger for beans on toast. Looking to the continent, we had another success story with our Honig brand which posted organic sales growth of almost 10% in the quarter. Honig soups and ready meals are another great example of our on trend products perfect for an economy where consumers are seeking convenient economical meal solutions. Turning to the US, the overall grocery market had a difficult 12 week period and January was especially tough. Nielsen reported total US Grocery unit sales across all center store categories down 3.6% for the 12 weeks ending January 24, widening to a 4.6% decline for the most recent four weeks. This contraction suggests potential pantry de-loading by consumer and a shift in non-measured channels such as club and mass merchandisers.  We believe this is a cyclical shift and our categories have been holding up reasonably well as we adapt our go to market strategies to maximize performance across a full range of channels. I believe this shows the severity of the jolt to consumers coming out of the holidays and seeing all of the doom and gloom in the press. While its still early we are seeing a bit of a rebound from this trend in February. Another factor affecting Heinz in the US this quarter was the impact of the recession on the Frozen Nutritional Meals category. The category in Q3 was down 7.5% in volume and about 7% in value terms. As Bill discussed last week at CAGNY mothers tend to cut back spending on themselves as they focus on meeting the needs of the family within a constrained food budget. We saw similar behavior in the economic downturns of the 1990s and through the first half of this decade. Our base off the shelf volume remains the healthiest in the category remains the healthiest in the category but our less profitable promoted volume was down significantly in the quarter. Again, as Bill mentioned, we will resist chasing promotional volume preferring to continue adding value to consumers.  Examples of added value in Smart Ones include the expansion of the franchise to a 24/7 Lifestyle Brand including our new Morning Express range of breakfast sandwiches and quesadillas that many of you enjoyed at CAGNY, and the new range of Artisan Creations pizzas that feature a superior bread technology.  Again, Smart Ones base trends continue to out pace the category but total organic sales for Smart Ones in North America declined 7% in the quarter although they remain up 4% on a year to date basis. Overall, were confident in our ability to resume strong growth for the brand as economic conditions improve just as we have done in the past. We firmly believe that we are employing the right strategy of patience and prudence, up to a point. Turning to frozen potatoes in the US, Ore-Ida has been an ongoing success story driven by a steady diet of innovation. Steam n Mash for example was timed extremely well with what Bill called the current meatloaf and mashed potatoes economy were now in. Year to date, Ore-Idas organic sales are up double digits, reflecting innovation and pricing required to cover significant cost inflation on potatoes. Retail take away for Ore-Ida remains solid but our shipments were down for the quarter. Last year, retailers built inventory in the third quarter ahead of a February price increase. This by itself created a tough comparison for this years quarter which was exacerbated by a commodity based price increase this October effectively pulling cases into Q2 and reducing shipments in Q3. Importantly, were off to a good start in the fourth quarter. A real success story in the quarter was Classico in both the US and Canadian markets. Like Steam n Mash, the product is right on trend for the times. People are coming home to prepare inexpensive meals such as pasta and Classico is the perfect way to top off the meal. Overall, Classicos organic sales grew 9% in the quarter as we implemented pricing and launched a consumer preferred, easier to open jar. We posted another strong quarter with organic sales growth of 9%.  As we discussed at CAGNY a part of our strategy and an increasing component of our growth story. Our strong brand, infrastructure and go to market capabilities allow us to drive disproportionate growth in these markets. We expect this to continue as economic growth in these markets, while slowing a bit from their torrid pace of the past few years is considerably outpacing GDP in developed markets. Emerging Markets represented 13% of Heinz total sales in Q3 up from Q3 last year and up two points from Q3 FY07. Weve been growing in these markets for many years through good times and bad. In this quarter, Emerging Markets stepped up and delivered more then two thirds of the organic sales growth for the total company. Emerging Market growth was led by Latin America, India and Russia, with infant nutrition and Ketchup being the stand out categories. Latin America increased organic sales by 36% related to continued gains on Ketchup and baby food and strong net pricing in line with increased commodity costs. India experienced strong organic growth of 14% reflecting continued gains in Complan distribution for Glucon-D. Russia increased organic sales 6% despite a very difficult economic setting driven by record Ketchup results and a growing presence in baby cereal and in baked beans. Another growth driver for the quarter was acquisitions. Over the last 10 months weve made four relatively small but strategically focused bolt on acquisitions. We bought Wyco in April, Benedicta in August, La Bonne Cuisine in November and Golden Circle in December. These acquisitions contributed about $65 million or 2.5% of sales during the quarter and we expect them to be slightly accretive to earnings in FY10. Wyco and Benedicta are core sauces businesses but leverage our strength in the Ketchup condiments and sauces category in continental Europe. La Bonne Cuisine is a small dip business that adds incremental chill capabilities in New Zealand and Golden Circle is an iconic health and wellness brand that will have great synergies with our Australian business. The acquisition increased the size of Heinz Australia, elevating it to a $1 billion Aussie dollar company. For the coming quarters our focus now turns from making acquisitions to profitably integrating these businesses into Heinz operations. Turning to the bottom line, EPS is $0.76 was a very strong result and frankly above our expectations much of which was timing related. In a nut shell we had very strong constant currency operating income and a lower then normal tax rate. Going the other way we had a significant negative impact from foreign currency both from translation and transaction which was only partially offset by mark to market gains.  Our pricing, productivity and austerity measures helped improve operating margins in the quarter despite the continuation of major commodity cost inflation. Again, Im pleased with our cash flow which was up 25% from year ago. In addition to strong profitability we held the line on CapEx and our inventory reduction initiatives began to make a real impact. With that let me turn it over to Ed.
Ed McMenamin: Ill now take you through a detailed review of Q3 results and a brief overview of our year to date performance. Lets first take a look at our P&L Scorecard. As a result of an 11.4% headwind from currency translation sales for the quarter were down 7.5% despite gains in organic sales and contributions from recent acquisitions. Gross margin at 35.4% was down only 40 basis points from last year as increased commodity costs offset significant pricing and productivity improvements. Consumer marketing was down $14 million for the quarter primarily due to currency. Operating income was off 6% to prior year but up 6.8% if you exclude the effects of foreign exchange translation and almost 9% when adjusting for the cross currency impact in the UK. As a result of tight cost controls and favorable insurance benefits operating margins rose 20 basis points to 15.8%. Looking below operating income, we were able to offset a portion of the foreign exchange translation impact that hit us at OI with currency hedges.  In addition, we recognized gains on the swaps related to the daily re-marketable securities that we closed in December. Aided by a reduction in the effective tax rate we drove an 11.8% increase in EPS to $0.76. Looking at the whole P&L currency translation reduced FY09 results for sales by 11% and operating income by 13%. Ill go into a more detailed explanation on net sales, gross profit and operating income in the upcoming slides but would like to comment on several other P&L line items at this point. SG&A was down almost 10% this quarter and at 16.3% of revenue intensity improved by 40 basis points from last year. In the current economic environment we will continue our focus on controlling costs by pruning discretionary spending while prioritizing our efforts on initiatives that will drive long term success of Heinz. The $33 million improvement in net interest and other expense was driven by two significant items. We recognized $17 million in currency gains resulting from the FX contracts we purchased early this year to protect the translation of earnings from four of our largest marketing for fiscal 09. Additionally, we recognized favorable mark to market gains on the total rate of return swap which we entered into in conjunction with the re-pricing of the companys re-marketable securities on December 1st. Since then, debt markets have improved resulting in a $14 million benefit to the quarter. The additional interest expense from the re-marketable securities themselves was largely offset by the reduced cost on the balance of our floating rate debt.  The effective tax rate for the quarter was 26% compared to 31.6% last year. This improvement is primarily due to favorable resolution of foreign tax reserves, foreign tax planning as well as lapping its charge last year due to an Italian tax law change. At this point we expect our full year effective tax rate to be approximately 29% an increase from the 28% average year to date. Shifting to revenue, you can see that we drove organic sales growth for the quarter by 1.6%. Price increases have been broadly implemented across the companys portfolio and contributed 8% to the top line and helped to offset higher commodity costs. Buying decreased 6.4% in part due to the effect on customer purchase patterns resulting from the timing of price increases as well as some volume trade offs in order to realize price and recover some of the lost margin weve experienced the last couple of years. Acquisitions net of divestitures increased sales by 2.3% reflecting the acquisitions Art discussed. Finally, we faced an 11.4% decline from unfavorable foreign exchange primarily in Europe but the dollar has strengthened this year against virtually all markets. Turning to net sales by segment, we delivered solid organic growth in Europe and outstanding performance in the Rest of World segment. Also our emerging markets posted 9.1% organic growth as we continued focus on these markets where economic growth remains well above the global average. Looking first at Europe, organic growth was almost 5% with a 9.7% price benefit led by increases across most of the product ranges in the UK, Russia and Italy. Volume decreased 4.8% across Europe primarily in these same markets. Acquisitions increased sales by 3.2% with the additions of Benedicta this year and Wyco late last year. Unfavorable foreign exchange translation rates decreased sales by almost 21%. Our North American Consumer Products segment realized pricing of 5.8% while organic sales decreased 1.8% reflecting a 7.6% volume decline. New product introductions including TGI Fridays Skillet Meals and Ore-Ida Steam n Mash as well as volume improvements in Heinz Ketchup were more then offset by declines in Ore-Ida Fries, due to the timing of price increases and softness in frozen entres that Art discussed earlier. Unfavorable Canadian exchange rates decreased sales by 3.8%.  US Foodservice continues to be hit hard by the economic trends which have resulted in reduced foot traffic at many of our restaurant customers. Pricing in the segment was up 4.6% while volume declined 8.7%. As we continue to simplify the business and reduced complexity by eliminating numerous skus and exiting unprofitable businesses. Asia/Pacific organic sales were off slightly as a 7.2% price increase was edged out by a 7.6% volume decline. Volumes were down as we implemented price increases and in some cases were confronted with competitive promotions and difficult economic conditions for our consumers. One standout was our Indian business which delivered solid volume and price growth driven by the Complan brand. The acquisitions of Golden Circle and La Bonne Cuisine increased sales 8.9% while unfavorable translation rates decreased sales by 16.9%. In the Rest of World segment total sales increased 22% driven by 32% organic growth. Volume increased 2.7% driven by increases in Latin America and the Middle East. Higher pricing increased sales by almost 30% largely due to inflation in Latin America and commodity related price increases in South Africa and the Middle East. Foreign exchange translation rates decreased sales by 9.7%. As I noted earlier, gross margin was down 40 basis points in Q3. This is the narrowest gap to prior year we have seen in almost two years. We estimate the market inflation on our basket of commodities was approximately 11% for the quarter with packaging, potatoes and tomato products up from prior year levels. Additionally, the cost of goods in the UK sourced from Europe were impacted by the change in the Pound/Euro cross rate which on its own cost us around 30 basis points of the total 40 basis point decline this quarter. In aggregate, inflationary increases represented an impact of 560 basis points to our gross margin. The combination of net price gains together with other productivity initiatives completely offset inflation this quarter. Inefficiencies due to product cut backs to reduce inventories and increased maintenance offset some of our productivity benefits. The balance of the margin change is primarily driven by the new acquisitions which have lower margins then our base businesses but we expect to improve the margins in these businesses as we realize synergies in the coming months. Turning to operating income by segment, North American Consumer Products grew 4.4% overall and achieved 8.2% growth on a constant currency basis. The growth was driven by pricing and productivity improvements, reductions in S&D aided by declining oil prices as well as reduced G&A and more tightly focused marketing. As I mentioned before, both volume and commodity costs provided some headwinds which we more then compensated for in delivering solid results again this quarter with a 240 basis point improvement in operating margins. Europe was faced with over 20% headwinds this quarter from translation and another 4% from cross currency transaction movements. As a result, operating income was down almost 19%. Without these currency headwinds operating income would have been up a very healthy 6%. Increased pricing, compensated for commodity inflation and reduced volume while enabling us to continue to increase marketing support and invest in new systems and processes continued to drive the business. US Foodservice was down to prior year by 22%. The reduced earnings reflect the impact of lower traffic at restaurant customers, limited pricing and significant commodity cost increases.  Operating income in Asia/Pacific was down 23%, 27 points of which related to currency translation. The balance reflects the favorable impact of recent acquisitions and increased pricing partially offset by increased commodity costs and reduced volume. Finally, our Rest of World segment delivered strong results this quarter up 5.4% driven by volume and significant pricing across the region. Before the impact of translation the Rest of World segment was up over 9%. Looking at the cash flow statement for the quarter, our 25% increase in operating free cash flow was the result of working capital management. In fact, our cash used for quick operating working capital was about one half of last years requirements in Q3. The increase in other items was largely due a higher tax payment this year.  Additionally, weve reduced capital expenditures in the quarter by $10 million. Cash paid for acquisitions of $171 million relates to the Golden Circle and La Bonne Cuisine transactions. The acquisition of Golden Circle also included the assumption of about $70 million worth of debt which have since refinanced. Finally, the dividend payments of $132 million represented dividend yield of about 5% based on yesterdays close. Now lets take a quick look at our performance through the first nine months. Year to date reported sales at $7.6 billion are up a little over 3% and approaching 6% on an organic basis. EPS has grown almost 17% for despite the economic environment we are in we posted solid nine month results at both the top and bottom lines. A few points to note, gross profit dollars were up slightly while gross margins down 100 basis points reflecting pricing, more then offset by higher commodity costs and the effect of the Pound/Euro cross rate. Marketing spending was down 2.5% on a reported basis but up slightly on a constant currency basis.  Operating income was down 2.8% year to date but adjusting for the impact of currency movements on translation and transaction costs in the UK we would be up over 3.5%. EPS at $2.35 benefited from lower net interest costs, almost 2% fewer shares outstanding, the currency and total return swap hedges and a 140 basis point improvement in the tax rate.  Organic sales on a year to date basis are up about 5.7% reflecting net pricing of almost 7% while volume decreased 1.2% primarily driven by Foodservice. The impact of currency translation was 3.9 points unfavorable while acquisitions have contributed about 1.5 to top line growth.  All of the segments expect Foodservice delivered top line growth both on a reported and organic basis through the first three quarters. In fact, Europe, Consumer Products and Asia/Pac drove organic sales of around 6% while the Rest of World segment delivered gains of around 30%. Now lets move to the year to date balance sheet and cash flow metrics. CapEx at 2.4% is better than prior year by 30 basis points despite increased investments in our global SAP implementation. The cash conversion cycle at 58 days is up eight days from the prior year primarily due to payables which were down as a result of net investment hedges that were a liability this time last year but have since been paid. Net debt to EBITDA improved to 2.4x as net debt increased about 2% from last year while EBITDA has improved by 5%. Finally, were pleased that we have continued to improve our after tax ROIC which is up 170 basis points over the last 12 months. Operating free cash flow is up about 20% or $53 million on a year to date basis driven by increased profits including the cash benefits of the translation hedges. QOWC was relatively flat but we did spend a bit more on pensions and prior year incentive accruals. We also reduced capital expenditures by $18 million from last year. Before turning it back to Art, I would like to take a minute to discuss the currency translation hedges that weve mentioned on all the earnings calls this year. As you can see in this chart, weve recognized about $109 million in gains on these contracts so far this year with $92 million in Q2 and another $17 million this quarter. A little over half of those gains relate to contracts designed to protect earnings through January.  In simple terms, if we could apply traditional hedge accounting year to date earnings would have been about $0.09 less and we would be able to add $0.09 to what we will eventually report in Q4. If the Pound, Euro, Australia or New Zealand dollars fluctuate further in Q4 we may see further movements below operating income with offsetting translation impact within OI. With that Ill turn it back to Art.
Art Winkleblack: Let me build on the topic of currency and then summarize our outlook for FY09 before we open it up for Q&A. Overall we incurred an 11% negative impact of sales in Q3 and a 15% negative impact to operating income from foreign currency including both translation and UK transaction. Fortunately we hedged our key currencies for this fiscal year and have offset much of the net income impact of these movements for all of FY09. However, there are a number of other currencies that we did not hedge from a translation standpoint that cost us about $11 million or $0.02 per share during the third quarter. Our belief is that this currency issue is cyclical and therefore we will not allow it to deter us from our strategy or our long term plans.  The other currency factor is the transaction cross rates of the UK Pound with the Euro and with the US dollar since the majority of our raw materials in the UK are imported and cross rates are significantly worse then historic norms. We estimate that this cost us $7 million in the quarter and about $23 million  year to date. Even with these unplanned currency impacts were still tracking to full year targets. As Ed and I mentioned, the volatility and timing of mark to market impacts plus a reduced tax rate in Q3 have acted to shift earnings between quarters, in effect, pulling fourth quarter earnings into this quarter.  With these factors in mind I want to reaffirm that we expect to deliver our key financial targets for fiscal 09. These are organic sales of 6%, EPS in the range of $2.87 to $2.91 which is a growth of 9% to 11% and operating free cash flow of around $850 million. In delivering these results we anticipate a higher then average tax rate in the fourth quarter and a larger impact to the transactional cross rate in the UK. Finally, as we mentioned at CAGNY the top priority for us is to strengthen our balance sheet and continue growing our dividend.  With that lets open it up for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Chris Growe  Stifel Nicolaus
Chris Growe  Stifel Nicolaus: Regarding what Ill call the volume price balance in the quarter clearly youre volumes are a little worse then expected but I know also North America had some timing factors that led to that. Is there a way you can tell me what volumes would have been ex the North American factor and how you would see generally Heinz pricing which you put in place then the related volume weakness? Is that the right balance right now if you take out that North American factor?
Art Winkleblack: It is the right balance. As I mentioned, were about 6% organic growth year to date. We expect to finish the year at about 6% organic growth. Q4 will be stronger then Q3. Certainly there were some timing factors. As you think about it with North America down we estimate roughly about 4.5 percentage points of the drop in North American volume was related to the timing and the price increases on our write up.  Probably two percentage points or so related to Smart Ones and then a bit on an impact from the pantry de-loading, trade de-stocking, things like that but those are hard to quantify. I think were striking the right balance and we feel good about where were going to end up for the full year.
Chris Growe  Stifel Nicolaus:   On retail de-loading or de-stocking have you seen that in your business in this quarter?
Art Winkleblack: As you look at the chart we showed on total US Grocery sales across all categories you saw in the quarter that grocery unit sales were down about 3.5%, in January they were down about 4.5% so that can speak to one of two things going on. Either a shift to the unmeasured channels which I think there was some of that. Also I do think that there was some pantry de-loading going on by consumers as they just got jolted by the economic situation. Certainly were hearing about some of the retail inventory trade de-stocking I think there is some of that but its very hard to quantify that. It was a factor but probably not big. The other point Id made on that, as you know, its a finite thing because the consumers pantry can only go down to so low a level and retail inventories can only go down to so low a level. I think thats a temporal thing.
Meg Nollen: That was slide 15 we were referring to.
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank
Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank: My first question goes to CapEx, if I recall you were maybe a year or so ago talking about raising CapEx as a percentage of sales because of demand in particular in frozen entres in the US and maybe in some other markets overseas. Is the reversal of the demand outlook the reason why youre able to cut back on CapEx?
Art Winkleblack: No, we have indeed increased our capital spending over the last couple of years a bit from where we had been. In fact, weve put in two new plants over the last few months and completing the one South Carolina on frozen meals. No, were going ahead with that. Even with that were able to very much tighten the belt on the remaining capital spending.  During this timeframe you would expect us to be very tight on non-essential investments so were ramping back on that, continuing to push forward on obviously the capacity that we need and certainly the investments in SAP were continuing with. Its the things in the periphery that are nice to do that we can do them another day.
Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank: My second question has to do with your marketing spending in the quarter. It was down 15%, can you talk a little bit about that is there any deflation going on, was it a tough comp and was that offset by maybe more promotion above the line.
Art Winkleblack: The marketing spending below the line it was down a bit as you say and most of that, virtually all of that was related to currency. If you look at our full year number we expect our marketing on a constant currency basis to be about flat. As we look forward what youre going to see is the cost of media coming down and were hammering away at that to make sure that we get the benefit of that so that same spending ought to go further in this kind of marketplace. The other thing as Bill mentioned at CAGNY last week, youll see some things like coupons and things like that increase which do just by the nature of the accounting these days show up above the line on promotional spending. Yes, I think youll see a bit more of that but not a huge shift.
Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank: On currency, can you talk a little bit, I know you dont want to give guidance on fiscal 2010 but can you give us just some sense as to how to think about both the translational and the transactional impact given where we are today on spot rates for fiscal 2010.
Art Winkleblack: Were going to hold thought on that for now because things are moving so dramatically that it seems like every time we peg a number you wait two days and its a different number. Well reserve comment on that. Were also working at ways to offset certain elements of it in terms of the cross rate and things like that. Were working on a number of elements. A lot of moving parts so Id rather hold thought on that. As we get to the end of the year well certainly give you a very full picture of the way things look.
Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank: All else held equal understanding that you can do a few things, so I understand it, youre expecting to have $110 million hedge benefit thats run through your other income line in 09 and youve been running about $21 million year to date on the transactional Pound/Euro thing and assuming that that doesnt change so thats running at what a $28 million run rate?
Art Winkleblack: Transaction impact this year will probably be a bit larger then that. In fact, we would expect fourth quarter impact of that to be higher then the third quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from Terry Bivens  JP Morgan
Terry Bivens  JP Morgan: Currency is going to be the big issue in May so well talk about that when we get there. On the operating front, I asked Gary Rodkin this question down at CAGNY, theres some information to suggest that Conagras velocities were waning in the frozen case and now weve got this big wall of innovation coming from Conagra. What Im trying to get at here, have you guys seen anything in terms of what grocers are doing with their frozen allotments, is there less of Conagra, more of Heinz, how is that shaping up so far in January and February?
Art Winkleblack: It would be hard for me to say. Dave Moran would have a better perspective on it. Nothing that has reached me in terms of some seismic shift one way or the other. As you know there is some deep discounting going on in the frozen entre category. As Bill mentioned its profit less prosperity because fundamentally even with all that promotional spending the category is down.  We feel good about the strength of the base business in Smart Ones where were trying to keep our powder dry and sit on the sideline being patient and hopefully prudent. At some point if the environment doesnt change we will need to respond in one way shape or form.
Meg Nollen: Weve got innovation coming in Smart Ones and it continues. Were very excited about the pizzas and how strong theyve been doing in test markets as were rolling out. Weve got more products coming out in May. Well talk to you about those at our analyst day. Smart Ones has a very strong loyal base user. Our sales are the higher margin sales; were losing on the incremental low margin sales. The retailer isnt necessarily disappointed with us.
Terry Bivens  JP Morgan: You clearly referenced the competition coming from Premier Foods in beans and soup. How has that tracked following the end of the January quarter, has that ramped up, stayed about the same, whats the situation with that?
Art Winkleblack: I dont have visibility of the Nielsen on a more recent basis. The guys have done a nice job of reacting to the more promotional environment, the new marketing campaign that theyve come out with and theyve changed their promotional strategy to be a bit more effective and a bit more responsive to bring some additional value to consumers without spending a great deal more money. The guys are reacting nicely. Time will tell as we go forward. Weve got such a strong share of that category and by appealing to the nostalgia of Heinz beans its really striking a responsive cord with UK consumers.
Operator: Your next question comes from Alexia Howard  Sanford Bernstein
Alexia Howard  Sanford Bernstein: Are you able to tell us how much the acquisitions contributed to operating income growth this quarter? The 9% constant currency growth included those Im just wondering what the underlying would have been.
Art Winkleblack: Quite small. Theyre relatively small acquisitions but even beyond that the timing of the acquisitions just wasnt a lot of impact. Once you get down to EPS probably about break even.
Alexia Howard  Sanford Bernstein: Productivity improvements it seems as though on the last couple of quarters those seem to have slowed down at least as its presented on the gross margin drivers line. As I understand it that productivity improvement also includes any savings that you get between what the spot markets are doing on commodity increases then what you actually paid as a procurement and benefit in there as well. Is there something going on thats cause a bit of a slowdown in productivity improvements or perhaps even causing it to turn negative at this point.
Art Winkleblack: Your point is correct that the productivity has included some of our better then market purchases. Certainly as we come off of some of the very high cost that will tend to slow down in that productivity number. The other thing, Ed mentioned it is that from a productivity standpoint, in order to control inventory we shut factories and things like that, we did the appropriate things to drive our cash flow. As you do that youre going to take more of an absorption hit from a fixed cost standpoint. That will slow productivity somewhat. As you know, were working very hard on SAP; were working hard with the Keystone project and the global supply chain task force to drive not only long term productivity but short term productivity as well. We feel good about where we are but there are a couple of factors that cause Q3 to be a bit slower then where we have been. On a year to date basis were probably above the 2.5% productivity markdown that we had talked about at the start of the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Moskow  Credit Suisse
Robert Moskow  Credit Suisse: The interest expense line at $96 million can I assume that thats the new run rate on a quarterly basis and will that flow into fiscal 10 that $96 million?
Art Winkleblack: Theres a number of moving parts in there. As you know, we did the deal of re-marketable securities that has a tendency to drive up the interest expense. Weve offset that with lower floating rate debt and weve also got a bit of a benefit this quarter from the mark to market. Theres a number of moving parts in there so Id hesitate to project too much going forward other then to say that our interest expense is fully baked into our full year EPS forecast. As I mentioned last week at CAGNY we are working hard to deliver an interest expense number for next year that is relatively close to what it is this year.
Robert Moskow  Credit Suisse: The interest income line had this benefit from this one time $14 million gain which you havent stripped out. Is that gain going to continue in this quarter because the debt markets continued to get better since you entered into that $800 million remarketing?
Ed McMenamin: There could be some movement in there. When you take a look at where we were in December versus now where weve seen the bulk of the change in the debt market so we wouldnt see that moving a lot that mark to market on the swap would a standout we wouldnt expect much movement going forward the rest of this year or even throughout the remainder of the swaps.
Robert Moskow  Credit Suisse: What do you think youre going to do to get interest expense to be flat year over year for fiscal 10 and fiscal 09?
Ed McMenamin: The way to look at is that floating rate debt and were about 55% floating rate debt is running pretty favorable now with Libor. The lions share of the on cost of the re-marketable securities were going to be able to offset with benefits from the floating rate debt. We think well be able to stay relatively flat year on year. I would look at interest income and interest expense net when I make that statement going forward.
Art Winkleblack: As for the rest of the 2010 fiscal year plan well hold comment on that because weve still got work to do to finalize the plans. Thats our perspective at this point.
Robert Moskow  Credit Suisse: The next question would have been pension expense for fiscal 10 but our models show it somewhere only $0.03 to $0.05 but Ive seen other predictions that show it to be much higher headwind.
Art Winkleblack: I mentioned at CAGNY last week that we believe we have the cash generation capabilities to put an infusion into the pension plan to moderate or offset much of the impact of pension next year. Were still working through the plans and unfortunately with the darn pension accounting we wont know what the discount rate is until April 29, so thats been a volatile thing. At this point, wed expect to offset most of any incremental hit there.
Robert Moskow  Credit Suisse: North America volume should we expect a material improvement in fourth quarter once we get past these Ore-Ida comparisons like can you get back to positive again in fourth quarter. A lot of investors are going to feel a lot more comfortable with the story if you could just get that volume number back into positive territory. Investors would be willing to sacrifice a lot of the price. It doesnt sound like thats the strategy thought it sounds like the strategy right now is to hold price at all cost.
Art Winkleblack: Well always balance it to optimize shareholder value. Stepping back if you think about it, we were about 2% in terms of organic growth in the third quarter just by virtue of the math we laid out you need to be around 6% organic growth in the fourth quarter. We would certainly need North America and we project North America to be stronger then what they were on the overlap basis in Q3.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Driscoll  Citi Investment 
David Driscoll  Citi Investment : Regarding the interest expense, can you say what your guidance is then for the full year F09?
Art Winkleblack: I dont think weve pegged a line by line through the P&L. As you know, were looking at 6% organic top line and between $2.87 and $2.91 for the bottom line. We dont see much upside in over delivering on that. We would look for investment opportunities if we found it. The mix of lines in between sales and down to EPS could vary. Im not sure we have given any specific guidance on that.
Meg Nollen: Particularly with the hedges.
David Driscoll  Citi Investment : Thats somewhat confusing. When I look at these numbers the interest income line was running around $10, $11 million in the first couple of quarters and then you posted $25 million of interest income this quarter. What was the reason for the big change right there?
Ed McMenamin: That was the swap that we talked about, the $14 million.
David Driscoll  Citi Investment : The $14 million swap shows up in interest income not on interest expense. The interest expense number is a pure number that only shows two effects then that change from last quarter, the first effect would be the remarketing of the debt, second effect is the lower rates applied to your floating debt. Is that true?
Ed McMenamin: And any movements in the debt itself, yes.
David Driscoll  Citi Investment : On the currency cross rates that you guys talk about here in the United Kingdom the question I had is you mentioned that you source your raw materials predominantly from outside the UK and thus these cross rates are so important. In many cases when weve seen issues like this they are broad sweeping, meaning that they affect all of the players within the industry selling that particular type of product.  While yes its a transactional issue related to foreign currency it really is just a raw material cost issue and thats generally offset by pricing. Why is that not happening in this case, do your competitors no source from the same places you do?
Art Winkleblack: Youre thinking about it the right way. It comes through the raw material costs. Weve got a huge share of ketchup and beans in particular; beans come in from the United States. Our competitors pull most of their beans from there as well. Ketchup for us comes in from the continent. Its a factor of driving off raw materials and finished goods on a disproportionate basis.  The question is at what inflation rate can the UK consumer stand it these days given the economic situation. Its something that we havent seen before because that cross rate for many, many years was extremely stable. It spiked up. Do we hope it goes back the other way at some point? Yes, absolutely. It hasnt yet.
David Driscoll  Citi Investment : If I say it another way, in many of our past conversations youve indicated that the companys pricing plan was to offset the dollar impact of raw material costs. The UK, it really doesnt feel like it should be any different to me. Would you think that ultimately thats how it plays out that this whole cross rate issue effectively from our seat goes away because youre able to offset it again over the course of time?
Art Winkleblack: Its just the compounding effect of some of the raw material costs very significantly higher it seems like potatoes, things like beans set aside currency are up significantly year on year and look like they will continue to be up. Youve got that then you combine that with the cross rate it causes tremendous inflation potentially for the UK consumer. The UK given the weakness of their Pound its going to be an interesting environment for the UK consumer on that front. Over time we certainly hope to pass along all those kinds of price increases. In this case that may be a difficult thing but well see.
Ed McMenamin: Over time the Pound and the Euro have been fairly tightly correlated currencies. What were looking at right now is a disproportionate shift unlike anything that weve seen probably since the Euro has been out. One would hope that that would start to come back a bit going forward.
David Driscoll  Citi Investment : What was the dollar impact of inflation in the quarter, I dont think I heard that, I apologize if I missed it?
Art Winkleblack: Total commodity inflation was around 11% from a market standpoint. From the gross margin chart you can probably back into that number.
Meg Nollen: Ill work with you to back in. We didnt quote it. We can back into it from the gross margin chart.
David Driscoll  Citi Investment : I believe that Bill said that you expect growth on both sales and EPS on a constant currency basis in FY10. Can I get a little bit more clarity is that in line with the long term model so the issue here is not the fundamental business model being off kilter here its the foreign exchange rate would you agree with that characterization?
Art Winkleblack: We feel good about the fundamental business. Our strong constant currency operating income this quarter reinforced that point. Beyond what Bill said, for FY10 well just stick with what Bill said. As we then lock down our plans over the coming weeks and as soon as we have it pulled together well bring you in.
Meg Nollen: Somebody did the back of the envelope for me. Inflation is about $110 million.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Lazar  Barclays Capital
Andrew Lazar  Barclays Capital: With gross margins almost flat year over year when you exclude the transaction costs in the UK. I would have expected pretty significant de-leveraging impact due to the 6% volume decline. Is there a way to give us sense of how much that negative impact might have been on gross margins separate? You netted out from productivity separate from productivity was it a significant negative that you overcame or is that something that we may see the impact of going forward if it didnt impact the quarter itself. Whenever these companies report volume like that unusually you do see a pretty significant impact on the gross margin line.
Art Winkleblack: Im not sure I can quantify it for you. We can probably work on that over the coming weeks here too to try to understand that. If you think about the strength of the pricing and the remaining productivity initiatives they offset the commodity inflation. We feel good about that. Clearly productivity was impacted by the absorption related to the lower volume and also tightly managing inventories. Im not trying to evade the question I just dont know that number off the top of my head. We had acquisitions going the other way which would have impacted the mix a little bit. There are a number of factors there. It was a factor, not huge but well try to see if we can help you with that going forward.
Andrew Lazar  Barclays Capital: Its fair to say that was clearly a headwind that you didnt have obviously a quarter or two ago when volumes were helping you and well have to see where that goes from here.
Art Winkleblack: Yes, that would be accurate.
Andrew Lazar  Barclays Capital: Bill was pretty clear in being unwilling at this stage to call the end of retailer and/or consumer pantry de-loading and what not. I think he made a comment around February looking a little better. Maybe that suggests potentially the worst of some of this as you described it temporal type of impact is somewhat over. Am I reading too much into that comment around February or not?
Art Winkleblack: February were seeing a bit better numbers and a bit of a rebound. Yes, we would hope that the pantry de-stocking and the retail inventory reductions would largely be behind us. Again, how far can you go on that at some point you just get to the minimum you cant operate either as a household or as a retailer. Well keep an eye on it. I would certainly hope that thats largely behind us. Well see.
Andrew Lazar  Barclays Capital: You talked about a base rate of productivity it was around 2.5% or so. Does that include the incremental stuff that youre getting from Keystone or is Keystone on top of that? I cant remember if youve quantified that.
Art Winkleblack: In terms of Keystone at this point because weve gotten through the blueprint phase were not doing the programming to turn the blueprint into SAP code. The savings there so far pretty negligible. We are getting some benefit of global supply chain task force initiatives particularly on indirect procurement. Keystone will be a benefit that grows over time as we roll out the systems and get them up and operational in the different business units.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Palmer  UBS
David Palmer  UBS: Has there been any change in competitive behavior recently that you can comment on especially in the frozen aisle? What were seeing lately the Conagra has promotions going on with their old green Healthy Choice boxes, the 4/$10 type of deal presumably that would be a temporary thing to get rid of some old inventory. Perhaps just big picture do you think that theres any light at the end of the tunnel here in terms of the competitive pressure in that category and more broadly if you feel like bringing in other categories or just simply too early to tell at this point.
Art Winkleblack: There has certainly been a lot of promotional pressure during what we call diet season. Diet season will be waning here before too long and well see if we see any slowdown in that. Im probably not the most up to date on the latest daily trends and things. Were going to see pretty heavy promotional activity by competitors over the next coming couple of months. Well see.
David Palmer  UBS: US Foodservice your volume decline was 9%. You showed the MPD press data which showed overall volume or traffic declines in the restaurant category of about 1%. A lot of folks that have food service businesses certainly and correctly blame the consumer environment. The type of volume performance here isnt necessarily just described by the overall industry. Could you go into what is going on there, do you have the wrong type of customers, product mix; is their inventory reductions by the restaurants what are going on there?
Art Winkleblack: What were trying to do there is revamp the portfolio. As Bill mentioned at CAGNY we are dramatically reducing skus. Were getting out of low margin businesses; were getting out of low profit customers to be quite honest. We are trying to revamp that portfolio to focus on the places where we think we have the right to win and that we can grow going forward. What youre seeing is a re-shifting or restructuring of the portfolio going on as we try to work through the difficult environment. Certainly the environment is not helping. Beyond that youre seeing us doing some shifts within the business that ought to set us up for better results going forward.
Meg Nollen: Theyre doing the right things. One of the things that Id point out is this is the highest price weve taken in years. This is a 4.6% price increase for the quarter and so theres probably some of the buy and roll off type going on in addition.
Ed McMenamin: The guys over there are making some really tough choices in terms of customers where we may have had a proliferation of skus, weve cut back some of the unbranded, if you will, portion control stuff and either it would be Heinz branded or some of our big customers and just saying were going to bite the bullet, pull back on volume and then try to drive some efficiencies in the plants that we have left so that we can make more money going forward but stop chasing cases.
Art Winkleblack: Focus on the front of house more so then the back of house that we have had a preponderance of historically.
Meg Nollen: A lot of success and very pleased with the Burger King co-marketing alliance and hopefully youre going to see more.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ed Roesch  Soleil Securities
Ed Roesch  Soleil Securities: I was looking at the tax benefit that you got in the third quarter and you mentioned if youd seen any upside to the outlook for fiscal 09 your preference would be to reinvest that. Is that the way to think about that tax benefit that maybe that $0.06 or so that came from lower taxes got put back into some discretionary funding towards the business?
Art Winkleblack: Keep in mind a lot of that is just timing. We are probably about $0.04 better on tax then we had anticipated in Q3 that came out of Q4. That moves just one quarter to the other. The other timing factor being those mark to markets. Thatd be the way to think about it.
Ed McMenamin: When we previously discussed it we said that tax rate around 30% were now saying a tax rate around 29% so the benefit to Q3 we dont think is going to fall all the way through for the year so as Art said its more timing then incremental benefit.
Art Winkleblack: Were picking up the extra impact of an un-hedged currency and that cross rate. Weve got a lot of factors moving around there but we do feel very good about our range for the year.
Operator: Your last question comes from David Driscoll  Citi Investment 
David Driscoll  Citi Investment : On frozen foods when I look at the data Im seeing Nestle its a clear as day standout here in the latest four weeks they have 60% of their volume sold on promotion. Thats definitively different then about their 45% 52 week average. It looks to me like the change here is happening from the number one market share player in frozen its Nestle. Can you make some comments on whats happening here and why has Nestle done this. Do you agree with my thoughts that the player to watch it feels like its Nestle who has been driving these massive promotions throughout the frozen case?
Art Winkleblack: Nestle clearly is a large player in the category and they have been very aggressive promotionally. I would come back to the fact that the category is still down despite all that promotional effort. Youre seeing a lot of trade between their promoted volume and base volume. Its not something that we want to play in and I cant comment on what their strategy is. Theyre doing their thing and we will manage our business as we see appropriate.
David Driscoll  Citi Investment : Do you have any sense that this Nestle promotional surge is abating or does it just look like its going to continue for at least whatever visibility you do have?
Art Winkleblack: Im not sure how to comment on that. I think theyll make up their mind on what theyre doing on that front. Well stay tuned and watch it and see where we go.
David Driscoll  Citi Investment : When you talked about the fact that this is diet season and that we do have at Heinz a fantastic brand with the Smart Ones Weight Watchers. It does feel to be somewhat disappointing that the January trends were so weak. Is there any additional insight you might have on how impactful this might be to your thought process going forward? In the month of January in my mind is supposed to be a home run because it is the diet season.
Art Winkleblack: If everything is relative and the home run here is that the strength of our base franchise, the base business is holding up very well during a real onslaught from a promotional standpoint. Our loyal consumer base is hanging with us and we appreciate that support. The base business is going well, is well above the category norms. Thats a good thing and in fact if you look at overall North American consumer products if you come down to the bottom line our operating margin is up very strongly for the quarter.  Were trying to balance all elements but again at some point well see what the strategy needs to be. The base business holding up well, promoted volume is down pretty significantly. We make a lot less money on the promoted volume. Over time we think things like that will balance out.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. Do you have any closing remarks?
Meg Nollen.: Well be around all day in the Investor Relations department feel free to give us a call 412-456-6020. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes todays conference. Thank you for your participation you may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q1  (2008-08-21 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Meg Nollen - Vice President, Investor Relations Art Winkleblack - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Ed McMenamin - Senior Vice President, Finance and Corporate Controller 
Analysts: Alexia Howard  Sanford Bernstein Chris Growe  Stifel Nicolaus David Driscoll  Citi Investment Research David Palmer  UBS Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank Eric Serotta  Merrill Lynch Robert Moskow  Credit Suisse Terry Bivens  JP Morgan Todd Duvick  Bank of America Securities Andrew Lazar  Lehman Brothers
Operator: I would like to welcome everyone to the H. J. Heinz Company fiscal year 2009 first quarter earnings release conference call. (Operator Instructions) Id now like to turn the call over to Meg Nollen, Vice President, Investor Relations.
Meg Nollen: Id like to welcome everyone to our conference call and webcast. Copies of the slides used in todays presentation are available on our website at Heinz.com. Joining me on todays call are Art Winkleblack, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and Ed McMenamin, Senior Vice President, Finance and Corporate Controller. Before we begin with our prepared remarks please refer to this forward looking statement currently displayed. This is also available in our earnings release this morning and in our most recent SEC filings. To summarize, during our presentation we may make predictive statements about our business that are intended to clarify results for your understanding. We ask you to refer to our April 30, 2008, Form 10-K, which lists some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in our predictions. Heinz undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise, except as required by Securities laws. We may also use non-GAAP financial measures in our presentation as the company believes such measures allow for consistent period to period comparison of the business. The most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures are available in the companys earnings release and is also available on our recently redesigned website at Heinz.com. Please note we plan to file our first quarter 10-Q this afternoon. Our related financial highlights pages or stat pages will then become available in the Investor Relations section of the website towards the bottom of the page. Now with the formalities out of the way let me turn the call over to Art Winkleblack to talk about our great results
Art Winkleblack: Were holding our Q1 call a little earlier this year so that we dont interfere with your last days of August and frankly because were very excited about sharing our results for the quarter. Overall the company delivered an outstanding first quarter of fiscal 09 with sales up nearly 15%, operating income up 7% and EPS up more than 14%. Our top line growth was highlighted by a record quarterly organic sales increase of more than 10% and was well balanced between volume and price. Importantly this strong growth was supported by another double digit increase in R&D and consumer marketing. These results, when combined with our results in Q1 of last year reflect continuation of strong momentum in the business. Q1 represents the 13th quarter in a row of positive organic sales growth with a strengthening trend over time. As weve discussed before this reflects our more focused portfolio, better commercial talent, improved discipline around innovation, progress on pricing and enhanced sales execution. We would all love to see double digit organic growth every quarter and I would love to be 25 years old again. Suffice it to say, were very comfortable with our expectation at meeting our full year commitment to deliver sales growth of 6% plus. This morning Ill put our results into the context of our new two year high performance plan, primarily focusing on our key growth drivers. Ill then turn it over to Ed to give you a more detailed look at the financials before I conclude with an updated outlook for the full year. You may recall that our two year high performance plan is built around four key pillars. These include: Growing the Core Portfolio Accelerating Growth in Emerging Markets Strengthening and Leveraging Global Scale Making Talent an Advantage Well focus on the first three strategies today and well start with growing the core. A key barometer here is the health of our top 15 brands which represent about 70% of our portfolio. For the quarter we delivered excellent sales growth of almost 17% for these brands with particularly strong results for Heinz, Ore-Ida, ABC, and Complan. Another way to look at our progress here is through the lens of our three core categories. As you can see we posted double digit growth in each. Infant/Nutrition continues to deliver very robust growth up about 30% paced by increases in China, Latin America, and Canada. Meals and Snacks posted 12% growth reflecting strong gains in the US frozen business and in European Ambient meals.  Condiments and Sauces were 13% with continuing momentum in global Ketchup, HP and Salad Cream in the UK and new Heinz sauces, condiments and dressings in continental Europe. Lets take a look at some of the initiatives that drove our growth in our big brands and core categories. Starting with Ketchup and Sauces, we drove strong Ketchup growth across Europe, up 14% organically in the quarter supported by the continuing rollout of an energy efficient clear plastic bottle with a new label featuring a red ripe tomato on the vine. Consumers are responding to the new bottle and the accompanying, grown not made consumer campaign which leverages Heinz unique tomato heritage. Heinz demonstrated solid Ketchup share gains in several countries including the UK, Germany, Russia, Austria, and Switzerland during the quarter. In Canada, Heinz Ketchup achieved a record market share nearly 84% in the quarter as the team replicated the successful US category upsizing strategy including the introduction of the fridge door fit bottle. While these gains are impressive no where is Heinz Ketchup growing faster than in Russia, the worlds second largest Ketchup market. Ketchup sales grew 68% in the quarter and weve expanded our market leadership in Moscow and St. Petersburg. This growth is in line with our strategy to achieve overall share leadership in the Russian Ketchup market. In the UK, Heinz achieved value and volume share growth in all of our key sauce categories during the quarter reflecting the strong progress that Dave Woodward and the team are making in that market. Strong advertising drove a 30% increase in sales for Heinz Salad Cream in the quarter resulting in our highest market share in three years at 82%. HP Sauce also reached a three year high in terms of value share at 75% aided by increasing sales of HP Top Down and the new HP Reduced Salt and Sugar variety. This healthier variety already accounts for nearly 5% of category sales only four months after its introduction. Turning next to Meals and Snacks were very pleased with the growth were generating in both the ambient and frozen segments with total sales up 12% for the quarter. Starting in the UK Heinz achieved its highest 52 week dollar share in the 100+ year history of participating in the ambient wet soup category, thats 63.5%. The share strength was driven by the soup ranges we launched last year and we have more new news coming. Our sales increased 14% and drove the category up 2.5% in the quarter. This is the third quarter in a row where growth in the ambient soup category has outpaced growth in the chilled soup category. Heinz Beanz meanwhile posted yet another strong quarter with sales up more than 13% as single serve Snap Pots continued to deliver incremental sales growth in a combined 65% market share on beans. In Australia, frozen vegetables grew 23% driven by our Steam Fresh line and were building on the success with a new meal solution Steam Fresh Mix and Match. This product allows consumers to combine microwaveable chicken breast filets with single serve portions of pasta, vegetables with herbs or rice to create a delicious balanced meal in minutes. Were supporting this launch with advertising during the Olympics focusing on swimming, one of the most popular sports in all of Australia. In North American Consumer Products we initiated major product launches late in the quarter across Ore-Ida, Smart Ones and TGI Fridays brands which when combined with our other meals and snacks like Boston Market and Bagel Bites represent one of the strongest frozen food portfolios in North America with sales up 15%. Smart Ones innovations from previous quarters including Any Time selections hand held snacks and Fruit Inspirations meals continued to drive the brands impressive growth during the quarter with sales up more than 13%. Were also evolving Smart Ones into a 24/7 lifestyle brand by expanding into new meal occasions with the launch of Smart Ones Morning Express, a line of four hand held breakfast sandwiches. The Smart Ones success story extends beyond just the US as the business north of the border remains on fire. In the 18 months following its launch there Smart Ones has already a 20% market share and holds seven of the top 11 selling SKUs in that market. Back in the US, we launched Ore-Ida Steam n Mash potatoes late in the quarter. This new product range eliminates the time consuming work of scrubbing, pealing and chopping the potatoes while allowing the summer to participate in the more fulfilling end stages of the preparation process. Steam n Mash advertising starts in the second quarter with a new TV spot highlighting the products home made taste and added convenience. Were excited about the potential for this new product in the $900 million mashed potato category. Our business in North America also benefited from the launch of TGI Fridays new Complete Skillet Meals. These meals for two provide flavors inspired by the TGIF restaurant. Theyre priced at around $7.99 and capitalize on the trend of people choosing to eat at home more often. Were encouraged by the strong trade acceptance of these innovations and believe that they will contribute to continuing momentum in our North American retail business for the balance of the year. Turning to our third core category, we posted excellent growth in our Infant/Nutrition business with sales up nearly 30% including a robust 13% increase in volume as we drove strong growth across both our developed and emerging markets. Latin America delivered exceptional growth in this category benefiting from the new capacity that we put in place late last year to meet rapidly rising demand. In China, Infant/Nutrition sales were up 62% as we continue the excellent momentum in our infant cereal business following last years launch of an Omega-3 fortified range and an improved bag and box packaging. In addition to the base cereal business Heinz China continues to expand into new categories including new infant milk supplements and biscuits. Closer to home, we drove terrific growth in Infant/Nutrition in Canada increasing share by more than eight points to a 62% value share in jarred baby food. During the quarter we introduced a new toddler snack and launched Heinz Nurture Infant Formula. This launch makes Heinz the only brand with an offering for newborns through toddlers in Canada. In Italy we posted strong organic sales growth of 8.5% in a very competitive environment driven largely by continued strength in biscuits and toddler milks. Heinz innovations across all of our categories are supported by an underlying focus on health and wellness. As we discussed were driving this focus through a global health and wellness task force that Bill established last year. Through the work of the task force the companys approach has evolved from one focused primarily on food ingredients to a more consumer focused approach that concentrates on the broad areas of lifestyle for products that promote general wellness such as our reduced sugar and salt ketchup, beans and sauces and our Steam Fresh vegetables, childrens nutrition and weight management. We believe were well positioned to be trusted leaders in health and nutrition and are building new wellness attributes into our global innovation pipeline for this year and beyond. Turning to our segments for a minute four of our five segments drove double digit increases in the quarter all the segments that predominantly sell to retail customers are delivering great growth, the exception is our US Food Service business which continues to be affected by the weakness in foot traffic at many of our restaurant customers. In this channel we have implemented pricing broadly across the portfolio but have not yet been able to fully compensate for the decline in traffic and significant commodity cost inflation. The game plan as we discussed before is to amp up innovation and partner with our food service customers to lure consumers back to their restaurants. Additionally, were improving our pricing and trade promotion management processes, at the same time, in order to reduce costs and simplify the business were executing a multi-phase project designed to rationalize about 25% of our SKUs while also eliminating unprofitable contracts as we focus on running the business for value instead of volume. Finally, were optimizing our manufacturing and distribution assets. We recently completed the closure of our Dallas PPI plant and just completed the sale of a small portion pack business. Were taking aggressive action in Food Service having included reduced expectations in our full year forecast. Lets now turn briefly to our second strategic pillar of accelerating growth in emerging markets. As I mentioned earlier excellent momentum in our emerging markets continued in Q1 with sales up 36%. In total, these markets accounted for 15% of total sales and nearly a third of total sales growth ahead of the expectations we outlined in our new growth plan. Our growth was led by Indonesia, organic sales growth of 46% was driven by our ABC Beverage Syrups which hit a market leading 54% share in the quarter. Its important to note that there is a timing element to this increase reflecting the fact that Ramadan Holiday sales were primarily in the first quarter this year versus the second quarter last year. Even beyond the timing gains in Q1 Syrup sales benefited from product improvements, better packaging, and new varieties and enhanced distribution. In addition to our Infant/Nutrition business in China we continued to drive double digit sales increases in Long Fong brand driven by expanded distribution and strong marketing. As you know, our spokesperson for the brand Zhang Yining is the defending Olympic table tennis champion and Ive got to congratulate her on winning the Gold Medal in the doubles competition the other day in Beijing and were cheering her on in her quest to defend her singles title. In India, Complan grew 26% in the quarter driven by the national launch of a new variety of Complan, Saffron/Almond. This launch was based on strong consumer insights in the local market and followed the successful pilot program in key markets last year. Overall, based on the strong broad based growth were generating in our emerging markets you can see why were so excited about them. Turning to M&A, as we discussed in May we expect strategic acquisitions to remain an important component of our growth strategy, supplementing our strong organic growth while bringing new capabilities into the company. Our two most recent acquisitions both strengthen our already powerful pantry of sauces brands in Europe. Our acquisition of the Wyko brand of sauces which we bought in April is the leading brand of satesaus in the Netherlands. Weve quickly integrated the business over the last three months and are off to a good start. The brands have a strong presence in both the retail and food service channels. Just this month we completed the acquisition of Benedicta, Frances leading brand of table top sauces and anticipate a similarly seamless integration. We look forward to combining the heritage of this great brand with our global R&D capabilities in sauces. Let me finally address the third pillar in our strategy which is all about productivity and these days protecting margin. Clearly commodity inflation continues to be a volatile high impact factor in our industry while in the last few weeks weve seen some moderation in commodity prices they still remain well above prior year levels. Ed will take you through the commodity story in a minute, but just for perspective the average market price for a few of the commodities we buy are as follows. Crude oil was up 93% averaging $131/bb this quarter versus $68/bbl last year. Corn was up 83% averaging $6.37/bushel versus about $3.50/bushel last year. Soybean Oil was up 69% averaging $0.62/lb versus $0.37/lb. Overall, first quarter market prices for our commodities were up at a double digit rate year over year. We continue to work to offset these increases through a mix of pricing and productivity and have mitigated some of the increases in volatility through whole ward contracts. In this kind of inflationary environment productivity is critical but its not enough. We need strong pricing as well. In Q1 we achieved net price increases of 5.2%. Our strong brand positions and innovation pipeline are helping to facilitate these pricing gains. Improved taste, more convenient packaging and healthier products all help with our ability to price. As we move through the balance of the year we anticipate our organic growth scale to tilt a bit more toward pricing and we continue to carefully monitor consumer and customer reaction in each of our markets. As we discussed in May, were investing in a number of global task forces in order to drive long term productivity and fuel future commercial investments. Our focus is on improving organizational capabilities and on truly leveraging our global scale. We built out the teams for our global supply chain initiative and for our KEYSTONE project which is focused on improving processes and systems. These task forces are on track and are establishing the foundation for how well operate going forward. In the short term, these initiatives cost money but were confident in the long term benefits. Spending on these initiatives will affect the year on year SG&A cost comparative, particularly in Q2 and moderate over the back half. With that said, let me turn it over to Ed for a detailed look at the first quarter financials.
Ed McMenamin: As I go through the results for Q1 I think you will see that our excellent performance over the last few years is continuing with a strong start to fiscal 2009. First Ill focus on our P&L Scorecard. Net sales grew by almost 15% another outstanding performance at the top line. Organically sales grew over 10% driven by balance 5% increase in both volume and price. This organic growth is largely due to our top 15 brands which grew nearly 17% overall and 13% organically. We continue to increase our investment in consumer marketing above our previous estimate investing 3.9% of sales on a 15% sales increase. Our gross margin at 36.2% continues to be challenged by the rising commodity costs environment, down 110 basis points versus the first quarter of last year our highest gross margin quarter of fiscal 2008 but more in line with Q4 of last year. In the first quarter we overcame these commodity increases and delivered a 7% increase in operating income driven by our top line growth along with productivity improvements. In addition to offsetting increased commodity costs with strategic price increases and productivity our top line also allowed us to continue to increase our marketing support and invest in global task forces. At $0.72 our strong EPS growth of 14.3% resulted from leveraging the 7% operating income growth with improved financing costs, combined with reduced shares outstanding while overcoming approximately $0.02 of headwinds from the 210 basis point increase in the effective tax rate this year versus this time last year. Now lets take a deeper look at the income statement. Ill focus on a few of the items that were not on the Scorecard. Gross profit increased by over 11% to $934 million a nearly $100 million increase from last year. Marketing expense hit an even $100 million up 13%. SG&A was up in line with our sales growth while funding task force initiatives and compensating for higher fuel costs. Ill review the drivers of operating income growth on the next few slides but Id like to cover the activity below operating income here. Net interest and other expenses were down $16 million primarily resulting from reduced interest rates, down about 15 basis points. Youll note that fully diluted shares outstanding are down about 3% benefiting from the completion of $1 billion in net share repurchases over the last two years. The companys effective tax rate increased to 28.7% from 26.6% last year. Both the current and prior years effective tax rates reflect discrete benefits resulting from the effects law changes in the UK. This years law change was the primary reason that the current quarter tax rate was below our ongoing annual estimate of 31% to 32%. As a result, we would anticipate the effective tax rate for the year to be in the lower half of that range. Now lets take a deeper look at sales. As I said, first quarter delivered record organic sales growth of 10.2%. I might add this is on top of a very healthy 5% organic growth in Q1 of last year. The increase was led by impressive volume growth of 5% and price of 5.2% while foreign exchange added 4% and acquisitions increased sales 0.7%. Were pleased to have generated a balance about strong volume and strong pricing. The momentum from volume growth continued with developed markets gaining nearly 4% including the impact of US Food Service and the emerging markets growing an impressive 14%. Favorable pricing was realized in every segment. Turning to Net Sales performance by segment, every region delivered double digit increases with the exception of US Food Service which has been hit hard given the current trends in eating outside the home. The leader among segments was Europe where sales grew almost 20%. Organic growth approached 11% with volume contributing 6.4% and pricing 4.3%. The volume increase was mainly due to new product introductions and increased promotions in the UK and continental Europe. Specifically, we drove increased volume on Heinz Ketchup across Europe, Heinz Beans and Salad Cream in the UK and Pudliszki brand of products in Poland. The price increase was largely the result of commodity related price increases on Heinz Ketchup, Beans and Soup and the majority of our products in the Russian market. Foreign exchange added 8% while the Wyko acquisition in the Netherlands added about 1%. North American consumer product sales were very strong up 11.5% with a 4.7% volume improvement driven largely by Smart Ones and Ore-Ida. Additionally, consumer products related almost 6% in price this quarter helping to offset commodity costs. Foreign exchange contributed an additional 1.3%. Asia/Pacific had a great quarter this year up 23%. Volume for the segment was up 10% driven by significant improvements in ABC Syrup in Indonesia resulting from the timing of the Ramadan Holiday and increased consumer demand. Branded condiments in Australia, beverage sales in India and baby food in China also contributed to the increase. Net pricing in the segment of 5.6% was led by Australia and Indonesia. Topping off these gains was a 6% increase from foreign exchange primarily the Australian Dollar and 2% from acquisitions. US Food Service continues to face softness in the US restaurant business resulting from reduced foot traffic. In addition, weve eliminated a number of SKUs and customers that were not providing sufficient returns. This resulted in reduced sales for the quarter despite an overall price increase. The Rest of World segment sales were up 36% with a 13% increase in volume and a 25% increase in price. As I noted earlier gross profit was up 11% but our gross margin decreased to 36.2% as we experienced significant input cost increases. As you can see, the 5.2% price increase contributed 300 basis points to gross margin. Commodity and other inflation reduced gross margin by 780 basis points, virtually all of our key ingredients were up with substantial increase in packaging, edible oils and tomato products. Offsetting a portion of these headwinds was 350 basis points of productivity most notably our continued efforts on procurement of direct and indirect materials. We continue to expect commodity costs to be higher than last year for the remainder of the fiscal for we are confident that we have this covered in profit outlook through continued pricing, productivity as well as strong volume. Turning to operating income by segment, North American Consumer Products grew 10% to $168 million primarily driven by strong organic sales growth. Benefits from increased pricing and productivity improvements were partially offset by increased commodity costs and increased S&D due to higher volume and fuel charges. Europes results were up 13% from last year again driven by outstanding sales growth. The strong top line driven increases were partially offset by increased commodity costs, higher manufacturing costs in the UK, higher S&D resulting from increased volume and fuel as well as investments in task force spending. Although foreign exchange translation has helped the European segment at the top line, cross currency sourcing between the Euro and the Pound has offset most of that benefit at operating income. The Asia/Pacific segments operating income was up a very impressive 30% resulting from increased volume, pricing and foreign exchange translation rates which more than offset increased commodity costs, higher marketing spending and increased S&D due to higher volume. Art took you through the key drivers for Food Service which resulted in operating incomes down $19 million this quarter. Finally, the Rest of World segment delivered great results this quarter up 25%. Now lets move to the Balance Sheet Scorecard. Capital Expenditures up $42 million were 1.6% of sales down 100 basis points from the prior year. Capital Spending is expected to increase in subsequent quarters as we invest in capacity related projects in support of future growth and ongoing investment in better systems. We still anticipate full year CapEx to be in the 3% to 3.5% of sales range. Our first quarter Cash Conversion Cycle was 52 days up eight days from the prior year largely due to accounts payable which increased only modestly compared to the increase in cost of goods sold. About one half of the reduction in DPO was due to closing out currency hedging contracts which did not impact operating free cash flow or the P&L. Operating Free Cash Flow showed little change from last year at a $55 million outflow and Net Debt increased slightly. ROIC was 16.7% up 80 basis points from this time last year primarily due to increased earnings. Quick Operating Working Capital was up due to receivables and inventories which grew in line with sales while accounts payable increased marginally resulting in an 8 day increase in CCC from Q1 but in line with Q4 of last year. This slight increase in net debt is largely due to our significant amount of share repurchase activity that took place in the prior year. Our net debt/EBITDA multiple improved to 2.5 times reflecting our strong earnings growth with a relatively flat debt position. As I mentioned earlier Operating Free cash flow was in line with last years Q1 performance. QOWC requirements to fund a 15% top line growth were higher than last year while the timing of tax payments benefited the overall cash flow. I touched on Capital Expenditures earlier and dividends reflected 9.2% increase we announced in June. In summary, we are extremely pleased with our performance again this quarter. Our increased innovation and marketing continued to drive strong top line growth. In addition, our ability to drive volume, take price and our focus on productivity improvements are enabling us to more than compensate for the commodity headwinds and allow us to fund the significant investments we are making for future growth and improved productivity. With that Ill now turn it over to Art to update you on our full year outlook.
Art Winkleblack: As you can see, fiscal year 2009 is clearly off to a good start and looking forward we feel very good about our forecast for the full year. As a reminder, the annual targets that we set forth on May 29 for fiscal 09 and 10 were sales growth 6%+ supporting by marketing increases of 8% to 12%, operating income growth of 6% to 7%, EPS growth of 8% to 11% or a range of $2.83 to $2.91 for FY09 and annual Operating Free Cash Flow of approximately $850 million. We believe were on track to achieve these targets and in fact there may be bit of upside to the top line projection for FY09. As we mentioned in the press release we are narrowing our EPS target to the top-half of our range. In other words, we now anticipate EPS to be $2.87 to $2.91 for this fiscal year. As you think about the quarterly P&L for the remainder of 09 keep in mind a couple of things. First, Q1 got a bit of help from the timing of the Ramadan Holiday particularly in Indonesia and Ore-Ida benefited from a relatively easy comparison in Q1. Secondly, from a cost standpoint we expect Q2 S&D will be impacted by high fuel costs and then hopefully moderate. Additionally, last years spending on task force SKU primarily toward the back half of the year while this years investments are more heavily weighted toward Q1 and Q2. Finally, we anticipate a higher tax rate in the back half of the year but for the full year as Ed mentioned we expect to be in line with the lower end of our target range of 31% to 32%. As a result, we expect quarterly EPS this year to be more level than last year, generally in line with the EPS we achieved in Q1. Again, culminating with an EPS range for the year of $2.87 to $2.91. With that well turn it over to you and take your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Alexia Howard  Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard  Sanford Bernstein: A quick question on the emerging markets you mentioned that youve got particularly in the Rest of World. It seems to me that price growth is extremely strong out there, volume growth also, particularly in China. Were hearing some concerns that the economies may be weakening. How do you think about that and what the trajectory is likely to be going forward are we going to get the same kind of pricing momentum as we look outwards and do you have any concerns about that?
Art Winkleblack: We feel very good about emerging marketing. As we said, the sales were up 36% for the first quarter, very strong volume, very strong pricing and the softness that I think some folks are worried about we are less worried about. To be quite honest, I think the guys are doing a great job of innovating bring high quality healthier products to the market, theyre a good value and that seems to be carrying the day very much in those markets. Its broad based, its not just one market were seeing good results. Latin America, were seeing it in the Middle East, were seeing it in South Africa, China, India, etc. Were very excited about it and we expect to continue to generate good strong results. In each quarter youll see volume and pricing variable, you wont always see one up or one more or less. Net net we feel very good about the organic outlook going forward.
Ed McMenamin: I think also when you look at the pricing in those emerging markets its tied to higher input costs in those emerging markets relative to developed markets if we see a softening of the input costs youll likely see a softening of your price but the bottom line should still be driving strong growth.
Alexia Howard  Sanford Bernstein: On the cost inflation in Food Service I know that were talking about dairy costs perhaps getting a little bit easier at some point going forward. Do you see that happening or are those pressures going to continue because of all the things having changed in the meantime.
Art Winkleblack: In general were still seeing very high commodity inflation there. Across the businesses Ed mentioned were seeing double digit increases in the market inflation. Now were getting a bit better than that because of some of our forward contracts. It seems almost as input moderates another one goes up. The last few weeks weve seen oil come down and some of the other things come down slightly, were hoping thats a start of a trend but well see. Net net as I talk about commodities in general are still significantly higher than prior year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Growe  Stifel Nicolaus.
Chris Growe  Stifel Nicolaus: I wanted to ask two questions, the first one is, from the slides it looks like cost inflation in the quarter based on your gross margin bridge was over $150 million, $175 million if Im doing my math correctly, your pricing up around 5% just doesnt even cover that amount. Should we expect more price realization coming forward then? Also we could take sides saying costs could trend off a little bit from these highs right here.
Art Winkleblack: As I recall the commodities were up $140 to $150 million on a market basis, a very sizeable number. If you go back and take a look at our plan that we laid out on May 29, the commodity inflation is above what our expectation was and in fact our pricing is above the expectation also. What were trying to do is watch the market very carefully and then change our plans accordingly to price up and also to drive productivity as hard as we possibly can. Were working all levers to offset what so far is higher than expected commodity costs.
Chris Growe  Stifel Nicolaus: Can you say how well hedged you are for the year or is that something youve said probably?
Art Winkleblack: Weve got forward contracts on probably roughly two thirds of our commodities so were fairly well covered for the balance of the year.
Chris Growe  Stifel Nicolaus: My last question, you made a comment before about, I think Ed made the comment there was very little foreign exchange benefit to profits in the quarter, is that correct?
Ed McMenamin: Right, obviously the top line benefited some but as you translate that down we source a lot of product from Europe from the continent over into the UK given the dynamics of the cross rate between the Euro and the Pound that offset a lot of the favorability there.
Chris Growe  Stifel Nicolaus: As we presume that your guidance then for the year would incorporate current exchange rates or how are you thinking about given the volatility in currencies recently how important it is for you how that plays into your guidance for the year?
Art Winkleblack: Were well covered on that at this point and so we feel like currency wont be a factor either positively or negatively basically for the balance of the year. All of that is factored into our forecast.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Driscoll  Citi Investment Research.
David Driscoll  Citi Investment Research: I wanted to ask a question on gross margins. You mentioned, I believe, on the fourth quarter analyst day that the guidance for the year had gross profit margins up potentially 50 basis points. Whats your updated guidance on gross profit margins?
Art Winkleblack: Im not sure Id call it right now based on how early we are in the year. As I mentioned to Chris were managing all the levers and really trying to bring in the revenue number, the operating income number and the EPS number. Gross margin could be up a little more or less based on what we see in terms of commodities and a lot of that will depend upon what commodities do for the back half of the year and our pricing realizations. I wouldnt frankly pin myself down to a gross margin number yet, obviously gross margin is going to be challenging.
David Driscoll  Citi Investment Research: Let me ask it like this, the margins in the quarter were down 110 basis points, so when I start to think about climbing a hill to actually see positive gross percentage margins throughout the year it would then logically say that they need to be up substantially more because of the first quarter performance. Is it realistic that these things are going to be up by the end of the year?
Art Winkleblack: Again it depends on what commodities do. We have seen some softening in commodities over the last few weeks, I dont know if three or four weeks makes a trend but well hope that that continues. That could be helpful or obviously also pricing as effectively as we can while balancing all the things that are associated with that. To your point, gross margin was pretty much in line with our fourth quarter but we do have a ways to go if gross margin is to climb for the year.
Ed McMenamin: Its in line with fourth quarter and pretty much with the full year last year. First quarter was quite high compared to rest of our fiscal year last year and you saw commodities run up as we went through last year. I think were on a more normalized basis now be it at a higher commodity growth than weve seen in the past.
Art Winkleblack: The key is that were managing to dollar profits both on a gross profit basis and an operating income basis as opposed to feeling like now is probably not the time to be focused on pure percentages.
David Driscoll  Citi Investment Research: In Europe weve heard comments from other companies about a slow down in that market. Obviously your results in the quarter were excellent in Europe. Can you comment on what the future might hold? Do your people talk to you at all about a potential slow down in the European market. If you could make a specific comment on private label trends in that market Id appreciate it.
Art Winkleblack: Obviously the European market is tough these days. I think they had a quarter with the European GDP down so things are not easy there. Having said that I think we sell some of lifes little luxuries and our sauces play from hamburgers to filet mignon. I think we are well positioned to play in either a strong or a weak market. Were seeing good results through the first quarter and we expect strong results over the balance of the year. Thats not to say its easy and were monitoring it very carefully. We are seeing private label get stronger in some markets globally and in some categories. As you can see with 10% organic growth it hasnt impacted us but we do keep an eye on it. Well continue to watch it.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Palmer  UBS.
David Palmer  UBS: I wanted to ask about the UK. This has been a key turn around market for you guys and I think if Im not mistaken its been the majority of your currency neutral profit growth for the European division over the last year or so. Your press release talked about promotion spending in the UK being up and being a bit of an offset to net pricing and profit in the quarter. Is profit growth in this market becoming tougher, could you give us an update about the trends youre seeing there in net pricing going forward, profit growth going forward from this market?
Art Winkleblack: We expect to continue to make net price gains there based purely by on the commodities. I think it is a tough market no doubt about it. Our guys are driving such strong innovation and I tried to go through a few of those but with the value that were bringing and the partnership with our trade customers were seeing great success there. Its packaging innovation, its better quality, its better products and that I think has allowed us to continue to take price there. We are spending a bit more on the trade side but I think thats part and parcel to the environment and just a good strategy overall because as you price up youre going to need to take the flexibility occasionally for the right circumstances to go a little deeper, a little less deep.
Ed McMenamin: Last year at this time also the UK was suffering through some supply constraints where they backed off on promotions so you might say this years back to more normalized levels for that company.
David Palmer  UBS: Interest costs for fiscal 09 how should we model that?
Art Winkleblack: I think we did a good job on interest in the first quarter. We held off for putting our bond in preferred stock in place from a mix management standpoint its probably high watermark in terms commercial paper which has a very good rate. We did a pretty darn good job on managing interest costs in the first quarter. For the back half of the year I would not expect that same kind of favorability, its probably more in line with last year. As you know we did do a bond deal $500 million on that and then $300 million on preferred stock. That has fixed a bit more of our debt at a bit higher rate but the right thing to do and were real pleased with the rates we got.
David Palmer  UBS: Are you seeing any economic slow down when you squint through your numbers knowing what youre doing on innovation. Are you seeing any sort of impact from an economic slow down at all across the globe. Could you give us a sense of where youre seeing a sequential economic impact?
Art Winkleblack: If you look at the retail side were feeling very good about what we see. Obviously Food Service is a soft spot, thats a very tough market particularly in the US but its also somewhat tough in Europe and some other markets. Thats why were trying to be conservative on our Food Service projections assuming its not going to get any better any time soon. Were going to take the time to do the job right, we got a new team in Food Service, theyre working top line, theyre working SKUs, and theyre working the bottom line, streamlining the factory footprint and things like that. Were trying to address it as aggressively as possible but the short answer to your question is were really only seeing a slow down in the Food Service arena. The other thing as I think about it, the things like Snacks and Appetizers also are a little more discretionary and those might be impacted a bit but thats not a big portion of our business so not a big concern.
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank.
Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank: My first question, maybe this is more to Bill, unfortunately Art youre the one who gets it. What was Bill thinking about at the Annual Meeting when he responded regarding the Campbell Soup comment? Can you go into more detail regarding that?
Art Winkleblack: Actually the reaction to what I would term as an offhand comment last week I dont think Im even going to go there.
Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank: Obviously maybe more broadly youve commented your free cash flow is growing, the business is obviously doing well, youre making comments about acquisitions, whats the scale of acquisitions, should we just expect small things or does the company feel so good and the Board feels confident that youre willing to look at bigger things.
Art Winkleblack: Were certainly confident in our outlook and the way were managing the business. Weve got a lot of momentum. I would just generally say that as always we look to add shareholder value and create value for our shareholders. That could be bigger or smaller. You can rest assured that we know that our job one is to drive shareholder value and thats going to be our focus.
Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank: Did you buy back any stock in the quarter? I dont remember whether you mentioned that.
Art Winkleblack: No, basically we offset options exercised as you know our prioritization of cash flow this year is more on dividends first and then also in terms of acquisitions that will add value. Share repo is less of a strategy this year.
Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank: The last question I have is can you walk us through how the rules regarding mark to market hedging accounting is affecting your cost to goods? Im not sure that you talked at all about whether there were mark to market gains or losses in the quarter and based on your contracts is that accounting relevant to the business?
Ed McMenamin: We do everything to avoid the hedge accounting. We lock in long term supply agreements so we lock in the purchase price, whatever our suppliers do, if they employ hedging or not its up to them. Weve said at this point we dont want to take the chance and the volatility with FAS133 hedging so we just do it with our suppliers rather than going out to the futures markets. Yes, it doesnt impact us. We had a small impact last year in the fourth quarter but as a policy we dont do it.
Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank: Were there any charges that you not necessarily quoted one time given its a longer term turnaround but in the US Food Service business the 40% drop in profits was there any one time costs within that number?
Art Winkleblack: No, its plusses and minuses in there so thats mainly the organic results and reflects again the fact that volume down slightly combined with the fact that commodities are up so significantly in that segment.
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Serotta  Merrill Lynch.
Eric Serotta  Merrill Lynch: I wanted to drill down a bit on the operating leverage question. I thought that SG&A FX marketing increased at about the rate of sales. You mentioned some of the puts and take there like the timing of task force investment and fuel and I imagine currency played a factor as well. In the quarter could you give us some idea as to what a currency neutral fixed cost growth was so we could get a handle on operating leverage you delivered and how youre looking at that going forward for the rest of the year.
Art Winkleblack: I would say that the impact of SG&A from FX would have been the same as revenue. In terms of operating leverage if you think about it, were pleased that we have invested back in the business and continue to do so in a rough economic environment with marketing spending up double digit we put back double digit increases in R&D, we spent behind the task forces. In Q1, like I expect Q2 the fuel costs I mentioned that the crude oil up about 93% is almost double. That was a big impact on our selling and distribution costs. We, I think, have done a very good job of leveraging our growth down to the bottom line through very stringent cost controls. Rest assured we are still stringently controlling our costs but we are investing back in the business and I think that will pay some dividends going forward.
Eric Serotta  Merrill Lynch: Could you just remind me as to where you are in terms of SAP roll out to Europe this year?
Art Winkleblack: The roll out continues along, were in across all of the UK now, weve done the frozen business in Europe and weve also done Poland. Our next stop will probably be in continental Europe and then well go from there. Our task forces are busily designing the global blueprint which will be the foundation of the next business unit that gets rolled out and were in the process of determining that roll out schedule and probably be talking more internally with our Board over the next two to three months on that.
Eric Serotta  Merrill Lynch: Youd expect to be able to absorb any incremental costs offset elsewhere?
Art Winkleblack: Yes, thats built into the formula and certainly we will incur higher depreciation expenses and some expenses associated with the implementation and with the design of the blueprint. I think youre seeing good strong results in the UK this year and in fact last year so I think SAP and the better process discipline is helping thats certainly not all of it but it is certainly a help. We would expect that same help in our other business units.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Moskow  Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow  Credit Suisse: I wanted to know on the interest expense reduction year over year I get what youre saying about being savvy or fortunate on the timing of your refinancing but I think you said that interest costs were down only 15 basis points from a year ago yet your interest costs are down $16 million from $91 million a year ago. Thats still a huge decline and I guess what youre saying is now that youve refinanced at a higher rate it will probably go up in the range of maybe.
Ed McMenamin: The rest of the year will be more in line with what we saw last year. Libor, etc. is down a fair amount in the first quarter this year compared to the first quarter of last year so we took advantage of that. Were heavily into commercial paper before we redid the financing so obviously thats about the cheapest interest rates are going to get with the long term debt out there now it would be a little higher than we saw in the first quarter.
Art Winkleblack: I think Libor was 280 versus over 500 in Q1.
Robert Moskow  Credit Suisse: So thats the more relevant metric then.
Robert Moskow  Credit Suisse: On Ore-Ida your sales are up 30% in the quarter and from my data you havent lost any market share at all to private label. This used to be I consider to be a rather commoditized category. What are you doing right on frozen potatoes?
Art Winkleblack: It just shows what you can do with some of these categories that people feel are old and tired. The reality is you listen to your consumer and find out what their needs and wants are and you address them. Weve addressed them with crispier French fries with faster French fries. You saw now that were just now rolling out the Steam n Mash which I think is going to be a great product, taking away all the pealing and chopping and all that stuff, I know thats not a favorite past time of mine. I think that will be a great product so we continue to bring innovation to the market and partner with our trade customers to determine what they want and what they need. So far so good and weve got a good pipeline going forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from Terry Bivens  JP Morgan.
Terry Bivens  JP Morgan: In Europe thats obviously been a great momentum story, are you seeing any signs of a shift to eating at home thats helped the business over here? On the negative side have there been any signs that maybe Tesco or some of these guys are going to start doing price roll backs?
Art Winkleblack: We have seen some shift to in home versus out of home so I think some of the same pattern that you have seen in the US is going to Europe. Our Food Service business in Europe is relatively small so thats a real positive for us. With regard to what trade is up to certainly theres always pressure on the price front and were very cognizant of it, were working with our trade customers on it. Those pricing discussions are never easy and probably will get harder over time. What were trying to do, as you can see by our gross margin we are not going out and pricing above inflation. We had 5% pricing, we had double digit commodity increases so what were trying to do it thread the needle the right way to balance the needs of our business with the needs of our customers and our consumers. We continue to have those dialogues and again I think if we continue to bring good strong value added innovation that meets consumer needs that well do alright.
Terry Bivens  JP Morgan: As you look at your inflation I think on the fourth quarter call you gave an estimate of 8% to 9%. Im taking from this call that maybe that number is held in advance for a while is that the right way to look at it?
Art Winkleblack: Its probably a little north of that would be our guess at this point in our forecast. We hope that it moderates but the 8% to 9% is probably at least 9% to 10% but well see. Certainly in the year end well see how it goes. Weve got about two thirds of our commodities contracted forward so we have pretty good visibility to where the year will come out.
Terry Bivens  JP Morgan: On the cash flow I wanted to follow up to Eric Katzmans question, you did about 1.2 last year in operating cash do you think youll land roughly in the same area this year and if you do Im sure Bill was being a little mischievous with his Campbell Soup comment but nonetheless there is a case to be made that you guys are pretty under levered cash flow looks robust no reason to believe otherwise. The question really does come up what do you intend to do with that?
Art Winkleblack: In answer to your first question the cash flow we focus on operating free cash flow so after capital spending as I told you we laid out a target of about $850 million I think that will be challenging but achievable number this year in the $850 million range. We are working very hard on the operating working capital side to deliver that. We feel good about our cash flow forecast as weve said were prioritizing the use of that cash first on dividends which we increased our dividend significantly this year which I think our shareholders appreciated. Also on good value added acquisitions and well keep going on that front. We do not anticipate at this point share repurchases any higher than the proceeds of options exercised.
Terry Bivens  JP Morgan: You guys are looking hard on the acquisition front right?
Art Winkleblack: Yes, we really are. With the strong organic growth that weve got we feel very good about that and we feel very good about the three core categories that weve staked out and theres just lots of good opportunities to bulk up those categories and to strengthen them on a global basis. The idea is to play to win in those categories globally. We are looking hard and the pipeline is a bit better than it had been over the last couple of years. Theres a bit more to look at and well see how we do.
Operator: Your next question comes from Todd Duvick  Bank of America Securities.
Todd Duvick  Bank of America Securities: Thanks for your comments on the acquisition front. I wanted to see if you could tie that in to your commitment to credit rating or how you think about the credit rating if you would for the right acquisition if you would consider going below investment grade for a period of time if it was a compelling acquisition?
Art Winkleblack: Especially these days, let me step back, we always want to be investment grade credit rating in stepping back from it these days thats very important even more important than usual. We hold that in high regard that is our target. Here again were always looking to drive shareholder value so we would certainly look at the larger acquisitions but over time the game plan is to be investment grade.
Todd Duvick  Bank of America Securities: Does that mean that you would consider using equity as a means of payment for part of an acquisition if you came up with something thats large?
Art Winkleblack: I wouldnt speculate on that at this point. If we ever got to that point I guess wed look at it but not something that Id talk about now.
Todd Duvick  Bank of America Securities: You do have an $800 million note, remarketable note that matures in December and a couple companies General Mills and Rubbermaid havent been real fond of the pricing that theyve got for their remarketable notes is that something that you plan to just remarket or would you consider just doing a regular debt deal instead?
Ed McMenamin: At this point we plan to remarket that. I know we did pretty well in what we just went out and did and thats our current plan.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Lazar  Lehman Brothers.
Andrew Lazar  Lehman Brothers: Perhaps you could give any color on if what youre feeling as around sort of take away vis a vis shipments to get a sense if pipeline fill might have been for new products either a factor or not really or even retailers that are potentially buying ahead of what they think will be likely further price increases not just from you but for the industry?
Art Winkleblack: We dont view pipeline as a factor in the quarter. We have a very successful innovation engine going here so youve always got new products coming in. All the products are in varying stages there but I think as we look at our trade inventories around the globe they are at very low levels so its not something that I view as a factor.
Andrew Lazar  Lehman Brothers: Just thinking out a little bit as youve talked about your costs and others are up dramatically year over year and even though some commodities have come off in recent weeks if you will youve talked about the need for further pricing well see more of a slant toward pricing going forward from you and Im assuming others as well. Have you seen any evidence of either retailers or competitors in various categories blinking at all based on the more recent moves in commodities even though on a year over year basis you and others are frankly trying to catch up.
Art Winkleblack: Those pricing conversations are always tough conversations. We try to be very sensitive to the consumers and customers. Were not seeing that we cant get the price through for the right reasons. These are commodity driven, were not looking to expand gross margin to any material degree in the short term. This is about balancing and keeping up and so I think you saw that commodities were higher than anticipated in Q1 so therefore weve flexed in our pricing is higher than anticipated. Well just be playing it by ear as the year goes along.
Meg Nollen: The only thing I would add is obviously it varies by market but overall every manufacturer is faced with the same factors in commodity increases so I would say that everyone is behaving accordingly.
Art Winkleblack: The key there really comes back to two key elements. The one is the brand strength that we have and again why its so important that we simplify and strengthen our portfolio over the last few years so that brand strength is very helpful factor to us and the other is that weve got to keep the innovation going.
Meg Nollen: The problems we had last year have moderated.
Andrew Lazar  Lehman Brothers: It looks like foreign exchange you did actually get some operating leverage on the EBIT line in Europe though not necessarily in North America. I didnt know if there was anything to read into that about what you may be doing in Europe thats allowed you to do that or if its just the way things flow through in a given quarter.
Art Winkleblack: Probably more how things flow through in a given quarter, it will obviously be somewhat variable in how much price versus volume and the timing of costs and the timing of SAP roll out and things like that. It will be variable but I think he focused on the full year and thats what were driving towards.
Ed McMenamin: I think I mentioned that the top line we certainly did get that benefit but as we drop down to operating income or EBIT we source between the Euro and the Pound and much of the gains on translation were wiped out this quarter when you compare the exchange between the Pound and the Euro has gone unfavorable for us from a sourcing perspective. Not a whole lot of benefit at the bottom line on that one.
Meg Nollen: Before we conclude todays call I just want to highlight upcoming marketing events. Heinz will be presenting at the Lehman Back to School Conference on Wednesday, September 4; I believe our speaking time is 1:30pm. Dave Moran, Executive Vice President and President, CEO of Heinz North America will be presenting. As always the Investor Relations team will be around all today and tomorrow to answer any questions or follow up you may have. Have a great day.

===== 2008 Q4  (2008-05-30 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Margaret Nollen  VP, Investor Relations William R. Johnson - Chairman, President and CEO Art Winkleblack - EVP and Chief Financial Officer Beth Eckenrode  VP and Chief Strategy Officer David Moran - EVP, President & CEO, Heinz North America Scott O'Hara - EVP, President & CEO, Heinz Europe Mike Milone - Sr. VP Australia/NZ - ROW and Enterprise Risk Management Chris Warmoth - Sr. VP, Heinz Asia 
Margaret Nollen: Good morning. I am Meg Nollen, Vice President of Investor Relations for the H. J. Heinz Company. I would like to welcome everyone today to our 2008 Investor Forum. For those of you attending todays session, all of your conference materials are included in the folder in front of you. Each presentation is separated by a tab and denoted by speaker and is numbered to coincide with todays agenda. The agenda, in the front of your folder, right behind it are speaker bios and our new statistical summary pages, which include five years of financial and operating history. For those of you on the simultaneous listen-only call or webcast, the presentation and stat pages are also available on our website at Heinz.com in the Investor section. We have a great morning planned for you, complete with presentations from each of our regional presidents. Our schedule today is quite full, so let me lay out the parameters and you can be prepared to get the maximum benefits. We have presentations scheduled throughout the morning, from 8:00-11:15 am. There will be two 15-minute breaks. To ensure we stay on schedule we have a single Q&A session at the end of our formal presentation. As a reminder, questions will only be taken from those attending todays presentation here in New York. Afterwards, for our attendees, we have incredible product samplings from around the Heinz world. With those formalities, before we begin, let me refer you to the forward-looking statement currently displayed. To summarize, during our presentation we may make predictive statements about our business that are intended to clarify results for your understanding. We ask you to refer to our May 2, 2007, Form 10-K, as well as todays press release, which include some factors which could cause actual results to differ materially from those in our predictions. Heinz undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise, except as required by securities law.  We may also use non-GAAP financial measures in our presentation as the company believes such measures allow for consistent period-to-period comparison of the business. The most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures are available in the companys earnings release and are included at the end of todays presentation. And now our day begins. Let me turn it over to Bill Johnson, Chairman, President, and CEO of H. J. Heinz Company.
William R. Johnson: Thank you, Meg. Good morning everyone. Bright and early, and if that last reading didnt put you to sleep, I feel pretty good about our prospects. Today the entire senior management team is here to present our new High-Performance Plan for fiscal 2009 and fiscal 2010. We are also going to briefly recap our fiscal 2008 results and summarize our performance against the commitments we made two years ago as part of our Superior Value & Growth Plan, which concluded at the end of April. I am pleased to report that we met or exceeded virtually every target established in the fiscal 2007 and fiscal 2008 plan and I would like to especially highlight our strong organic sales growth, our sustained investments in consumer marketing and in R&D, our 20% annualized revenue growth in emerging markets, and a number of others things as you can see on the slide. Notably, we also delivered more that $500 million in productivity savings and generated almost $1.8 billion in operating free cash flow, much of which we returned to our shareholders. A capstone of our plan was achieving the number one position in total shareholder return versus our peer group for the two-year period.  This was a time of significant challenge and equally great opportunity for the CPD industry. All you have to do is pick up USA Today and the Wall Street Journal today, and I think they do a pretty good job of summarizing the pressures we are all experiencing. This is very reminiscent of the late 70s and early 1980s as were dealing with the pressures of significant cost inflation, which in this instance has risen twice as fast in half the time, along with risk economies and related uncertain consumer behavior. Different today, however, is the presence of several countervailing trends, most notably the rapid growth in emerging markets and the accelerating consumer interest in health and wellness. Heinz is well positioned to capitalize on both these trends with a well-diversified geographic mix, great brands, rapidly growing scale in emerging markets, as you will see more on later, and a pipeline full of value-added innovations aimed at health and wellness as well as taste and convenience. Let me just take a moment to remind you of where weve come from. Suffice it to say, we delivered another exceptional year of growth in fiscal 2008, exceeding the top end of our sales, earnings, and cash flow goals. Art will provide a more detailed look at our results a little later, but by any measure it was clearly a successful year, highlighted by record sales of almost $10.1 billion. The companys current momentum is broad-based with sustained success in North American Consumer Products, robust growth in the Pacific where we are emerging as a significant player, increasingly good performance in Europe, and accelerating growth in emerging markets. Later this morning we will provide a panoramic picture of our emerging market business to help you better understand just how well positioned we are and why we believe that these businesses could represent as much as 20% of Heinzs sales by fiscal 2013.  Our average growth rate of 6% from organic sales over the last two years reflects the contributions of a much improved leadership team, as well as more aggressive investments in consumer-driven innovation and marketing. Our ground building investments have proven to be particularly timely given the current cost environment and they have enabled us to balance growth, productivity, and price to optimize the short- and long-term health of our business. Before we review the details of our new plan, let me take a minute to describe the sustainable growth platform we have built and the reasons we are confident in the raised two-year outlook that we will share later this morning and was highlighted in the press release.  Over the past five years we have transformed the Heinz culture into one of growth, innovation, and superior performance. This progress reflects five fundamental changes.  First, we refocused the company against three core categories in a portfolio of leading brands. Second, we expanded aggressively, and frankly, early, to build scale and effective management in emerging markets. Third, we substantially ramped up investments in consumer research, marketing, and R&D. Fourth, we achieved real breakthroughs in productivity and have set the stage for future improvements to be enabled by our SAP roll out. And most importantly, we have built a world-class leadership team motivated by the creation of shareholder value. Now let me just briefly address each one of these things. First, our portfolio is totally different than it was just five years ago. In the first half of this decade, as most of you are aware, we reshaped Heinz around three core categories. We divested over $3 billion of non-core commoditized businesses for relaxed scale and competitive advantage and we added about $1.5 billion of new revenue in core categories and faster growing emerging markets. Consequently, our three core categories now represent abut 96% of our sales and profit and each is showing consistent growth, as illustrated on the chart, led by Infant nutrition. Our ketchup, condiments/sauces, and meals and snacks categories are also demonstrating robust growth, as you can see. Our tighter focus clearly contributed to the acceleration of our growth but it also enabled us to expedite a series of productivity initiatives highlighted by significant reductions in trade spending, SG&A, and fixed costs, and the elimination of more than a quarter of our manufacturing facilities and thousands of SKUs. We now have a focused and very efficient stable of 15 powerful and growing brand equities that drive approximately 70% of our sales. The jewel in the crown is the nearly $4 billion Heinz brand, which commands extraordinary reach across all of our categories in many of our markets. All of these brands drive at least $100 million in sales and we expect another four brands to surpass the $100 million mark by the end of this planned period. In commenting on this sharper focus we acquired and built strong business with scalable brands and infrastructure in a number of emerging markets which in total have grown more than 40% in the past two years. These businesses are contributing differentially to our results as Chris, Scott, and Mike will show you later this morning during the panel discussion. Third, as I said, we substantially ramped up investments in R&D and marketing while putting the consumer at the forefront of all we do to drive a culture of innovation. We have strengthened our market research capabilities across the organization and increased R&D investment at a double-digit rate in each of the past four years, in addition to deploying significant capital to a new innovation center in Pittsburgh. As a result, we have built an 18-24 month innovation pipeline in our core categories across most of our businesses. To drive awareness and trial of our brands we increased marketing by almost $115 million, or more than 40%, during the past two years. Importantly, this investment successfully drove the growth of our top 15 brands at a compound rate of 12% over the two years. Fourth, we made significant improvements in productivity and began the journey to upgrade our global business processes and systems. I am confident that our initiatives to broadly expand our customized planning process, launch the global Heinz Marketing and Procurement Academies, implement the new waste reduction effort, commence the global roll out of SAP, and optimize trade spending will enable further growth and productivity gains, as Art will show you later. Fifth, and most importantly and often overlooked, we built a great team by attracting and developing talented people to lead our key businesses and drive superior results. We have recruited eight players across this organization, while promoting proven performers and applying some of our best talent into underperforming business units to improve their results. Importantly, nearly all of our business units are now led by experienced native talent with deep local-market and consumer knowledge. 75% of our top 100 leaders are new to their jobs within the last five years and between 30%-40% are new to the company. And as you will hear, we have introduced reward metrics to concentrate their efforts on the creation of value for our shareholders. Combined, these changes have institutionalized the culture of superior performance. While our business was evolving we continued to drive superior cash flow, $6.5 billion of which we returned to our shareholders in the past five years in the form of dividends and share repurchases. Our approximately 60% dividend pay-out ratio is among the highest in the CPG industry and we announced good news on that front earlier this morning. With that broad overview of how we established a platform for sustainable growth and superior value and performance for our owners, let me turn it over to Art for just a few minutes to recap fiscal 2008 before I return to discuss our new High-Performance Plan.
Art Winkleblack: Thanks, Bill, and good morning everyone. As Bill mentioned, were very pleased with our results for fiscal 2008 and in this portion of todays agenda I will take you through a quick review of these results, both for the year and for the fourth quarter, and then put this performance into the broader context of our two-year Super Value & Growth Plan. Highlights for the year include double-digit growth at both the top and bottom line, with sales up 12% and EPS up 11%. Importantly, we were able to accomplish this while significantly increasing our commercial investment levels. We increased marketing support by 15% and continue to ramp up our innovation capabilities with 17% higher spending on R&D. This speaks to very high-quality earnings during a year in which we had to fend off the impact of significant commodity cost increases. Now taking a look at our standard P&L scorecard, we topped $10 billion in sales for the first time in company history. Strong top line growth, aided by continuing reductions in our trade spending levels, overcame the impact of commodities and higher marketing spending to drive operating income growth of 8.5%. The increase was effectively leveraged to EPS growth of approximately 11% and at $2.63, we exceeded the top end of our original EPS range by $0.03. Drilling down on the full-year income statement, you can see that gross profit increased 8.5% powered by our strong top line growth. Importantly, we were able to offset much of the 120 basis point reduction in gross margin by a 75 basis point improvement in SG&A, ex-marketing. The higher EPS reflects strong operating income growth and the impact of our share repurchase program, which resulted in 3.2% fewer shares outstanding this year.  The tax rate of 30.6% was up 100 basis points from fiscal 2007 and was in line with our full-year expectations. With regard to sales growth, we generated 6.9% organic growth for the year. Thats well ahead of target and well ahead of the growth generated by many of our peers. Importantly, we delivered this growth on top of 4.8% adjusted organic growth last year.  Overall, increases in volume at 3.6%, net pricing at 3.3%, and foreign exchange at 5.1% were only partially offset by net divestures of 0.2%. On a global basis every one of our segments delivered organic sales growth during fiscal 2008. Organic sales in the Rest Of The World grew at almost 20%, driven primarily by very strong results in Latin American Infant Nutrition, condiments, and sauces. Asia/Pacific had an excellent year with organic sales growth at 9%, primarily reflecting volume growth of 6.5%. India, China, Indonesia, and Australia led the way, driven by strong innovation, increased marketing, and great sales execution. Europe posted organic sales growth of almost 8% for the year, with volume up at 4.5%. Strong volume gains were largely attributable to outstanding performances by the Heinz, Pudliszki, Weight Watchers, and Honig brands. North American Consumer Products again generated strong organic sales growth, up 7%, with a very healthy balance of volume and net pricing, as both were up 3.5% for the year. The growth was led by Smart Ones, Boston Market, and Classico pasta sauces. U.S. Foodservice organic sales were up 0.6%, driven by favorable net pricing of 1.7%, largely due to price increases on ketchup, frozen soup, and tomato products. Volume decreased by 1%, primarily resulting from the reduced guest traffic reported by many of our Foodservice customers. Now, importantly, in this difficult commodity-cost environment, we were able to get net pricing in every segment of our business. As I noted earlier, gross profits of $3.7 billion increased a very strong 8.5% for the year. This reflects higher volume, increase pricing, and continued productivity gains across the business. We achieved this despite posting a lower gross profit margin. The 120 basis point decline reflects the fact that pricing and productivity improvements were more than offset by increased commodity costs. The cost of virtually all of our ingredients went up, led by increases of more than 25% on edible oils, processed grains, and dairy. In this time of very high commodity cost inflation we believe that our focus on growing gross profit dollars is the correct path, even if we need to sacrifice some margin in the near term. Turning to profitability, all segments posted excellent profit growth, with the exception of Foodservice. We drove strong double-digit profit increases in Asia/Pacific, the Rest Of The World, and Europe and delivered an 8% increase in North American Consumer Products. Great growth in the Asia/Pacific primarily reflects excellent profit momentum in Australia and Indonesia, while the Rest Of The World segments generated strong results in Africa/Middle East, Latin America, and in our small but fast growing business in South Africa. Europes double-digit bottom line growth primarily reflects the continuing turnaround in the UK and strong results in our emerging market businesses in Russia and Poland. 8% growth in North American Consumer Products was led by the U.S. frozen business and by a very strong year in Canada. Operating income in U.S. Foodservice decreased 22%, reflecting relatively flat volumes, high commodity cost inflation, and investments to streamline the business. Volume was impacted by softness in the U.S. Foodservice industry and declines in our non-branded business. The commodity inflation rate in Foodservice hit 12% for the year, significantly higher than the rates in the rest of our business. And lastly, we rationalized our portion-pack business and streamlined administrative activities, which cost up about $10 million, virtually all of which came in the fourth quarter. For the year, operating income benefited from favorable foreign exchange, but that benefit was dwarfed by the significant inflation in commodity markets. Turning now to our balance sheet scorecard, we exceeded our plan for operating free cash flow, generating $895 million for the year. This was achieved with a 49-day cash conversion cycle, which was flat the prior year, and a 30 basis point increase in CapEx, to 3% of sales.  Net debt increased by $210 million, or about 5%. This reflects our share repurchase activity for the year, but importantly, net debt grew at a rate less than our profit growth. ROIC increased by 100 basis points for the full year. This was generated primarily by the impact of FAS 158 accounting that we adopted at the end of last fiscal year. But we are pleased that we organically increased our ROIC by 10 basis points while growing a top line of a double-digit rate, investing in new capacity, completing two acquisitions, and offsetting the impact of a higher tax rate. Taking a closer look at working capital, our flat CCC reflects a 2-day improvement in payables, offset by a 2-day increase in inventories. Days in inventory increased this year due to the acceleration of our volume projectories and related to capacity constrains and supply chain issues in a number of areas. With regard to net debt, the increase was in line with our plan and in fact, represents an improvement in our leverage position, as net debt to EBITDA declined to 2.4x from 2.5x in the prior year. Now finishing off the full-year discussion, here are the details behind our cash flow. Operating free cash flow was $17 million higher than last year, despite the fact that we paid out roughly $60 million more in capital expenditures and received $50 million less for disposals of PP&E. The keys to improving our cash flow were the increase in reported net income, lower cash tax payments in the current year, and prior year payments for work force reductions related to fiscal 2006. Partially offsetting these improvements were higher working capital levels related to our incremental $1 billion of sales in fiscal 2008. Now, below operating free cash flow, you can see net share repurchases came in on target at $502 million and our annual dividend used about $485 million of cash. Our accomplishments for the full year are the main story of the earnings release today, but to be complete, we also wanted to briefly summarize the fourth quarter for you. In delivering the full-year P&L, the fourth quarter came in above our expectations. Sales for the quarter were up approximately 11% and EPS for the quarter of $0.61 was also up 11%. Taking a quick look at the fourth quarter P&L, volume, net price, and productivity gains more than offset commodity increases to generate a 6% increase in gross profit. In Q4 we set a new quarterly record for consumer marketing spending at $107 million. Thats up slightly from the previous record we set in Q4 last year.  SG&A, excluding marketing, was up 10% for the quarter, largely reflecting about $20 million for streamlining and mobilization of task forces. After the impact of these investments, operating income was up 2%, which was effectively leveraged to higher EPS growth through lower net interest, a lower effective tax rate, and fewer shares outstanding. Fourth quarter contained our strong organic sales growth trend, up 5.7%. Volume improved 1.2%, led by our businesses in the UK, Australia, and Canada. Pricing was up 4.5% for the quarter, representing the highest quarterly increase in net pricing in more than five years. Foreign exchange rats were very favorable for the quarter as well, contributing 5.6% toward growth, as we continued to benefit from our strong international portfolio. Now, all of our operating segments continued to generate organic sales growth in the fourth quarter with the exception of Foodservice. The growth was led by the Rest Of The World, Asia/Pacific, and Europe. North American Consumer Products was up 3.3%, reflecting strong net pricing of 4.3% and a volume decline of 1%. The lower volume solely relates to the impact of normal trade buy-ins and advance of Ore-Ida price increases late in the fourth quarter of last year and at the end of the third quarter of this year. Turning to profitability, all segments were better than prior year with the exception of Foodservice and the non-operating area. Similar to the full year, we drove strong double-digit increases in the Rest Of The World, Asia/Pacific, and Europe, and posted a high single-digit increase in North American Consumer Products. Foodservice was down $19 million, given lower volume higher commodity cost and about $10 million that we invested in the business during the quarter to help build for the future. Similarly, expenses in the non-operating area were up $9 million, primarily reflecting spending on our global task forces. Finally, as we complete our earnings release discussion, we are pleased with the way we finished the fiscal year. We delivered 11% growth at both the top and bottom line in the quarter. Importantly, we were able to post these double-digit increases while continuing to invest for the future. We set an all time quarterly record for spending on consumer marketing, we increased R&D by 18%, we reduced headcount and rationalized the factory foot print in Foodservice, we consolidated leadership of our entire UK business under David Woodward by folding our frozen business into the base UK operation, and finally, we accelerated our task force investments in order to continue our global capabilities and improving our global capabilities and productivity. Overall, for the full year we made discretionary investments of approximately $25 million to build value for the future, and as we look forward we anticipate increasing this investment even further. But thats getting ahead of the story. We will save more on that for later. Now let me shift gears here. As I mentioned at the outset, I would like to take a few minutes and put FY2008 into the context of the Super Value & Growth Plan that we launched two years ago. That plan provided clear P&L and balance sheet targets for both fiscal 2007 and fiscal 2008. This earnings release marks the completion of that plan so I thought it would be worthwhile to take a look back and check on our progress. As Bill mentioned, we exceeded the target for the three key P&L measures of sales, operating income, and EPS. At 9%, we grew sales well above the two-year target of around 3.5%, largely reflecting strong organic growth of almost 6%. Operating income grew at about 8% per year, up 110 basis points from the annual target. Overall, strong top line growth and productivity more than offset higher commodity costs, incremental marketing investments, and the cost for streamlining in task forces. EPS grew at a very robust rate, up almost 12%. Higher operating income and somewhat lower tax rate drove the upside of almost 200 basis points versus our target. Now, as you recall, we set specific targets in three broad areas: growing the portfolio; reducing costs that drive margins; and generating cash to deliver superior value. Its worth reiterating that we met, or exceeded, the key operational goals in each of these areas.  The only goals we did not achieve related to margins, both at the gross profit and operating income levels. In each case this was due to much higher than anticipated commodity inflation that we, and the rest of the industry, experienced.  We did, however, significantly exceed our dollar targets for both gross profit and operating income. We believe that in this time of high commodity cost inflation its best to focus on dollar growth, not purely on margin. Now lets take a little deeper look at performance against some of the growth targets we set. A key measure to health in any business is the consistency of the organic growth in price. Two years ago we anticipated growing the combination of volume and price at an annual rate of about 3%. After adjusting for the impact of the extra week in Q4 of 2006, we exceeded that mark in every one of the last eight quarters. This basically give us a string of 12 straight quarters of positive organic top line momentum. Importantly, we increased consumer marketing at a double-digit rate in six out of the last eight quarters in order to help sustain this growth. Two years ago our emerging markets were 11% of total sales, and I think a bit overlooked by the outside world. At that time we set our goal to grow these businesses at a rate of at least 10% per year. The actual rate, we doubled the target, growing sales at 20%. We were aided a bit by foreign exchange, but the real story was organic growth of 16% each year. So now emerging markets are 13% of total sales and 26% of our total top line growth. This is a critical part of the story since we made double-digit operating margins in these markets and they are cash-flow positive. Bill mentioned it already, but a key driver behind our growth has been the increased marketing investment and R&D investment. Marketing is up 19% per year while R&D increased at an annual rate of 18%. These investments have gone hand in hand with our better commercial talent and upgraded innovation processes to drive strong organic growth. Now lets take a quick look at the results in the area of productivity and reducing costs. For a number of years weve been working to improve the effectiveness and efficiency of our trade spending. This has involved organizational changes, [inaudible] upgrades, system improvements, and increasing partnering with our trade customers. As a continuation of this effort, the Superior Value & Growth Plan called for a reduction of 140 basis points in discounts and allowances. As you can see, we exceeded this goal by 30 basis points, reducing global trade spending to 16.4% of gross sales.  Importantly, this has not been a unilateral process. We have worked collaboratively with our trade customers to make this a win-win effort. Going forward there will always be opportunity to be more efficient with our trade funds, but we do not expect this to be a big story in the future. Turning to gross profits, back in fiscal 2006 we had a gross margin of 3.8% and we set a goal to grow that by 170 basis points. This translated to a gross profit target of about $3.5 billion in fiscal 2008. Our actual results have come in quite different. You can see that our FY2008 gross margin was 36.5%, or 200 basis points short of the target. This reflects commodity inflation of about 3x the level we had anticipated, a 200 basis point variance from the plan. Net pricing and productivity came in 110 basis points better than target but only offset a portion of the unfavorable variance in commodities.  Despite this margin shortfall, we think we have taken the right approach as we exceeded the gross profit target by $200 million, or almost 6%. By utilizing all available leverage, including new products, volume growth, pricing, productivity, and foreign exchange, we successfully offset commodity costs and maintained strong momentum at the top and bottom line. Now lets look at the information, its basically the same information, from a different angle. In setting aside the targets that we had set, its important to note that we held gross margins relatively constant over the two-year period, down just 30 basis points, despite a two-year impact on gross margin of 410 basis points. Over the two years strong pricing and productivity gains offset virtually all of the commodity headwinds and have helped enable us to increase gross profit by $0.5 billion, an annual growth rate of 7.5%. A key element in the battle to offset the impact of commodity inflation is the leverage of SG&A. In fiscal 2006 SG&A, excluding marketing, was 18.1% of sales and we set the target to reduce that by 60 basis points. For the two years we reduced overhead spending by 90 basis points, 30 basis points better than planned. I am particularly pleased with this result since we achieved it while absorbing the impact of the change in option accounting, related changes to our incentive compensation systems, double-digit increases in R&D spending, and a number of investments in the business to enhance productivity, going forward. The ultimate proof that our growth and productivity initiatives worked is that we delivered very consistent operating income growth during the plan. Operating income grew almost 8%, and, again, I think that is very high quality growth, as we invested in the business while offsetting the significant commodity headwinds. As a final perspective here, 4x clearly provided benefits to operating income but with less than one quarter of the impact from higher commodity costs. To round off the discussion of the Superior Value & Growth Plan, lets now take a look at our cash flow performance. After a number of years of very strong cash flow performance, we set out to generate another $1.65 billion of operating free cash flow in fiscal 2007 and fiscal 2008. In both years we exceeded target, posting a Q1OFCF of almost $1.8 billion. This is $123 million above target. And for perspective, our two-year operating free cash flow averaged 9.3% of sales and 109% of net income. Now a key driver in achieving our strong cash flow results was a significant reduction in our cash conversion cycle. We reduced CCC by 7 days, or more than 12%, as we lowered DSL by 2 days, held DII flat, and increased DPO by 5 days. We achieved the entire 7-day reduction in FY2007 and held CCC flat in FY2008 as we overcame capacity constraints and supply chain issues in delivering accelerated volume growth during the year. Looking forward, we believe that we still have significant opportunity to improve our DII performance over the next few years. Our strong cash flow performance enabled us to increase our dividend at a very competitive rate. Over the last two years we have raised the annual dividend by $0.32, a compound growth rate of almost 13%. And as we have discussed for a long time now, we target our dividend pay-out ratio to around 60%. Weve also used our strong cash flow to drive down our fully-diluted share base. Our target was to execute 1 billion net share repurchases over the two-year plan, and we have achieved that target. As a result, we brought down fully-diluted shares by about 6%, to 322 million in FY2008. So after combining dividends and net share repurchases over the last two years, we returned more than $2 billion to shareholders. In summary, we feel very good about the progress weve made on the Superior Value & Growth Plan for fiscal 2007 and fiscal 2008. We met or exceeded virtually all of our key operational and financial targets. We did this while offsetting unprecedented commodity headwinds. Through consistent investment in the business we believe that we are well positioned for the future and, as I hope you will see over the next couple of hours, we have a solid plan in place to continue driving strong organic growth, productivity, and cash flow. Now with that, let me turn it over to Bill to launch our next two-year plan.
William R. Johnson: Its always fun to look back when youre doing well, but you dont care and we dont care. So lets talk about what were going to do going forward. Were obviously very encouraged by our success but we still see abundant opportunities for growth. We have capitalized on many of these opportunities, as you will see, in developing a new two-year plan which raises our outlook in several key areas. Weve raised our sales goal to 6+% on an annualized basis. We will continue to increase consumer marketing 8%-12%, operating income growth of 6%-7% annually, earnings per share growth of 8%-11% annually, and operating free cash flow of around $850+/- million.  We will continue to use cash flow to create value for our shareholders. We are increasing our annualized dividend by 9.2%, to $1.66 per share, beginning with the July 2008 quarterly payment. This projected increase of $0.14 compares favorably to last years increase of $0.12. And as I mentioned, we intend to target a pay-out ratio of around 60%. Our new plan is built on the four strategic pillars we have reviewed with you in the past and on which our success in the past two years rest. Namely: grow the core portfolio; accelerate growth in emerging markets; strengthen the leveraged global scale; and make talent an advantage. Lets look at each one in more detail, starting with growing the core portfolio. We possess tremendous brand power and leading market shares in virtually all of our businesses across the globe. Across the world, we are focused on driving these equities even harder through increased innovation, marketing, and productivity to sustain our faster growth. Each of the operating heads will show you those trends and those actions later.  An essential cog in our growth strategy is an increased emphasis on wellness. The opportunity to further develop our position is the rationale for the global Health and Wellness task forces that I established last year. I am pleased by some early success in transferring knowledge and capabilities across the globe and by our efforts to leverage internal R&D expertise, as well as explore new partnerships with academic and research organizations.  Its clear that more consumers are making conscious efforts to live healthier lives and are looking to food to help them achieve that goal. This trend cuts across all age groups, from babies to boomers, and we are well positioned for this opportunity. We have very strong businesses in Infant Nutrition and we have Weidht Management capabilities that are superior to any of our peer companies. We also have leading positions in tomato-based foods, beans, soups, and other inherently good-for-you products. In Infant Nutrition we posses two strong brands, Heinz and Plasmon, and we are for the first time building increased global R&D capabilities in this category, with an expanded R&D center of excellence in Milan.  Weidht Management, meanwhile, is a long-standing Heinz competency that is absolutely on trend. The combination of our Weight Watchers and Smart Ones from Weight Watchers brands creates the second largest equity in the company and nearly $800 million in sales and is among our two fastest growing businesses.  Dave, Scott, and Mike will detail how we are innovating and marketing in these businesses to expand them into more categories and geographies across the globe. We expect these businesses to surpass $1 billion in sales within the next few years. In addition to our focus on Health and Wellness, we continue to upgrade taste and convenience at our other leading brands, like Ore-Ida potatoes and TGIF Fridays with the introduction of two break-through ideas that Dave Moran will speak to you about a little later in the program. We are also working to improve their nutritional profiles. We plan to launch at least 200 new products in each of the plan years, supported by double-digit growth and R&D investment, with the expectation of ultimately deriving about 15% of our fiscal 2000[?] in sales from products launched within the last 36 months. As I said earlier, we also expect to increase marketing by 8%-12% in each of the next two years in support of these new products and our emerging market growth. We have prepared a montage of commercials to provide some perspective on our global advertising spend and how we engage consumers across the Heinz world. [video played] We drive the Board and our lawyers crazy with that advertising from Australia. The duck commercial is one weve used before in Canada, which I think speaks to the efficiency of having a concentrated portfolio of brands. Three or four of those ads were developed in other countries. We simply changed the language, moved them somewhere else, thereby saving the talent and production charges.  I do have to say on the duck ad, I was asked at an annual meeting two years ago by an older woman who came up to me. She said, You know, I have some ducks in my back yard. How do you train them to do that? You think your questions are tough. I love the warped sense of humors of the guys down under, but as Ive often said, television represents only a small part of our marketing story. We utilize media that delivers the best measured return on investments for each of our brands, in each of our markets, whether its TV, print, radio, or the Internet. While our focus is clearly on leveraging our existing portfolio, we have broadened our search for appropriate acquisitions and are actually seeing more opportunities in the $50 million-$150 million range that weve seen in a number of years. We will look for these to strengthen our presence in emerging markets and extend our Health and Wellness portfolio.  We added two small but very promising core businesses in fiscal 2008, Cottees and Roses branded jams toppings and spreads business in Australia and New Zealand, and the Wyko Satsaus in the Netherlands. We intend to grow these brands aggressively through innovation fueled by significant cost synergies we are getting as we integrate these business into our existing infrastructure. I cant talk about growth with addressing the Foodservice business. Heinz unquestionably is one of the best Foodservices businesses in the U.S. with a distinguished growth resume. While we continue to see robust Foodservice growth in the UK, China, Russia, and elsewhere, our U.S. business has not performed up to our historic standards. This is primarily a function of disproportionate and unfavorable commodity cost impact on this business, as Art referenced earlier, and the reduced foot traffic we are seeing in a number of our customers.  We have spent a lot of time on this situation, and as Dave will discuss later, we sense a changing U.S. Foodservice environment that requires a somewhat modified strategy. We are modestly shifting our focus to drive more innovation in our unique core of Foodservice brands, while we also work to simplify and reposition the business to cut costs and capitalize on the channel opportunities that are emerging as Retail and Foodservice continues to blur. We are also attacking overcapacity in the Foodservice supply chain, as Art mentioned, and while our High-Performance Plan does not assume any improvement in our Foodservice results in fiscal 2009, let me repeat that, we are not assuming any improvement in Foodservice in 2009, we expect all the actions will eventually position that business for better growth as macroeconomic conditions improve. Now I would like to discuss our plans to accelerate growth in emerging markets. While many of our peers are just beginning to explore these markets, we believe Heinz has an advantage position as a result of our well-established profitable and growing local brands, as well as a burgeoning high-end brand of ketchup and Infant Nutrition business.  We are highly focused on these markets, with six core brands representing the bulk of our sales and growth: Heinz, Complan, Glucon-D, ABC, LongFong, and Pudliszki. Five of these brands are on target to deliver $100 million or more in sales in fiscal 2009. Our emerging markets represent, as Art said, about 13% of total Heinz sales and approximately a quarter of our growth. We expect these markets to grow at rates in the high teens for the foreseeable future, while accelerating their contributions to 1/3 of Heinzs sales growth and at least 15% of our total sales by 2010 and 20% by fiscal 2013. We will continue investing differentially in R&D, marketing, new capacity, and in particular, in management talent, in these markets, to support our aggressive growth plans.  Expanding our presence in existing, and possible a few select new markets, through M&A is an attractive opportunity we are also actively pursuing and exploring, given a very successful track record of identifying and executing joining ventures in acquisitions in this part of the world. The third leg of our strategy is to strengthen the leverage of our global scale to drive innovation and enhance productivity and to continue sharing our talent across businesses, depending on their individual needs. This strategy is obviously taking on heightened importance given the impressive cost inflation that is buffeting the CPG industry. You are all aware of the commodity cost pressures arising from the perfect storm of increased demand and a developing world along with food to fuel policies in developed economies, the drought in Australia, and the impact of trade barriers on crop mobility. The work of the global supply chain task force that I established last year to identify new productivity and opportunities is of critical importance in responding to this new environment. The focus on continuous improvement and productivity, combined with appropriate pricing, is going to be essential and is planned to help offset the unabated commodity inflation that we expect over the next couple of years.  We believe that our ability to overcome these pressures is significantly enhanced by the strength of our brands, not only in the U.S. but around the world, our lack of dependence on any one raw material, and the geographic breadth and balance of our portfolio, as well as a pipeline of value-added innovations which will support premium pricing. In fact, when you invest in Heinz, you invest in a very efficient global play that is as naturally well-hedged against sector volatility as anyone in this industry. We are looking at opportunities to further optimize our manufacturing and distribution footprint during the next two years and project that we might add an additional five to six plants and ten to fifteen distribution centers over that period, while selectively adding capacity in certain areas of the business to meet rising demand. As Art said, one of our biggest issues in fiscal 2007 and fiscal 2008 has been service related to the fact that we pushed our volume well beyond what all of us initially thought. We are particularly looking at expanding capacity in our frozen business in the U.S. and in several of our key businesses in Asia, where we are growing, as Art said, at twice the rate of our target of two years ago. Let me take a moment to discuss our progress in a very topical area of sustainability, one of the favorite areas of the media right now, and quite frankly, one of the favorite areas of discussion with our customers. This would be a key focus of the productivity plan. On Tuesday we announced a series of related goals highlighted by a reduction in greenhouse gas emissions by 20% by the year 2015. We have numerous global initiatives in place to reduce non-value added packaging, increased use of recycled materials, lower energy consumption, conserve water, and increase our use of renewable energy sources across the company and in particular, in some of our plants. These initiatives are important to the communities in which we operate and reflect our heritage as a socially responsible company. They will also be important to building even greater partnerships with our customers, many of whom are pioneering this movement to sustainability. I am proud to say that we have received wide-spread recognition for our work to date.  This brings me to the fourth leg of our strategy, to make talent an advantage. Our results confirm that we have some of the best talent in the packaged food industry and absolutely the most talented team in my tens years as CEO and 26 years in this company. Attracting and developing A players to fill gaps and build bench strength is a top priority of senior management as it is elsewhere. This is not as easy as it sounds, as I think others are finding out. It requires systemic investments in recruiting, training, development, and evaluation. Consequently, we have greatly strengthened our training regimen to improve our functional skill sets and also developed a people management capabilities of the next generation of Heinz leaders with particular attention to sensitizing them about the cultural nuances of a global company like ours. In a competitive market for talent we are pursuing numerous programs, including short-term rotational assignments on an international basis, increased recruitment in the developing world, and a diversity initiative to develop a workforce more reflective of our consumer base. Much of my own time is being devoted to recruitment, leadership development, and fostering improved teamwork across the company. We have implemented what we believe is a best-in-class reward system for our people, based on metrics that align them with the creation of shareholder value. Our reward system balances short-term goals in sales, operating income, EPS, and free cash flow with longer-term measures including a return on invested capital and total shareholder return. To quickly recap, we have once again set aggressive targets for the next two years. I hope you share our confidence in the new plan, which each of our operating heads will speak to more detail in, in a few minutes. Now we would like to take a 10 or 15 minute break at which time we will provide you with more perspective on the relevant consumer trends affecting our business and how we are aligned to capital on it. Our regional presidents will then outline their plans and their strategies for each of their respective markets, including what I think you will find a very eye-opening panel discussion on our emerging market business. [break] Try to keep us on time today. Next up is Beth Eckenrode who will be speaking on industry trends and Heinzs strengths.
Beth Eckenrode: Good morning. Were going to spend our time this morning talking about industry strengths, industry trends, and strengths, and why are trends and strengths important. Well, there are two strategic questions any company must be able to answer. The first one is where will the industry be three to five years from now? The second one is how do a companys strengths enable it to responds to those industry trends in a way that outperforms competitors more effectively than the competition can do? We are going to lay out key trends. Were going to lay out five key trends into two trends. Were going to follow that up talking about Heinzs strengths. Weve selected a bunch of Heinzs strengths to tell you about today. And then were going to bring them together in a way that shows you how Heinzs strengths take advantage of these trends to drive growth. Lets start with trends. Here are the five that we want to talk about today. These trends challenge the industry in a number of ways. They challenge the industry on the cost side, they challenge the industry to innovate, and they challenge the industry to reach the worlds most rapidly growing populations.  The first trend is a significant increase in commodity inflation, which has put in question the relationship between the health of the global economy and food prices. The expanding middle classes in China and India are fundamentally changing demand, while the food to fuel phenomenon is significantly impacting supply. Will commodities returned to the cyclical nature of the past? We dont know. What we do know is that every food company needs to be able to perform in either environment. Now trend two reminds us of how quickly emerging markets are growing relative to developed markets. The choices we have made in the past have established us as a major food producer in many of these rapidly growing countries. Our six key emerging markets are listed on the right: China, Russia, Indonesia, India, Poland, and Latin America. Trend number three is about consumers desire to be healthier and the part food plays in that quest. Over the next few years its expected that Health and Wellness products will grow 1.5x-2x average packaged food. The key for food companies is to determine how their capabilities and strengths best position them to respond to consumers needs. The fourth trend weve been watching is about age. How the rapid growth in the over-50 group will impact food consumption around the world. This is not just a developed country trend. We see this broadly. A rapidly growing older population will effect the choices people make in what they eat, where they eat, and how the food must be packaged.  At the bottom here is a mind-blowing statistic. And its from Mackenzies 2008 Aging Consumer Initiative. Through 2015, 96% of the growth in spending on food at home will be spent by consumers over 50. The last trend is around ethnicity and diversity and how they effect consumers demand for food. For example, in the U.S., Hispanics will make up about 16% of total U.S. population by 2010. That is three full percentage points higher in just ten years. Similarly in Europe, the foreign-born population, which is how they track diversity, is experiencing relatively the same growth. In both cases we need to consider how we react to changing consumer needs and expectations.  So those are five key industry trends. I want now layer on some Heinz strengths.  Clearly, the number one strength at Heinz is our stable of brands. Then there is our broad and diverse presence to serve consumers all over the world. Third, our local execution model, which well spend some time on today, is how we tailor our approach by country to ensure rapid success. Our fourth strength is our product portfolio and Health and Wellness, but more importantly, the consumer-oriented approach we take to prioritize in the middle of the Health and Wellness category. And last on our list of strengths, I hope to share with you something you didnt know about our vast [inaudible] capability. Our first strength is a bit obvious. Heinz has a stable of brands. And there is one really big horse in that stable. A recent Harris poll determined that Heinz Ketchup and Coke are the most familiar brands in the U.S. The University of Michigan has an index and it basically evaluates all products and services from all companies in all industries in the U.S. The University of Michigan awarded Heinz the highest customer satisfaction rating for the eighth year in a row. Now those of us in the U.S. know the Heinz brand of ketchup. The next slide will tell you how the rest of the world thinks about the Heinz brand. Each green dot on this chart means that Heinz is number one or number two in a segment in our three core categories. In the UK, as Scott will detail later, Heinz means beans, soup, sauces, pasta, and instant nutrition. Earlier this year we were also voted one of Britains best-loved household brands. In China Heinz means baby food and in Australia were known for our soups, among many other products. The Heinz brand comprises about 40% of total sales, and as you can see, that brand gets around. Now this slide shows our top 15 brands, which make up 70% of our sales. A U.S. consumer may not recognize all those brands. But if she were in Indonesia she would know ABC. And if she were in New Zealand she would know Watties. And if she were in Italy the first thing she would feed a new baby would be Plasmon. So how strong are our brands?  We use Millward Brown to conduct global brand equity studies. They are probably the leading research company on brand equity tracking and advertising. The quantitative research generates many outputs but this 2x2 visual is the best way to show strength of brands. Let me explain it to you. On the bottom axis there is something called presence. Presence is basically a composite of several measures which together tell you how top-of-mind your brand is with consumers. On the vertical axis you will see voltage, or another way to say it is image impact, which again is a composite of several measures.  These two axes together then describe how consumers feel about the strength of your brand. Obviously you want to be in the top right-hand quadrant of this 2x2. According to Millward Brown, less than 40% of brands make it to that quadrant. At Heinz we have a little more than our fair share. We have about 50% on an NFB basis, 50% of our products are represented by the dots in that upper right-hand quadrant, which is called strong equity. You will also hear a great deal about our diverse geographic presence, which we consider our second strength. Heinz has 60% of sales outside the U.S. with significant positions in many countries. This diversity in geographic presence positions us well to pursue growth opportunities wherever they are. Our third strength is our local market execution model, which assumes that food is local. We have a proven capability in generating meaningful consumer insights and we work very hard at this. We have a Heinz marketing academy, an R&D summit that brings together leaders from all the world to share best practices and continue to develop this capability. But let me give you an example of this capability at work. In Australia, we have the Big Eats brand with flavors like chicken and vegetable curry, tailored to Australian tastes. In the UK we market roast parsnip and caramelized onion soup in our Heinz Farmers Market line to cater to British tastes. So when we talk about our local market execution market, we mean that we leverage capabilities but we localize our execution to specific markets and specific consumers at ground level. This model is easily applicable to emerging markets. Our emerging markets grew 25% in FY2008. We have deep histories and leading brands in these geographies. For example, the Pudliszki brand has a 90-year history in Poland. Generations of people in Poland know and remain true to this brand. In India the Complan brand has been there for 44 years. This nutritional supplement is being enjoyed by a third generation of consumers. Now leadership is essential to manage this model from ground level. In every local market leaders are empowered to adjust the Heinz approach to the unique aspects or customs of their market. We develop local talent, which helps to bring the right perspectives as we adapt these models to local needs. Here we show three very different examples of the local market execution model at work. Youll hear more about China and India in the discussion later today on emerging markets. Our fourth strength is our focus on Health and Wellness. Historically we have looked at product characteristics, or whats actually in the food. Our goal has been to transition from the left to the right, and weve done that very successfully. However, our perspective has evolved and were now moving from an internal focus to an external focus.  Today we look at Health and Wellness from a consumers point of view. We have prioritized our efforts into four areas within Health and Wellness. Lifestyle-oriented foods, meaning that customers are looking incrementally at Health and Wellness. The choice they make is on the margin, a little less salt, a little less fat, a little less sugar. Theyre always comparing those to, all relative to, other choices they might make. Childrens nutrition, very straight forward. Infant formula, childrens food, baby food, snacks.  Weidht Management, like our Smart Ones and Weight Watchers product, which youll hear, again, a fair amount more from Dave Moran, and health management. Foods that have science behind them. Where people are looking for food to actually address specific health needs. Lifestyle is growing at about our company average, or 11%. We consider the Health and Wellness area to be the standard. All food companies should be considering how to make products incrementally healthier for consumers. This is not the full extent of our capabilities.  We have leading products in baby food and childrens nutrition in multiple countries. Sales in this area grew 17% in FY2008. In FY2009 we will be taking many of our childrens products to Mexico where our overall position is strengthening and the population is growing. Weight Management is one of the most potent areas for Heinz in that it is fast growing, its highly profitable and we have a very unique portfolio of products. As many consumers around the world are struggling with weight management we are seeing a great deal of interest in the products, as evidenced by our 25% growth rate last year.  Heinz has the global license rights for Weight Watchers in our core categories around the world. Our partnership with Weight Watchers allows us to take a systems approach, the program and the food, to consumers looking for a healthy way to lose weight.  Weve been providing products for specialized health conditions for years. Our technologies produce gluten-free products under the Bi-Aglut brand, and reduced protein, or protein-free products, under our Aproten brand. Its very important, but particularly these two areas are very important when you think about the growing aging population and the challenge that aging folks have with digestion issues.  Our last strength is around our tomato capability, what we call Grown, Not Made. Heres a quick video to give you a sense of how deep our tomato capabilities are. [video played] What we take away from that video is that our unique capability to tailor tomatoes through seed hybridization provides many benefits, improves quality, cost control by breeding tomatoes that need less sugar, and a fully-integrated supply chain from seeds to processing, which improves product safety and gives us visibility and predictability in our sourcing. In most cases we have decade long contracts through our tomato supply chain. In addition, everyday we increase our understanding of the health benefits of the tomato, and let me explain.  Tomatoes are healthy because they have lots of antioxidants. When you process tomatoes, those antioxidants become more absorbable into the body, so you get more of the health benefits from processed tomatoes. Oxidation in the body causes damage to organs and functions and we are beginning to understand how processed tomatoes offset oxidated stress. Heres how were unique. The more we learn about the health benefits of the tomato, the more we take our seed hybridization capability and actually design healthier tomatoes over time. Thats how we can use our seed hybridization capabilities to tailor products for unique benefits. Our fifth strength is about mix of inputs. Tomatoes are very important to our company but we have a highly diversified mix of inputs. Even with tomatoes. No single commodity represents more than 14% of our total input costs.  So okay, so far weve discussed five industry trends, weve also talked about some really great Heinz strengths. So lets put them together and summarize our position. We are in a very strong position to handle commodity inflation, whether it be cyclical or secular. Our stable of brands, plus our Health and Wellness portfolio, and our innovation allow us to drive price when necessary while our diverse geographic presence, scale, and emerging markets and tomato capability help us control and drive down costs.  Heinz is well positioned in fast growing emerging markets. All of our strengths converge to make emerging markets one of the most powerful engines of growth for Heinz. Consumers need for healthier food is a trend and we are already responding. Our brands, our local market execution, our product portfolio, and our tomato capability make our position in Health and Wellness truly unique and we believe steps ahead of our competition.  The aging population trend is one of the worlds most powerful trends. We have the right brand, the right technologies, and were located in the right geographies to continue driving growth with these consumers. Growing ethnic populations is the one trend were chasing, like many other CPG companies, but we have brands that travel. Many of our businesses are creating plans to address this group of consumers as migration patterns and minority ethnic groups grow around the world. So in summary, let me leave you with one key message. Heinz strength magnifies powerful industry trends which will drive disproportionate growth and thats the map that shows you how. So thats our discussion on trends and strengths. Were going to now move to talk about our businesses and our business presidents will do that. And well start out with North America. I would like to introduce to you Dave Moran.
David Moran: Thank you, Beth. Great strategy. Very well laid out. I think its a great framework for us to think and talk about our business. Good morning everyone. Im excited to share our plans for North America. As you know, North America is about 45% of the company. Its comprised of two operating units, North American Consumer Products and U.S. Foodservice. Our sales mix is evenly split between KC&S and our convenience meals. Now North America is a fantastic business to lead and to run. The foundation is strong and its built to last. For us its all about big powerful brands, a clear well understood formula for success with consumers and customers, a pipeline of innovation, and importantly, the right people in the right job doing the right work. FY2009 will continue our leadership results. We are in a very advantaged position in regards to the strength of our brands. Almost 90% of our portfolio is a category leader or a close second. In these times of inflation, price increases, and consumer unease, our equity with our consumer is our most important strength. Not only are these $100 million brands important to Heinz, they are vital to our customers. And customers expect us to lead our categories growth.  Fortunately, we have exciting innovations on all of our businesses and importantly, this proven team knows how to execute their plan. Our brands are also very on trend with the Health and Wellness initiative. About one half of our brands help consumers live a healthy life and give them the options they need and want.  But you know our strategies. Weve talked them before. For us its all about organic growth, growing what we own. Its also about full price consumption every day, off the shelf. Its about driving brand health and adding value to the consumer, and then, as you would imagine, getting full price as a result. We manage our P&L as our own bank to fuel our own growth. Now CP has had a long and successful run and that continues, but over the last two years, since FY2006, weve added almost $0.5 billion in sales and almost $100 million in profits. And our brands have just never been healthier. Shipments and consumption are up 6% and 7%. Were selling almost 90% of our consumption off the shelf at full price every day and we have successfully taken price at about 90% of our portfolio. As you can see, were growing volume and price at the same time and over the last eight quarters weve grown volume by an average of 3.2% and price by 2.7%. This is a result of our emphasis on strong brand equities and the innovations we have brought to the marketplace. Weve held gross profit margins virtually on all brands and we believe that it is a critical management measure with direct materials soaring as they are for the last couple of years. I would like to share some comments about our fourth quarter volume number that you see. As Art mentioned, we took two price increases on Ore-Ida that affect a comparison of Q4 volume. Excluding the impact of those two increases, volume for North American Consumer Products would have been up 5%, in line with the last two years performance. Just as an FYI, sales for Ore-Ida in Q1 of FY2009 will be up about 20%. Our ability to cost recover is a direct result of our commitment to improving the value proposition to our consumers. We add value to our product and then we expect consumers to pay for them. Our brand teams have executed this strategy brilliantly over the last five years.  We also believe that the P&L is our bank and we continue to tease out non-value added costs. As you can see D&A continues to be reduced, but since FY2003, we have reduced D&A by about 530 basis points and we believe were among the very lowest in the industry. SG&A continues to be managed closely, and again, we believe were the lowest in the industry. Now we have a very well developed plan for FY2009. Were going to drive frozen harder, with a continued double-digit increases in meals. We also have new innovations in meals and new innovations on our Ore-Ida business that well detail today. Well complete the upgrading of the ketchup packaging across the entire line, well reposition Foodservice for this new environment that were competing in. We will hold gross profit margins at the brand level flat and grow our gross profit dollars and we will drive Health and Wellness into sustainability, as Bill talked, through our brands. I want to give you some details of our plans for FY2009. Smart Ones is on fire in the U.S. and north of the border. Our brand is now the leader in velocity and continues to accelerate. All cylinders are firing on this important brand. Weve dramatically improved the taste on about 65% of the line. Our marketing has been focused, effective, and now were expanding that marketing into new day time opportunities. Our vision for Smart Ones is to be a lifestyle brand, helping consumers live smart 24/7. We have a new commercial behind our fruit inspiration launch and while the results are very early, they are exciting. Our share is 31.1% and our base volume is up 25%. Lets take a look at that ad. [video played] We launched Smart Ones into Canada only 18 months ago and were already the number two brand. Importantly, seven of the top eleven categories skews are ours. Ore-Ida is going to have another action packed year. We will mark crispiest and best tasting and healthiest Ore-Ida fries ever. We are launching ABC tater tots, an important kids entry point and were launching, also, Ore-Idas new Steam n Mash, new technology that is largely incremental to our brand. Steam n Mash is homemade mashed potatoes made easy. You simply steam the potatoes in the microwave for ten minutes, add milk, butter, and then mash. We do all the dirty work of washing, peeling, and dicing. Consumer scores and customer response has been nothing short of extraordinary. This is big news for us in this category because the category is $900 million in size and its virtually all white space for our company. Our ketchup business continues to respond to value-added packaging and going back to FY2002 and the successful launch of top-down, and then fridge-fit two years ago, ketchup consumers have embraced the better packaging options versus the commodity dock bottle. Effective this year we will move the entire line to these preferred formats and were adding a stay-clean cap across the entire line. Improvements such as these have helped us grow our base consumption. Full price sales now represent 75% of our consumption, and thats up 8 points over the last two years.  This year we developed a consumer generated ad contest, our topless PD challenge campaign, gave consumers the opportunity to publicly express their passion for the brand. Our results surprised even us. Over 6,500 qualified ads were submitted and these were viewed more than 10 million times on line.  If you do some quick math, consumers spent more than 127,000 hours watching and interacting with our brand on line. To put these 6,500 submissions in perspective, other similar contests and other big national brands resulted in about 1,000 submissions. Let me share with you three commercials that are on air now. [video played] Well, I hate to admit it, Ive actually been in that bar in the second commercial, so I know exactly where it is, along the Pacific Ocean.  Our Canadian ketchup business continues to perform very well and we just hit an all-time record share of 82%. 82% is an all-time record in the Heinz world. Our results from this is the result of a new Heinz North America collaboration, as we extended fridge-fit packaging into Canada this January. This is a little fun fact, Heinz ketchup has the highest share of requirements, or loyalty to the brand, of any product in the Canadian grocery store.  The new Skillet segment is growing rapidly in our TGIF brand will play perfectly in this new space. We are expanding the successful TGIF brand name while leveraging our expertise in premium meals. TGIF Fridays Skillet meals are inspired directly from the restaurant and our innovation center and our objective is to create the highest possible consumer experience in-home. Our three-step, fifteen minute preparation involves the consumer cooking stovetop with a skillet. This is a new price point for us and a $7-$8 range is a complete meal for two adults. All of our brands have meaningful innovations this year. We are expanding our emphasis on Health and Wellness with Bagel Bites and whole grain, also improved sauces and healthier protein options. We are partnering with U.S. Youth Soccer to drive trial and awareness. Classico now has 16 SKUs converted to all-natural. Were adding the iconic wrap to all sizes of L&P and were also introducing a thicker version of our classic recipe. We are also launching infant formula in to Canada to offer an entire Heinz feeding cycle to new moms. This capitalizes on the 60+ chair of our jarred baby food in Canada.  Our most recent acquisition, Renees, continues to perform very, very well. And we folded production into our operating facility and closed the original factory.  Our North American Consumer Products business continues to lead their categories in most ways. Our volume, share, and other consumer metrics are very healthy. In looking forward, we expect FY2009 to be another strong year. We have room to grow and importantly, we have a winning team in place. Lets discuss U.S. Foodservice, which has not been performing as well as we would like. But lets be clear. Foodservice is a core business to Heinz and to North America. Bill talked about this in the opening segment but we have some of the best and strongest brands in the industry. And Foodservice leverages the North American asset base and keeps the Heinz name in front of consumers across the country every single day. So its a very important segment for us. As you know, the industry grew rapidly in the 80s and 90s. More women entered the work force, household income grew, and Foodservice units expanded rapidly. At the core of the Heinz business model was personal and customer relationships. But so much has changed over the last five years. Consumers budgets are under pressure from oil and food costs, lifestyles are different.  Importantly, the ownership structure of our operator has changed and they are under the same cost pressure that we are. As a result of all of this a different strategy and a different model is needed. The biggest change is for us to run for value versus just running for volume. We have the brands and the capability, both in the front and the back of the house, to lead and help our operators. Just look at our brands. Heinz, L&P, Chef Francisco, and importantly, our appetizers business. We are well positioned once the industry returns to growth. But for now we must drive greater value to this all-important portfolio. Building brands will become more important in our new model. We will increase our emphasis on innovation, new ideas as helping our operators win in this difficult environment. We have a three-part plan to turn this business around and begin profitable growth. Its all about innovation, cost, and profitability. Job one for this unit is driving innovation. Therefore, we have better aligned R&D, culinary, packaging and marketing. We expect to increase our sales from new ideas very quickly. To better compete we have to get after our cost structure, as this is increasingly a bid business. In Q4 of FY2008 we closed a factory, a back office, and reduced overall headcounts. In FY2009 we will continue to streamline the business and get the gunk out of the system. We are working hard to improve our customer processes and to become more efficient as an organization. Our most important near-term initiative is changing the focus internally of our business leaders and sales teams. We have historically run this business for volume, but our new approach is quite different. We must charge a fair price for the value of our brands and the value that we add. Were having conversations with customers about this and some of the choices that we both need to make. We expect North America to have an overall strong year. Sales and profits will be leading. The turnaround in the foodservice industry and our business will continue to be slower than any of us would desire but we are positioning ourselves well in terms of brand emphasis, people development, and needed capability. Now its a pleasure to turn the podium over to Scott to talk about the exciting work thats going on in Europe.
Scott O'Hara: Thanks, Dave, and good morning everyone. Let me start by giving you a snapshot of our business. Here you can see Heinz Europe accounts are about 35% of the companys businesses and the emerging markets businesses in Russia and Eastern Europe. This chart shows the breakdown by region and by category.  Following a significant reshaping of our portfolio completed in FY2006 we are a very focused business, with 95% of our revenues in our three core categories. Our sales are predominantly driven by the Heinz brand, however, we are also achieving excellent growth from local jewels like Plasmon in Italy, Honig in the Netherlands, Pudliszki in Poland, and Aunt Bessies, HP, and Lea & Perrins in the UK. In addition, we have Weight Watchers which we are expanding across all of Europe. Our top seven brands in Europe all generate at least $100 million in sales and our plans call for the Orlando brand in Spain and Portugal to join that list over the next two years. These brands are thriving behind a 38% increase in marketing and R&D over the past two years. Heinz Europes performance accelerated in fiscal 2008 as our deepening innovation pipeline and marketing investment connected with consumers. Our brand-building investments are driving strong organic growth with a balance mix of pricing and volume growth in fiscal 2008. This is a winning formula that we are determined to continue executing in fiscal 2009. As this chart demonstrates, we are generating excellent performance across our big brand and in the significant majority of our markets. We have sustained approximately 60% of our portfolio in both value and volume share growth over the past year indicating our ability to price against value-added innovation. Heinz Europe [inaudible] Health and Wellness profile with the strength of each segment that Beth outlines earlier. Our portfolio has a strong foundation in fiber-rich bean, lycopene-rich ketchup, healthy soups, and all-natural infant foods and fortified infant formula. We are also excited about our growth opportunities in Weight Management under the Weight Watchers brand and in our growing medical nutrition brands in Italy. This further evidence that consumers are trying our new products and repeat purchasing at healthy rates. Sales of our product launched during the year accounted for about 10% of our revenue in fiscal 2008 alone, putting Heinz Europe ahead of the curve of our target of 15% of sales coming from new products launched in the last three years. We are fueling our growth with improved D&A and SG&A productivity and I will talk momentarily about the great results were getting from our successful SAP roll out in the UK and Poland. We have accomplished a lot in Heinz Europe over the past two years and that has only motivated us for more success. Building on a banner fiscal 2008 we expect fiscal 2009 to be another year of innovation-driven growth. To achieve our goals we will continue to follow the winning formula of investing for success behind our seven priority brands. We will increase the number of new products by about 20% in fiscal 2009 and we will support those launches with a double-digit increase in marketing. We will also continue to pursue price where appropriate.  We are improving our innovation capabilities by focusing our R&D efforts through three centers of excellence: ketchup and sauces in the Netherlands; meals and snacks in the UK; and infant nutrition in Italy.  We have also developed a strategic growth group whose mission is to pursue new platforms for accelerated growth. One of the groups first projects is Grown Not Made, which is leveraging Heinz global tomato authority through an integrated campaign for our ketchup and other tomato-based products that I will share more on momentarily. Our SAP roll out will continue across Europe and we expect to get good leverage on cost and innovation through the integration of our frozen business. Overall we expect to generate over $100 million in productivity savings to help counter our commodity and other cost headwind. Across Heinz Europe better people are driving better performance. As Dave first did in North American, we have overhauled our team. We have promoted proven performers, imported some great Heinz talent, and filled gaps with top-tier external hires. As a result, a third of our top roles are filled with people new to the role, or new to the Heinz company. Importantly, all our business unit presidents are natives of their home market with a fundamental understanding of their consumers and customers.  With the right platform and people in place, we have set ambitious targets for fiscal 2009, highlighted by high single-digit sales and profit growth. Let me share with you how we plan to deliver, beginning with our largest segment, the UK and Ireland. The UK and Ireland business generates nearly $1 of every $5 of Heinz global revenue and is one of the companys largest businesses. This business has pulled all the right levers to drive sustainable top and bottom line growth and fiscal 2009 is shaping up to be another excellent year of growth. Nowhere in the company is the Heinz brand as strong as it is in the UK where it consistently ranks amongst the countrys number one consumer brands. The Brits consume an amazing 1.5 million cans of Heinz beans per day and Heinz also leads in the soup and ketchup, condiments and sauces categories and is a close number two in nutrition. Increased investment in the Weight Watchers from Heinz business meanwhile is driving strong growth in our frozen meals category. Earlier I showed a chart depicting our franchise help through all of Europe. Looking at the UK alone, franchise help is even stronger with the portfolios demonstrating strong value and volume growth throughout fiscal 2008. And as you can see, we are sustaining volume across nearly the entire portfolio while that value share is accelerated. To provide you with some perspective on just how strong our brands are in the UK, we prepared a brief video for you. [video plays] It really is remarkable. Let me take you quickly through our fiscal 2009 growth drivers as they apply to the UK and Ireland business, beginning with our innovation and marketing. The culture of innovation, supported by increased marketing, is restored over the past two years and as a result Heinz is driving growth in our large categories with a regular stream of new ideas. Let me begin with ketchup, condiments, and sauces. We have taken the powerful Heinz sauces equity into new retail categories with the launch of a range of Deli Mayos in addition to a range of Spread and Bake cooking sauces. These are adjacent categories that we believe are underdeveloped and ripe for growth. We are also generating strong growth in our Lea & Perrins and HP brands on the strength of increased marketing and innovation. The HP deal is tracking ahead of our acquisition economics and Lea & Perrins is now driving 11 consecutive months of sales growth. HP is also growing nicely as a result of increased marketing support, reminding British consumers of HPs role in the proper English breakfast, as well as new products like HP top-down and HP steak sauce. We have some other great ideas for these brands in fiscal 2009 that my team has asked me to keep under wraps for now. We also continue to generate new ideas in ketchup. Following on the successful launch last year of TK with a Twist, we recently launched a super premium Heinz ketchup in a distinctive glass bottle made with 12 tomatoes in each bottle and natural sea salt that has gotten a lot of media attention.  Let me now turn to the convenience meals category where we have a deep innovations pipeline to be supported by a double-digit increase in marketing. I will begin with soup where we have demonstrated that large mature categories do respond to innovation. Based on our innovation, the category was up almost 13% and we achieved record value share of 63% over the past 52 weeks. That was up 3.2 share points versus a year ago. We will continue to grow our core soup range with new varieties in addition to packaging improvements, which you can see on our classics range. We will also drive continued growth in the new products that we launched in the second half of fiscal 2008, including extensions to the very successful Taste of Home, Farmers Market, and Soups of the World ranges, in addition to new varieties of our Weight Watchers range. Turning to beans, new packaging platforms are driving excellent growth. We updated the label on our traditional can and launched convenient snap pots to great success with 58% of sales incremental to the category. We will continue to support this new platform through fiscal 2009 with strong marketing support, including the catchy new adds that you got a brief glimpse of in the previous montage. We are driving for more growth in the beans category with new A-segmented ranges. We saw an opportunity to more closely target young adult consumers in creative Fully-Loaded beans, specifically for this group, and they love it. In fact, Fully-Loaded has already achieved a 5.4% of the category and thats greater than our largest branded competitor alone. For the younger consumer our new Hidden Veg range, a Health and Wellness focused product, contains a serving of vegetable hidden in the tomato sauce and has proven a popular addition to our Pasta Meals range. Turning to Infant Nutrition, this has been a challenging category for us and we are addressing it aggressively with new leadership and the same commitment to innovation and marketing that drove success in our ketchup, condiments, and sauces, and meals and snacks categories. Beyond the re-launch of our core Monzone line, we are working to update the category with a range of tray meals, fruit puree snacks, and biscuits, leveraging the innovations from Italy, Australia, and New Zealand where they are generating strong infant nutrition growth in these Heinz markets. For example, our Cook At Home sauces, which assist moms in adding flavor to home prepared pasta and vegetables originated in New Zealand and are selling very well. We have another exciting initiative underway in infant milks. Beginning early next month, we will re-launch our infant milk range and move from a value to a premium positioning. We have added incremental resources to detail the product with pediatricians and have a comprehensive marketing campaign prepared for later in the year. Our second growth driver in the UK is improved productivity and capabilities, beginning with improved relationships with major retailers, superior in-store shelf presence and execution, as well as a concentrated push in emerging channels. This includes improved growth in Ireland and in Foodservice, where we have set the goal of doubling our sales in three years.  To drive productivity, we have given our people the tools they need to make better and faster business decisions. The key enabler of this is through the introduction of SAP last year. SAP has provided a single source of data and greatly increased visibility into the business. This has produced step-change improvements in trades funds management, financial planning, and overall cost management. Our final growth driver is our people, with the reality of addressing the talent was the first step in turning this business around. The rebuilding of the UK culture began with the top-down transformation of the leadership team under Dave Woodward, a former colleague whom I brought into the company two years ago. Dave is a Brit with a great knowledge of the UK market and fundamental understanding of how brand leaders must drive growth through a regular stream of innovation supported by effective marketing. Dave recruited top talent from other Heinz business units who brought with them innovative ideas already proven in other Heinz markets, particularly great soup ideas from the Pacific, as well as best practices from the U.S. in the area of trade spend efficiency and effectiveness.  We also focused on developing and promoting up-and-coming talent within the business while exiting not aligned to our new approach to success. Now let me turn to our Continental European business where we encompass all the European countries in Continental Europe except Italy. The region is our largest on the combined strength of the Heinz, Honig, and Rose brand. The Pudliszki brand is driving our fast growing business and we are beginning to see accelerated growth in Spain, Portugal and France with the Heinz and Orlando brands.  I would to focus my attention on two key initiatives for driving faster growth on the continent. First making Heinz a pan-European brand and secondly growing our $100+ million local jewels. I will begin my discussion on Heinz in the attractive ketchup category, where all our European markets are indexing at 100% or greater year-on-year. Heinz is the number one brand in seven of these markets and we anticipate continued strong growth behind a very significant new campaign.  As I mentioned at the outset, we recently launched across Europe a new consumer campaign, Grown Not Made which drives home Heinzs global tomato expertise. As part of this campaign we made the first major change to the iconic Heinz ketchup label in decades, replacing the traditional Gherkin pickle with a red, ripe tomato on the vine. We have also moved to a clear PET bottle with stay-clean cap technology. The combination of the new bottle, label, and Grown Not Made shelf tray, create a powerful impact to the shelf. This new packaging has tested off the charts with consumers and the changes are not only cosmetic. Although it is hard to improve on perfection, we also enhanced the European ketchup formula for an even thicker, richer taste that is consumer preferred. And we are supporting our new campaign with the following ad, which originated in the UK, but has been adapted for each of our markets. [video played] Our successful European team, is following a successful model of launching and innovation in one market and then successfully adapting it to others. We are following this approach to drive more new innovation in the Heinz brand than at any time since Henry Heinz was introducing his first 57 varieties. And thats one example of Heinzs dressings and condiments sauces, which following a successful launch in France are rolling out across continental Europe.  In Spain and Portugal, meanwhile, we have launched a Heinz gazpacho and in Germany our new line of curry ketchup is performing very well. We are supporting our Heinz branded initiatives with strong marketing, such as in the Nordics where we have launched an aggressive summer marketing campaign in support of Heinz bar-b-que products. Each of our local jewel brands, meanwhile, has a full NTD pipeline. In Honig we have introduced Meal Kits for different meal occasions from dinner for one to a special family gathering. In the beverages category, where we are a major play in the Benelux, our new Fruit Flirt fruit brand is adding strong incremental sales to our Rose Pissay Brand. And we are aggressively expanding the Weight Watchers franchise in Europe building on the strong growth we achieved launching Weight Watchers soup last year in Germany, Austria, and Switzerland. This resulted in the doubling of our total soup volume in that region. Our Italian business is focused on Infant Nutrition and medical foods and 100% of the portfolio is Health and Wellness focused. As mentioned, we are developing an R&D center of excellence in Italy to serve as the central R&D engine for our global Infant Nutrition business. In Infant Nutrition we are the market leader in most categories and we are making the concentrated drive to expand our milks business in fiscal 2009. We plan to continue supporting our Italian business with strong marketing investment, ahead of the company average. Additionally, we are building a successful Medical Nutrition business with our Aproten and Bi-Aglut brand that we are evaluating for pan-European growth opportunities. We will fully exploit the iconic Plasmon brand, focusing on growing our share of stomach and fulfilling special baby needs. In our iconic Plasmon brand we have a strong pipeline of initiatives to expand our share of stomach across the segments of wet, milk, and fruit. Additionally, we have strengthened our baby special range targeted to the dietary needs of babies with sleeping or gastrointestinal problems. We will also upgrade our packaging to reinforce the heritage of quality key to the Plasmon brand equity. And we will support our Plasmon brand with strong advertising like this. [video played] In summary, Heinz Europe turned a corner in fiscal 2007, accelerated in fiscal 2008, and is now poised for sustained strong growth. Our innovation is delighting consumers and we will launch about 20% more new products this year than in fiscal 2008. These new products will be supported by a double-digit increase in marketing. We will enhance our capabilities through three R&D centers of excellence that I mentioned, as well as leveraging our strategic growth group to drive pan-European growth opportunities. We plan to drive productivity behind the continued roll out of SAP, the integration of our frozen business into the UK, and through continuous improvement efforts in our supply chain. And finally, we will continue to upgrade the strength of our team.  We will also look for acquisition opportunities, as we believe we have the right capabilities and infrastructure to add new businesses. As Bill mentioned, we closed a deal in April with the acquisition of the Wyco brand in the Netherlands, without acquiring any manufacturing assets. Wyco is the number one branded saut sauce in the Netherlands and has a 24% share in the retail market and a 60% share in the foodservice channel. Wycos strong presence and capability in foodservice will help us drive the Heinz brand in this channel and our strength in the retail channel will help maximize the Wyco brand at retail. We are also currently evaluating several opportunities to strengthen our core and fill in category, channel, and geographic white space in our European markets. So in closing, we have excellent business momentum and expect to deliver high single-digit sales and profit growth in fiscal 2009. We are proud of what we have accomplished and our people are motivated and hungry for continued success. Thank you and I will now hand you over to Mike Milone to highlight our New Zealand and Australia businesses.
Mike Milone: Thanks, Scott. Thats a great turn-around story and certainly sets up an exciting future in Europe. We will shift now to Australia and New Zealand. These are countries we dont normally talk about. We dont represent a segment and are rather included in Asia/Pacific. However, at 9% of sales, we are very important to Heinz. Im sure youve noted in some of the materials that I given is use a provocative title, Commanding Growth. Thats because we own very strong platforms in these markets from which we have successfully grown and will continue to grow. Our brands, Heinz in Australia and Watties in New Zealand, are local institutions. We have the highest per capita sales in the world of Heinz, even higher than in the UK. It would equate to a $24 billion business if the U.S. had the same dollar per capita sales as we do in New Zealand. Our business represents an estimated 5% of total packaged foods in Australia and 10% in New Zealand. We have achieved excellent performance. These are established markets growing organically in excess of 6.5% further aided by acquisition in FY2008. Looking at the mix, Australia is the larger of the two, which is not surprising given its 5x the population and we are very focused on Heinz core categories. Our strong local position breeds success, as I indicated earlier. As you will see, we have strong leading brands and our leadership enables consumer and customer insights. We have a powerful and scalable infrastructure and fundamental to us, exceptionally strong local talent. We will begin our deeper dive with a look at our leading brand positions. Two $100 million brands are fundamental to our Australian/New Zealand business. Heinz in Australia and Watties in New Zealand. But we also sell other Heinz global brands in these markets. As you might expect, with 10% of total packaged food sales we have very strong branded share positions in New Zealand. We are number one in 11 different segments, often larger than all other competitors combined, with share exceeding 50%. In Australia we also have multiple number one and number two positions, which have been supported for growth with significant increases in marketing and R&D spend. Our strong local market positions provide great consumer and customer local insight and connections.  We talk and think in terms of three key consumer trends: convenience, taste, and health and wellness. The areas that have overlapped are particularly rich, of course, for potential new products and the real sweet spot is products that deliver on all three.  This framework is what drives our new product development and innovation thinking and it is delivering. New products introduced since FY2006 have delivered over $150 million in sales in FY2008. That represents 18% of our current sales in Australia/New Zealand. The combination of strong brand innovation has driven pricing, particularly excellent volume growth. Looking specifically in the area of convenience, innovation behind our microwave soup Poddle package and SteamFresh is in the main drivers, both arguably in a sweet spot. The new Poddle package has been so successful we have actually been supply-constrained over the last soup season. The positive impact can be seen in our soup shares where we are building our lead in total and condensed while fast closing the gap in the rapidly growing ready-to-serve segment due to Poddles. Number two, of course, is a well-known global soup manufacturer and our goal is leadership in the fast-growing ready-to-serve segment. The ad were using to support this product was the microwave spot shown among the commercials that Bill aired earlier in the presentation. Now looking to the future, with additional local Soup Poddle supply that came on stream in March, we will be aggressively attacking ready-to-serve this soup season with new flavors and items. We are also launching new pouch packaging for pasta and convenient eat-out-of poddles for tuna, plus extending SteamFresh meals. Their obvious opportunities leverage Heinzs global innovations like Snap Pots and Mashed Potatoes in these markets. Heinz taste expertise is based on our traditional sauce heritage. A large part of our success in soup stems from product improvements such that our products truly taste great. Not good, pretty good, or good enough, but I-cant-wait-to-have-some-soup great. Another example of our finer taste expertise is a locally targeted ethnic specialty sauce in New Zealand, Wok Creation. As you might expect there is a heavy Asian influence on cooking in New Zealand and this convenient, flavorful solution has been a tremendous success. Need I add that wok cooking is considered very healthful, making this another triple play in the sweet spot. And on a per capita basis this product line is generating the equivalent of a $200 million U.S. business. Looking forward, weve just launched a specialty sauce line. We are expanding in salad dressings and developing new Cottees products, generally higher in fruit and lower in sugar. With respect to Health and Wellness, our overall portfolio in Australia/New Zealand is one of the healthiest in the world of Heinz, covering a variety of lifestyle, childrens nutrition, and weight management products. Weight Watchers is growing nicely at the expense of the global number one segment leader. We have strong positions in excess of 30% share in both markets. Gross with SteamFresh in our frozen business now exceeds $160 million. Here is an example of the advertising supporting this growth. [video played] For the future we will be certainly building on both SteamFresh and Weight Watchers with extensions in terms of products and meal occasion. We are very excited about new technology which will allow us to infuse simple vegetables with flavors and sauces. We expect this to be another sweet spot hit. We are the infants and childrens nutrition leader in Australia/New Zealand offering a full range including formula, cereals, snacks, in addition to our jarred products. This business is also growing very well, now over $100 million in sales and shares that are steadily increasing in an expanding category. We are expanding and plan to grow with new good-for-you transition food and snacks, including organic offerings, poddles for ease of use, and finger foods mom can feel good about.  A totally new packaging and concept was launched is Simply Create or Cook At Home, which Scott referenced earlier. This product utilized pouch packaging for sauces and basic ingredients to involve mom more in the preparation and baby in the family eating experience. This is simply created advertising from New Zealand. [video played] Our local strengths also leads, of course, to a powerful and scaleable infrastructure. Our manufacturing approach is unique. We have centers of excellence in both countries supplying on another and also make extensive use of co-packing in Southeast Asia. This results in a slightly higher inventory due to the length of the supply chain but fewer assets and higher return on assets. We also feel it gives us some flexibility and competitive advantage over our competitors since our factories in both countries are well utilized. In addition, raw materials and labor conditions generally make New Zealand a lower cost sourcing point that Australia and our competitors are more dedicated and tied to Australia for production. We have a real focus on leveraging this infrastructure for efficiency. We maintain GP in our increasing marketing while substantially improving OI and controlling SG&A and other costs. Quick operating working capital as a balance sheet efficiency measure has also improved significantly. Another example of leveraging our infrastructure is the recent Cottees acquisition. It provided entry into a new segment, it added $50 million in sales. Through synergies and minimal extra overhead with no plant, a 30% marginal ROI rate has been achieved. We are always looking for similar opportunities in both countries or touting the larger corporate deals. Finally on local talent. Australia and New Zealand are both hot competitive markets for talent. Recognizing this several years ago we kicked off a Great Place To Work campaign designed to make Heinz the employer of choice in both markets. This is a never-ending process but to date we have seen higher satisfaction, productivity, and retention in line with our objectives. So in summary, our track record speaks for itself. We have strong local brand positions which contribute to consumer and customer connections with insights. We have powerful and scaleable infrastructure and a great local talent base. We are well positioned to grow, with considerable opportunity remaining. We expect to deliver mid-single-digit sales growth and upper-single-digit OI growth via our convenience, taste, and health and wellness platforms, and innovations such as Soup Poddles, SteamFresh, Weight Watchers, and Cook At Home. Thank you and I believe weve got a break now. Meg, do you want to say a few words.
Margaret Nollen: Okay, were miraculously on time so were going to keep that way. Weve got a 15 minute break and well start right back up at 10:30. [break]
Margaret Nollen: Our next presentation is in a little bit different format and weve got a panel of all of regional presidents that manage emerging markets for Heinz. And I think that the following discussion is going to be very interesting for you so let me kick it off. Chris Warmoth who is head of our Asia/Pacific markets will lead us off in the emerging markets.
Panel Presentation  Chris Warmoth, Scott OHara, Mike Milone:
Chris Warmoth: Thank, Meg. Im Chris Warmoth, the Senior Vice President for Heinz Asia and Scott, Mike, and I are going to take you through how Heinz is winning already in the emerging markets and how we expect to accelerate that growth going forward. Now, there should be three key take-outs from this presentation. The first is that Heinz has built an excellent springboard for future growth. We already have a disposable and growing business. We have a very attractive portfolio, its focused around six countries, three core categories and six brands. We have excellent management which is really locally rooted.  And then the second key message, and I think we will illustrate to you, we have a proven capability to execute the fundamentals of consumer goods. Thats innovation, marketing, and distribution. And then lastly, were pleased with the progress were making but we believe the future is even brighter. Now why do I say Heinz has an excellent springboard for future growth? This chart shows in FY2008 our emerging markets business was $1.3 billion and that was up 25% versus FY2007. And as you can see from here, over the last few years we made $400 million in our emerging markets and our OI margin, while below the company average, was still double-digit and thats pretty respectable. Now Bill talked earlier on the managed focus has brought Heinz and thats very true of emerging markets. We have an attractive and focused portfolio.  Were focused in terms of country. We have six core counties: Russia, India, China, Indonesia, Poland, and Venezuela. And together they make up more than 80% of our total emerging markets business. They are all well in excess of $100 million and Mike then handles three markets which currently are less than $100 million but we believe can get to $100 million very soon. And then finally you have a group of countries we call trading. Now these sell existing SKUs, theyre handled by distributors, but theyre very well run and they make very good money. Now that focus continues when we talk about categories. 85% of our business is in the three Heinz core categories. Weve got 45% in ketchups, condiments, and sauces. Weve got 20% each in infant nutrition and meals and snacks. And then the other 15% is a range of categories that focuses very much on beverages in India and Indonesia.  And the focus continues again when we talk about brands. Weve got six brands that together make up about 75% of our emerging markets business. Now the biggest of those is Heinz. Thats about 1/3 of our sales. And as you can see, it spans several countries and various categories. In Indonesia we have the ABC brands, and in Poland its the Pudliszki brands. And they, too, like Heinz, span various categories. In India we have Complan. This is a milk, nutritional drink. We have Glucon-D, which is a powdered energy drink. And then finally, in China we have the LongFong brand. This is a frozen dim sum and it encompasses dumplings, rice, steamed bread and so on. Now Beth talked earlier on this chart and this is the Millward Brown equity matrix. And remember along the bottom you talk about presence. Thats the publics mind awareness. And along the top is the image loyalty measure. And Ive tallied up here the Heinz emerging brands, and as you can see its a pretty impressive picture with all well up here. And the two outliers are Heinz and Russia that have very strong voltage and I think Scot is bursting there. I think he may be telling us later how hes working very actively to build the presence of these two brands. Now something else to notice about our emerging markets brands is some of them are very local. And theyve all been acquired since 1994. And you can see since Heinz took them on, theyve all grown very, very significantly. I think what you can see, Heinz can operate managing a big global brand like the Heinz brand, but also making a big success of these local brands. As Scott, I guess at Gillette you were very much focused on the big, global brand and pretty successful with it. And on the other hand, Boston Consulting Group are talking about livality and how emerging market companies are more than holding their own against the multinationals of Europe and the U.S. Now why do you think Heinz is successful with these local brands? 
Scott O'Hara: First of all I think any food company is inherently a local business. You have to be very close to the consumer and close to the taste. And I think that Heinz is uniquely positioned in that we have global scale, and in fact a global brand behind the Heinz brand, but we also empower, as part of our culture, our local business units to really run their businesses.  And I read that BCG study and it takes a study like that for somebody to come up with the globality theme. But I think the essence of that was that local companies that are closer to consumers have a competitive advantage. And I agree with that. I think Heinz is uniquely positioned in that we empower our local business units to truly run their business and in fact, were really close to our consumers and I think the results you will see reinforced is that we can take advantage of that opportunity as well.
Chris Warmoth: Thanks, Scott. So that really captures why I believe Heinz has built such a great springboard. We have disposable and growing business. We have the attractive portfolio in terms of countries, categories, and brands with very strong equities. We have very strong local management, in general, I think by this culture which we have. And then lastly as you saw, we have a pretty good record on acquisitions in emerging markets.  And from there I want to lead to our second key message, is that we have a proven capability, in my view, to execute really well in the markets. We innovate well, broadly and relevant, we have strong marketing ideas and investing heavily behind them. And then when it comes to distribution, were really using our know-how to get products broadly available to the population.
Mike Milone: Chris, let me take on innovation and go a little deeper on that one. We talk a lot about innovation which is the bread and butter of any food company, and apart from the high tech innovation there is a lot of other innovation that goes on. And we think of it in these four blocks. I want to touch on each one. The first block in the upper right is the basics. Improving our core products, making sure our base businesses are healthy and re-launching and freshening our products. With the help of Chris I want to point out a few examples with my magic pointer finger.  First example I will give is on ABC Sashay, the soy sauce. We literally sell billions of these in Indonesia and weve refreshed that product recently with new packaging and improved flavor and improved formula. Moving to the next block, the line extensions, we sell a very successful ketchup in Poland called Pudliszki. We are now expanding it with Pudlichef, which is a kids version of the same ketchup, or the same brand. Moving to new segments, we have some LongFong sauces. LongFong is a dim sum brand that Chris referenced earlier and we will talk about more, but here weve added natural extensions that are LongFong soy sauce, LongFong dumpling dipping sauce, and a cooking paste. And the final area is in packaging where we have the, the most obvious example is the ABC from Indonesia, sardines where weve added the EZOMs. But there are other examples of packaging which are pretty easy to see up there as well.
Chris Warmoth: Now, Mike continues in a second area and I think weve got some really good ideas and were going to share some with you later, so weve been investing pretty heavily behind them. You can see from this chart, in FY2007 we increased our marketing spend by 33% and in FY2008 it was up 35%.
Scott O'Hara: And one of the great things, were able to support these fantastic brands with strong marketing support but one of the challenges we all face in our emerging markets is ensuring that we can get the product to the shelf. The trade tends to be much more fragmented in the emerging markets than it would be in the mature markets and in discussions with both Chris and Mike, one of the key learnings that we each had was that you really need to have a tailored approach to your distribution network in these emerging markets if youre really going to be able to get distribution down the line beyond kind of the A cities.  And I think you can see from the chart that weve just put up that each of us uses a very distinct or tailored approach in our markets to drive distribution. Some markets have what we call the modern trade, all of them have supermarkets. Many of them need to be served through wholesalers or distributors and we need to make sure that we have a network that can support all of that.
Chris Warmoth: So what we would now like to do is bring alive these themes with some real case studies. And Im going to start off with the ABC brand in Indonesia. Now this is our single biggest brand if you take one market. And ABC is focused across many categories but the two biggest are soy sauce and beverage syrups. These are concentrated fruit syrups to which you add water and you get a very refreshing drink. Now soy sauce in Indonesia had its best year since we acquired the business in FY2008. And what we did is we re-launched the brand. We improved the product, we improved the graphics, much more modern. We added a new pouring cap to the bottle, and we introduced the line of three pouch products. Indonesians consumers really like these. They are light, most Indonesians dont have cars. Theyre easy to pour, if a child drops them they dont break. And they are a little bit cheaper. And that was supported, I think, with a very effective TV campaign behind the celebrity chef endorsement.  And it was a pretty similar story, actually, on the syrup beverages. There we also upgraded the product and modernized the graphic. And we have two lines there. We have what we call Squash Delight. This will be regular flavors like orange, pineapple, and melon. And then on top we have a premium line called Special Breaks. And at a break you can try those. And we have a line of childrens products called ABCs Juicy. You can see that in the right there. And were pushing, with a lot of success, a line of health drinks. Now the ABC brand is very strong. And what were finding is we can also leverage it to introduce new packages. Here is an example. This is called Shrimp Paste. Now, Shrimp Paste is used by 89% of all Indonesians every week. It is used to make chili paste, you have menus where you spread the chili paste on fried chicken or fried fish, and you can also use it directly to make dishes like vegetable soup.  Like what weve done is weve taken this category and seen an opportunity. Because today most of the product we sell unpackaged and unbranded in wet markets. The consumers are a little concerned about the cleanliness and the quality of the product. So weve packaged this product and the results have been very, very good.
Scott O'Hara: Now Im sure many of you are sitting there thinking, Okay, weve just had a case study on shrimp paste. How is Scott going to follow that up? But I do have an opportunity for you. In Poland one of the things weve been very successful with is our Ready Meals. And we do a lot of consumer research, as weve talked to you about before and one of the insights that wasnt very surprising was that most Polish consumers prefer traditional Polish meals. And Polish homemakers would like to prepare those for their families. But like many places around the world, the Polish homemakers dont have the time that they want to do that.  But the real insight was around while they didnt have the time, they were skeptical about the quality of the Ready Meals that were available on the market. So what we did is come up with a concept called Kitchen Secrets where we took the recipes of these Polish homemakers and built products around that. And it tested phenomenally well. In fact, it tested so well we used one of the homemakers, that we selected her recipe, to star in the commercial. Take a look at this.\ [video played] And the results have been fantastic, as you can see on the chart. Sales have tripled over three years. Yes, Chris, I did say sales tripled. But beyond that, the category group, which is fantastic for the market, our share grew. And in fact, Ready Meals is now our biggest category in Poland and weve got a lot in our pipeline for fiscal 2009 to continue to drive our Ready Meal business and were really excited about that.
Chris Warmoth: Thanks, Scot. Now, Ive eaten insects with local authorities, Ive eaten snakes in many places in China, but I do have to tell you, the product that had the biggest bodily impact on me was Pudriscki fried. Its really quite an experience. [laughter] But I would now like to move on to a very tasty product which is LongFong dim sum. And this is also sort of a story about endorsements, but in this case its a story about celebrity endorsements. And this woman on the screen is probably the worlds most famous sportswoman, because she is the worlds Olympic number one at table tennis. She actually combs the worlds rank number one in singles, shes the number two and three in doubles with different partners and shes the hot favorite for the Olympic gold medal. And shes called Young Jenee and I have to tell you the highest ranked British woman in table tennis was number 85. So come August Young Jenee is my woman.  Weve used her pretty extensively. Weve used her on the packaging. As you can see weve used her in PR, weve used her in promotion. Weve also used her in TV. And it actually helped if you think about it, Well, a table tennis ball looks very similar to a rice ball. And this business has been doing very well.  Now on the theme of China and the Olympics, just a little footnote, which is the CEO of LongFong and last Sunday he carried the Olympic torch and this was in recognition of the great work hes done to bring the Chinese and the Taiwanese business communities together. Now Hectors run was in Shanghai and one of the big challenges we have in China is how to get distribution of LongFong in the lower-tier cities. Now versus India these are actually quite well developed but freezer space is rather limited. And so weve come up a program that makes available freezers to retailers in these small cities on condition theyll only put LongFong in the freezers. And weve got a little video here that illustrates how it works. [video played]
Mike Milone: Infant nutrition is another large category for us and Ive got a case study in infant nutrition focusing on Venezuela. First a bit of background. Venezuelas got a reputation of being a very tough market. But its also benefiting from the tetro economy. Weve been there for 50 years and weve got a strong local management team that is accustomed to dealing with the environment. They know how to work and live in that environment and have managed the business very well. You can see weve got leading share positions in two of our core categories, in ketchup and in baby food.  And in baby food weve got a great success story as well. You can see weve grown at least 19% for each of the past three years and thats been accelerating. Its been accelerating as we have removed capacity constraints. And the fact is that as weve removed them we filled it up again so were continuously investing and adding capacity to support this growth. For the latest year we actually grew our sales in baby food in Venezuela at 34%.  How did we do it? Well, we did it by adapting our products to the local market. The eating habits in Venezuela, as you might expect, are very fruit-oriented so our line tends to be fruit-based as opposed to vegetables or meats. Weve also expanded with local applicable products like a yogurt line, like a kids line. Weve done packaging on cereals in the lower left-hand corner. And we have an interesting product that is a rice-milk-based supplement which has the potential and we will be leveraging opportunities that Chris has talked about and well talk about, similar to Complan in India.
Chris Warmoth: Thanks, Mike. Well, we do have a pretty good story on childrens nutrition in China. I think if you annualize this we would more than triple very quickly. This business grew well over 30% in FY2008 and at the same time we improved our operating income margins. And it was very much behind innovation. Now the heart of our baby food business in China is cereal and in FY2008 we have had a lot of success with a new premium segment.  There are two products there. One is a chewable product. This is to help the child learn how to chew and then the second is everyones favorite where we add in extra nutrients to help brain development. And it is true, the direct Chinese translation of the name is, high intelligence, many, many. And its really done very, very well. Weve also just re-launched our base cereal business. And thats the biggest action we done in over 20 years is having cereal in China. We moved to a new product, we moved to a new package form. We call it Bag In The Box. We also improved our graphic. And weve also repositioned the brand as scientifically formulated. And this was to address the belief of many Chinese women that actually they could get all of the nutrients with Heinz cereals as with homemade cereals, which absolutely isnt the case. So then also weve done a lot of work on jars and this business grew nearly 40%. Jars segment is priced small in China and we re-launched this to get across to women that even though the product is shelf stable, it is fresh and it has no preservatives.  And then a very new and I think exciting product is on the right there. It is baby noodles. Now noodles in China are very, very popular. And what weve done is introduced a line of string noodles. They come in egg, carrots, and spinach and each of the noodles, as you can see them there on the screen, is small and very soft. And each serving is with a one gram pouch which is full of nutrients. Weve also extended the Heinz brands with these products. So we have something called Cholustrum. This comes from New Zealand. Its sold in 60 cachets to a pack, each cachet is one gram and that retails for about US$45.00. The next product is called Milk Mate. This is full of prebiotic and Chinese natural ingredients and its very good against the Chinese bad digestion condition. We then leveraged the Heinz brand name. And all of these innovations have been heavily supported by a very good infrastructure of medical detailing, in-store promoters, and samplers. In fact our sampling coverage in China in FY2008 increased from just 41 cities all the way up to 100 cities. Now we come to Complan. Complan is also a child nutrition brand, in India. And its targeted to 4-14 year olds. And they had a great year. And many things drove that success but one thing more than anything was the advertising. Now, Im a marketer by background and the Holy Grail of advertising is to come up with a long-term, sustaining campaign. Thats exactly what weve done on Complan.  This brand was a flop for five years. And then we went to the new campaign, weve invested heavily behind it, and yes, Scott, were well on way after five years. Now, the campaign is built around a very consistent benefits, which is that if you feed your child Complan, you can be sure he or she will grow properly. And the height of the child is proof of that. Mike, I guess your mother didnt feed you Complan. [laughter] Whats also part of the campaign is that Complan has reasonably around 23 vital nutrients. And the execution is all built around the really good consumer inspection in India. Most kids in India are actually under height. And what they will do is they will hang from bars and busses or from door frames to try and stretch themselves. And of course, with Complan that absolutely isnt necessary.  Now I want to show you just two of the five ads weve made and theyve all been very consistent and very fresh. So lets look at the first ad and then lets look at the latest. [video played] That last ad is for a very new product thats just expanding now and the English translation is, back from [inaudible] and its a great tasting product and what weve found is in India Complan had this opportunity to become very, very local and that will also be available at the break. I would recommend that everyone try it. Its naturally sweet.
Scott O'Hara: Now, one of the things we havent talked about is Heinz ketchup in the emerging markets and I have a great example to share with you in Russia. If you think about it, before 2004 we fundamentally had a very small, niche Heinz ketchup business in Russia. And that was largely due to one thing. We had to import the product from continental Europe and the import duties were incredibly expensive. And as a result we had to price the product at a super premium. And it was really only available to the most affluent Russian consumers. In 2004 we purchased the Petrosoyuz business. And we did that for a couple of reasons. First of all, they had some great local jewel brands that we could take advantage of. But as importantly, they had infrastructure in terms of a distribution network and importantly, local manufacturing that would allow us to drive the Heinz brand even harder. Now thats important because Russia is the number two ketchup market in the world. So its a fantastic platform for growth for us.  And as you can see on your right-hand side of the slide, in addition to the cost advantage we got from local manufacturing, we got real flexibility around packaging formats as well. And Chris talked earlier about how consumers in Asia liked doy packs. Well, you can see that here, Russians truly like doy packs. In fact, its about 1/3 of a category in Russia. So that gave us an opportunity to meet that consumer need as well. And then about two years ago we won the McDonalds business. And thats been critically important for us and for McDonalds, I think, in that we were able to have the great Heinz brand to help them establish McDonalds in Russia, and of course, they made a massive number of consumer impressions for us on our Heinz business. We sell about 40 million of these dip pots a year that are co-branded at McDonalds. Now how do we take advantage of that? Well, one of the things that will support this business now that we can make a little bit more money on it with the local production was some great advertising. So we took the Grown Not Made concept that I shared with you earlier and adapted that to Russia. And we really drove that hard.  In addition, we drove real strong in-store theater in our trade customers and they really got behind the Heinz brand. And we have the number one share position now with the Heinz brand in both the Moscow and St. Petersburg markets. And you can see here that the results have been truly fantastic. Sales have tripled, volume has quadrupled, and the market shares are just through the roof. And were really excited about this business because we have a beachhead, if you will, in Moscow and St. Pete and our focus for 2009 is to really expand to national distribution.
Chris Warmoth: Thank you very much, Scott. I would now like to just go back to India for a moment. Our second biggest brand in India is Glucon-D. This is a powdered energy drink and its consumed by people who are either sick or people who are lacking in energy. Obviously in India the sun is very hot and the energy is literally sucked out of you. And what weve done here is, I think, an interesting program to drive distribution. Because at the moment the product is focused very much on towns and cities. And the benefit, of course, of energy is very, very relevant for the rural communities.  And I just want to show you a video of how weve done that. Its a two-step process. The first step is that we send a bicycle salesman and he will get distribution in the local store. And then the second step is that the road show where we educate the villagers on the merits of Glucon-D. [video played] So thats the end of our tapes and I hope that we have illustrated to you that we really do have a proven capability to execute in these very exotic markets. And that brings me to my third point, which is well though were doing, I think we all believe our future is even brighter. We already project to be a $3 billion business by the year 2013 and that sum depends by the huge growth of the middle classes. And then on top we see some additional opportunities. We want $100 million markets and even within our top six weve got a lot of white space. Now this chart shows you the $3 billion projection. Between FY2004 and FY2008 our emerging markets business grew at a CAGR of 17.6%. Project that forward and by the year fiscal 2013 we would be about $3 billion. And as you can see, in FY2004 emerging markets were less than 10% of Heinz. In FY2008 that is going to 13% and then by FY2013 that would be up to 20%. And this is the kind of thing that gives us all confidence that this is very real. What Ive done on this chart is four columns. The left-hand column here is population. GBT growth at parity purchasing power. Packaged food spends per capita. Thats dollars per person. And then packaged food spends projected growth. And weve totaled up the six markets Ive been talking about, the top six, total emerging. And weve also totaled up the highest developed markets. And I think what you can see is very, very striking. The population in the emerging markets is 4x that of the developed markets. Look at GBT and parity purchasing power and its 3x as fast. Just look at packaged food spend per capita. Its just a fraction of what you see in the developed markets and of course, packaged food is growing much, much quicker in these markets than it is in the developed markets.
Mike Milone: Weve talked a lot about the six, but lets talk about the future. As Chris has said, we have three additional markets we are targeting to achieve $100 million in sales in the next two to three years. Those are South Africa, the Middle East, and Mexico. I will profile Mexico for just a couple of slides here. Why Mexico? Well, weve chosen Mexico based on an analysis of the various markets in Latin America and you can see first, its very sizeable. And second, its got relatively good development of our categories already, so weve got a good base from which to grow. Interestingly, all the markets listed above Mexico on this slide are markets where we currently do business and you can see how successful weve been at developing the categories. In addition, Mexico can benefit from the infrastructure that weve got through the proximity to Venezuela and the United States. Building further on that infrastructure, weve recently installed Heinz ketchup cachet making capability in Mexico. That is a huge shift and big advantage for us now going forward. So now we have the ability to supply on time quickly at a good cost and supply our customers much better. Our customer base actually gives us very strong reason to believe weve got the basis for success in Mexico because were already selling most of the customers on this page. Everyone but the big guy in the lower right-hand corner. However, the customers on the entire right-hand side dont buy any Heinz ketchup from us today. All of them buy other products from us but they cite lack of availability with local suppliers as a big barrier. Now that objection has been taken away so hopefully we can be enveloping this business very quickly.  And on the retail side weve also got very high expectations. Weve begun to build distribution starting with Walmart and some of the other major customers. Walmarts Superama format, which is their big store format, and weve got the distribution and shelf presence you see in these slides. Weve already been able to achieve a 34% share. So we think weve got the capabilities and are well poised for growth in both retail and foodservice ketchup in Mexico.
Chris Warmoth: Thanks, Mike. I think we also have additional opportunities even within our existing six markets. If you take the Heinz core categories and put them along side our emerging markets, you see plenty of opportunities. Take for example the ketchup and sauces segment. In China and India thats $2 billion or more. And yet were only just getting started. But with the Heinz and LongFong brands, with our global know-how, with our infrastructure, that looks a great opportunity. Scott, as I thought he would, set out the great work theyre doing on ketchup in Russia and thats a huge market, as he said. Even if you slip out Mayo, thats a $350 million market and I know that Steve has got some very, very exciting plans to go after that. Mike talked about Foodservice in Mexico and Scott talked about McDonalds in Russia. The Foodservice business is growing very, very fast in our top six markets. We have the know-how, we have the product range, we can participate in that growth. [inaudible] meals and snacks. LongFong is a great business. Its a $100 million brand. It competes in a $700 million market. Its already big. The penetration is low and the range of products is still modest. Big opportunity. And the Ready Meals market is still very small and we have a proven capability in that area. And then Pudliszki Ready Meals. Local Ready Meals are doing very well in Poland but outside Poland, again, that market still has huge potential. Childrens nutrition, Venezuela, Russia, China. Complan in India. We have a very good childrens group, nutrition physicians, in the emerging markets. And yet were not competing at all in the infant formula market. Thats worth at least $3 billion in these markets. Jarred foot. In China we have a big share of the market and its very small. Thats clearly an opportunity. But on the other hand, you take Russia, where Scotts been so far very focused on cereals and yet the jarred food market is already worth $170 million. And then Mike talked about Complan in Venezuela. Well, Complan is a big brand in itself, its $100 million. Its competing in a $700 million market. Opportunity in India and perhaps opportunities outside India. So where does that leave us? Well, this is what I would like you to take away from this session. First, Heinz really has a very attractive portfolio. We are in six countries. We have a very strong presence. We are focused on our three core categories and we have six very, very strong brands with great equities.  We have very strong local organizations. And I think they have a proven capability to execute in the market, innovations, marketing, and distribution. Now this business profitable and with current trends it is going to be a $3 billion business by the year 2013. And thats sum depends on this very fast growing middle class. And then finally, we see additional opportunities for accelerating growth. Mike talks about new $100 million brands. They exist. And Ive just gone through white space in the Heinz core markets in our top six. Emerging markets really are a very exciting place. I spend all my time in them and I have to say the organizations I deal with are, in my 27 years in consumer good, some of the most energetic and enthusiastic and hard-working people Ive ever come across. This is the best job Ive ever had. And even for our shareholders, even if they never set one little foot in one of these emerging markets, they should love them, too. And with that Ill hand it over to Art.
Art Winkleblack: Thanks, guys, and thanks, Chris. I think you see why were so excited about the opportunity in the emerging markets. Its one heck of a big opportunity for us. So Ive got to say thats a tough act to follow so Ive enlisted some help to kick off this final session of the days event. Kramer, always shy and retiring, right? I figured we would take an opportunity here to bring together all the things that weve talked about today and bring home the presentation. So in the next few minutes Ill summarize the plans youve heard today and provide the algorithms underpinning our exciting growth prospects for the next two years. Our plan starts with the solid grounding of where we are today. You heard it earlier but I think it bears repeating. We have very strong momentum in the business. We posted excellent growth across the key metrics of sales, operating income, EPS, and return on invested capital, all delivered during very challenging economic times.  Looking forward t FY2009 and FY2010, we are raising our guidance, from 4% on the top line to an average growth rate of 6+%. And from 7%-9% EPS growth, to a CAGR of 8%-11%. Strong organic momentum is driving the increase in our outlook. The result is that we project EPS in the range of $2.83-$2.91 for FY2009, followed by another year of strong growth in fiscal 2010.  Our two-year P&L plan represents a continuation of the organic growth and investment story that weve been executing. Our top line growth will be driven by a strong innovation agenda and continuing increases in consumer marketing and R&D.  On margins we project flat to slightly improving results with increase pricing and strong cost discipline, offsetting continued high commodity cost inflation. We believe this is the right algorithm to navigate the current environment and deliver strong overall financial performance. Now lets take a deeper look at the key drivers behind our top line growth. As Bill mentioned, they are a relentless focus on consumer-based innovation, increased R&D and marketing investment, additional pricing and period spending effectiveness, and stronger growth in emerging markets. Focusing first on innovation. We project our sales contributions from new products to increase as a percentage of overall sales. We estimate that approximately 11% of revenue growth in FY2008 emanated from new products launched over the past 36 months. Going forward, we plan to further ramp up the pace of innovations, delivering about 15% of revenue from new products.  Youve seen today a snapshot of the powerful innovation agenda we have in motion and we believe we have the right ingredients in place to accelerate our momentum. These include increased investment in market research, continuing packaging upgrades, ongoing flavor development, and enhancing the health profile of our products. Innovation and base business growth will be supported by continued increases in marketing and R&D. Weve demonstrated strong returns on our commercial investments over the last two years and were looking to build on that foundation. Because of this track record and because of the better talent, more disciplines innovation processes, and robust pipeline of consumer validated new products, we have the confidence to continue increasing our commercial investment. Our plan calls for double-digit annual increases in R&D and increases of 8%-12% in marketing. Coupled with the aggressive increases of the last two years our annual marketing spend by 2010 will have increased by around 75%, or as much as $200 million. In the current commodity cost environment pricing will play a key role in delivering the top line. With annual net price increases projected in the range of 3.5%-4.5% for fiscal 2009 and fiscal 2010.  We believe that our strong number one and number two brand positions around the globe, combined with our track record of value-added innovation, put us in an advantaged position in the industry. And through the combination of list price increases, continuing improvements in the effectiveness of our trend spending, and aggressive productivity initiatives, that we plan to offset the continued commodity cost inflation. As you just saw from Chris, Mike, and Scott, were excited about our positions in emerging markets, the capabilities we have there, and our opportunity to sustain high growth. We expect organic top line growth rates in the high teens in these markets, representing nearly 1/3 of the companys overall growth. By 2010 total emerging market sales are projected to be more than 3x larger than they were back at the start of the decade. Now pulling the pricing information and productivity story together, we believe that we can hold or even slightly improve our gross margin by FY2010. Our 3.5%-4.5% pricing will translate to approximately 2.5 points of gross margin. Similarly, we expect that we can drive about 2.5 points of productivity each year. The gains in each of these areas will be required in order to offset the expected annual inflation impact of about 500 basis points. Finally, we expect business mix to be a minor factor in the equation going forward. Now to give you a bit more prospective weve laid what weve experienced and what we expect in terms of the market prices for our commodities. We estimate that the market prices for our mix of commodities have ramped up from 3% to 5% to 8% over the last three years and we are expecting another 8%-9% over the next two years. We project continuing increases on most of our key ingredients, led by packaging, oil, tomatoes, dairy, and processed grains. Its a volatile market now and we dont have a crystal ball but we hope we have established a prudent estimate and are driving to cover it. Moving to SG&A, were planning continued leverage with SG&A as a percentage of sales dropping to around 17% by FY2010. Our plans include disciplined headcount control, simplification of distribution networks and continued streamlining of administrative activities. You will note however, that we expect slower reductions in SG&A than in the past couple of years. This reflects the fact that we are planning to reinvest even more of the productivity gains. We are building bench strength in terms of talent, enhancing organizational capabilities through global task forces, and implementing system improvements for greater visibility and efficiency. All of these actions are intended to further enhance our long-term competitiveness. We have developed a model to deliver enterprise-wide benefits and drive productivity over the longer term, well beyond FY2009 and FY2010. The concept here is to establish new capabilities and truly leverage our global scale. In short, we want to maintain our excellent local market execution, while not reinventing the wheel around the globe. In so doing our goals make Heinz more efficient and effective while developing the fuel for long-term growth. To capture this opportunity we have dedicated task forces working on the global supply chain, led by Scott OHara, and in the global sales and customer arena, led by Chris Warmoth. These efforts are complimented by functional work streams and financing human resources and integrated under what were calling Project Keystone. Keystone underpins our global effort and over time will integrate our enterprise-wide metrics, processing capabilities, and leverage technology to re-update the solution set. I want to quickly profile the efforts of our global supply chain task force. Scott and his team are directing the largest cost component in our P&L, representing nearly $6.4 billion of annual expense. As Bill indicated, the supply chain task forces has identified several key areas where significant cost reduction is possible, while at the same time increasing our level of customer service and responsiveness.  The areas that we are most excited about include center-led global visibility and sourcing, integrated supply chain planning from seed to shelf, and tying our supply chain to a more accurate demand signal; further optimization of our network across manufacturing, warehousing, and transportation, as we standardize around best practices and leverage new systems; continued SKU rationalization. Weve made tremendous progress on this in the past and theres more to come; reduction of our inventory levels to greater focus and integrated planning; and finally, ongoing strengthening of our factory footprint, as evidenced by the recent announcement of our plant closure in Foodservice. We are very excited about whats possible in the supply chain area, but a large part of the opportunity is not possible without world-class systems and processes. The goals of Project Keystone are to provide the global process and system foundation needed to build sustainable global capabilities and support future growth. Ultimately the Keystone team will help the business units implement SAP wall-to-wall around the globe. I chair this relatively new effort, which is led by a council made up of our division presidents and senior functional heads. The objectives of Keystone will not materialize overnight but the anticipated benefits are compelling, allowing the company to better leverage its existing scale, providing and sharing best practice capabilities with our operating companies around the globe, driving new levels of visibility and transparency, and providing a scaleable platform for the exciting growth that we see ahead. We have mobilized the program team with some of our most capable talent and theyre developing our global process, data, and system design. Their task is to capital on the SAP successes weve had in the UK, Canada, and India today, while also ensuring that we incorporate industry best practices.  So what does all this mean? The answer is that in the near term we are prioritizing on some of the quick wins. But even with these, were not expecting a lot of benefit in the short term. As we capture the wins we will be simultaneously investing for the future. Thus, over the two-year horizon of our High-Performance plan, we are not expecting our productivity rate to accelerate much from our recent experience. Longer term, however, we see a very significant potential opportunity. We believe the size of the prize could be as much as $400 million-$500 million, which would position us well from a long-term competitive standpoint. Net-net, we believe there is a sizeable opportunity here and a team is mobilized to go get it. Let me now close the discussion of the P&L in the snapshot to the translation of OI to EPS. We project strong OI growth, in the range of 6%-7%, while making the investments that we discussed. We then expect to leverage the OI growth to even higher EPS growth. This leverage is generated largely by a relatively flat interest expense and other expenses, partially offset by a bit higher tax rate. As you recall, we will finish fiscal 2008 with a tax rate of 30.6%. Our projection, going forward for the next two years, is a tax rate in the 31%-32% range. Not a big increase, but up slightly. Now turning to the balance sheet and cash flow, we expect to generate around $800 million of operating free cash flow in each of the next two years. This reflects continuing reductions in the cash conversion cycle, driven primarily by improvements in DII, offset by higher capital spending as we invest in production capacity and new systems. For CCC we are targeting a reduction of 2-3 days per year. And remember that we basically cut our CCC in half over the last few years. CapEx spending will be around 3.5% of sales, still relatively low by industry standards but up from our historic spending of around 2.5%-3%.  Finally, while driving significant top line growth and investing for the future, we are targeting to increase our ROIC. So over the next two years we expect to generate roughly $1.7 billion of free cash flow, after capital spending. Our priorities for use of this strong cash flow is as follows:  Maintaining our strong dividend pay out, which we targeted around 60%. This will be about $1.1 billion over the two years. The next part of it is for targeted acquisitions in our core and emerging markets. We believe we have demonstrated that we know how to grow the business and operate the business with good fiscal discipline. Thus we are looking for acquisitions to fill category or geographic white spaces. Finally, we look to reduce debt and/or do some further share repurchase activity. The net share will be dependent upon circumstances as they unfold and on whether or not we find acquisitions that will add shareholder value.  Our expectation is that we will live within the cash that we generate and that over time our debt ratios will remain level, or improve. We value having our current investment grade credit rating. As you know, our dividend yield and pay-out ratio are among the highest in our peer group. As Bill mentioned, we plan on continuing our long-standing practice of delivering dividend increases. For FY2009 we just announced a dividend increase to $1.66 per share, up more than 90%. And as we look to FY2010 we plan to again target a pay-out ratio of around 60%. As I mentioned, we currently have a strong ROIC and we expect to increase it another 20 basis points over the life of the plan. We believe this is an important measure for many shareholders so it is a key focus for senior management at Heinz and in fact, as Bill mentioned, it is one of only two measures in our long-term incentive plan.  The other measure that we know is important to shareholders is total shareholder return, or TSR. While we certainly wont try to predict our future TSR, this shows a perspective on the key components that weve built into our plan. By combining our projected EPS growth and dividend yield, you can see that we could potentially produce some strong underlying metrics to influence TSR. And since relative TSR is the other metric of the two measures in our long-term incentive plan, we focus on this one very heavily. In summary, we are clearly excited about our plans and potential opportunities that lie ahead for Heinz. To reiterate, for fiscal 2009 and fiscal 2010, we anticipate strong top line growth of 6+%, supported by significant increases in consumer marketing; potential for margin improvements, despite a very challenging commodity cost environment; strong EPS growth of 8%-11%; continued cash flow momentum; increasing ROIC off a strong base; an EPS range of $2.83-$2.91 for FY2009 and of $3.07-$3.24 for FY2010. So with that I will stop talking and turn it over to Meg and then we will open it up to questions.
Margaret Nollen: (Instructions) All right, questions.
Unidentified Analyst: In one of the pie charts earlier on it showed the co-packing costs as a percent of costs [inaudible] by mistake or presumably just over-billing dollars. At the same time were hearing that new products as a percent of sales are going to increase from 11% to 15%. I guess the question is, does that imply that your co-packing as a percent of cost is going to increase over time, because thats typically associated with the introduction of new products, and if so will that continue to pressure margins over time if that doesnt stop.
Art Winkleblack: Well, lets see. I think youve got two factors there. When we innovate, we tend to send products out so they can be worked on so that we dont have capacity before we need it. So I think you will see some of that, an increase as our new product development increases. But on the flip side of that, as we mentioned, we are ramping up capital spending so we are going to then bring back some of that in-house, so I would expect that percentage range would stay somewhere around the same area that we are now.
William R. Johnson: I think it depends on the market and on the business. One of the things we pointed out to you three or four years ago is were going to invest behind your products and trend capacity, not ahead of it. We looked at the three plants I mentioned earlier in my remarks, predominantly focused on frozen and Asia, we will still be co-packing, even with the additional capacity, because we continue to invest behind, not ahead of this, and we think thats the prudent way to go.  My own view, and Ive said this many times, I think the industry spends far too much capital on expectation of performances as opposed to meeting performance. So I think in that context were doing the right thing. And I think Art said well. It will be about the same percentage. Youll see some mix in terms of categories but I think fundamentally we have a pretty good handle on it.
Unidentified Analyst: You made a point about the Ore-Ida brand and you talked about the performance in the fourth quarter. Specifically, though, can you talk to us about, with all the pricing that you have taken on the brand, what type of volume growth would you expect for Ore-Ida in FY2009, and Im just trying to get after a little bit of what happened in the fourth quarter.
David Moran: On Ore-Ida in the fourth quarter we pulled in volume, as you know, from the first quarter. So, as we look to the first quarter of FY2009, we expect sales to be up about 20%. Volume will be up about  of that. On a full year basis, with the innovation of Steam n Mash, I would expect us to be up in the low- to kind of mid-single digit.
Unidentified Analyst: And a bigger picture for Bill and Art, can you talk about how concerned you are broadly about volume slow down in North America because of all the price increases that have to be taken in response to the commodity environment.
William R. Johnson: Well, our businesses are dependent on innovation and I think the North American pipeline of innovation is as good as in the company, and I guarantee you better than the majority of our peers. We feel very good. Dave told you hes going to get mid-single-digit sales growth this year and I think there actually could be some room on that. I think we feel very good about the innovations on TGI Fridays, we feel very good about what were doing in ketchup, we feel the innovations on Ore-Ida are a potential significant breakthrough which we really cant scale up yet because we dont know how quickly well get the distribution we need to drive that, although the selling has gone very well.  Im not concerned. You know, when you take the price increase at the end of one quarter and then at the beginning of the next quarter youre getting some compacting in terms of volume, but the rest of this business would have been up 5% in volume, so the rest of his business continues to grow pretty well in line with what weve done, even if you take the innovations we have in Ore-Ida and the innovations weve got planned elsewhere. I just dont foresee North American slowing down much in this year.
Unidentified Analyst: You talked about Foodservice slowdown and really your point big picture was traffic slowdown. Theres maybe another way Im looking at this. Why isnt it possible that you actually see volume pick up within grocery?
William R. Johnson: Well, we are seeing some volume pickup in grocery. I think the TGI Skillet Meals is a great opportunity, priced between $7-$8 dollars, to pick up people who are no longer going out but are migrating back to retail. Were seeing that clearly in our entrees business. I think you say a chart that Beth showed you earlier about the over-50 population growing, driving 96% of the growth in that retail where we are very well positioned. So, we are seeing a big pickup.  I think the context of the overall plan is we presented the pieces of that plan, it took us where we wanted to be. So I think how we come in against plan will vary with how well we have secured some of the other opportunities. But again, I think its important to note, on Foodservice our expectation are frankly not much. We dont anticipate a major turnaround. I think Dave used the term stable, weve used the term flat, which is pretty much what we expect. I think frozen will do better.  But were taking a prudent response. We have not seen a slow down as a consequence of pricing, but were still uncertain about the future so we took a fairly appropriate, in my view, fairly conservative approach on the North American business. Having said that, how many of our peer companys are telling you mid-single-digit growth is conservative?
Unidentified Analyst: For Art, for free cash flow, why does free cash flow basically seem stable when earnings are expected to grow? 
Art Winkleblack: As you saw there, Eric, I think what were seeing is more capital spending than we have done in the past and that is for two things. We are covering increases in capacity that are required for fuel outgrowth. And the other thing is we are investing more in systems going forward. So we expect good strong underlying growth dynamics in cash flow. Capital spending will be a bit higher, but as I mentioned earlier, at 3.5% were still not high by industry standards. The other thing is that were continuing to drive cash conversions. I think weve done a great job in our [inaudible]. Weve got more opportunity in re-inventory ramp, but most of the improvements youre seeing going forward in the cash conversion cycle relate to inventory. And over the past weve cut in half that cash conversion cycle so that was a big advantage for us. We see more opportunities but its not in such a big swath.
Unidentified Analyst: So based on that Project Keystone, I think you called it, so weve got a kind of flattish free cash flow, albeit at a decent level, and then ramping up after this two-year spend?
Art Winkleblack: I think over time we will see good growth in cash flow. Again, thats going to require continuing improvements with the cash conversion cycle. But as we ramp up capacity I think over time you will see a less need for that, but at this point in time we have a number of needs and its a good problem to have. Frankly, driving the top line growth at the rates we have is a good thing. We do need to spend some [inaudible]
Unidentified Analyst: And then to Scott, if Europe has been benefiting from a stronger consume over the last few years, after a really tough period, plus youve had a kind of a turnaround but I guess recent data suggests that maybe the consumer is pulling back there a bit. How do you think about that versus the kind of plans that youve put in and just what flexibility are you putting in on the assumption that that pullback really continues?
Scott O'Hara: Well, I think, Eric, thats its fair that its like in the U.S. If the economy softens a little bit in Europe, you know, I think our innovation pipeline has been incredibly powerful, were seeing, as you saw on the charts that I showed, across our total European business that our market share is doing very well, our franchise help is doing very well.  So were going to continue to drive the innovation pipeline and we do it throughout the whole range of products. We try to upgrade, as I said, the kind of core items, like the Classic soups that I showed, and the beans, as well as were trying to launch into new white space areas, whether it be packaging or things like Deli Mayos, into a segment that we dont see it in today. But I feel very good about where were at with the business and the pipeline we have to continue to drive growth.
Unidentified Analyst: My question is for Dave. David, if you look back over the past couple of years, your sales growth rate has exceeded profitability. North American Consumer. And it looks like row 9, youre calling for the reverse. Youre looking for leverage. So, Im thinking youre going to be spending more on innovation, certainly more on marketing. What would you suggest would be the major drivers of getting that leverage?
David Moran: I think all the leverage that you talked about, we are going to grow mid-single-digit on sales and almost double-digit on profit. I think theres a lot of mix in there. Were growing our biggest, most profitable brands the most with innovation and in-store conditions. And dont underestimate the pricing weve already taken and how were thinking about it going forward. We think this commodity inflation is here to stay. Were building a model to deal with that. I just had the entire North American organization in Pittsburgh, literally last week, 2,000 people, and we talked about this changing model, that we dont think its going to subside for the next few years. We hope it does, but if it doesnt, were prepared for it. The final comment that I would make is, this is a great time to be in the grocery business if you have great brands. It is absolutely a terrible time to be in the grocery business in the United States if you don not have top-tier brands. And our modeling, our belief structure of the top 100 people in North America believe that we will emerge on the other side of this inflation issue with our brands so much stronger than they are today. Private label will probably be stronger and may a bigger share, even though that really hasnt happened yet. But those second- and third-tier brands that seem to clog the shelves and not add that much value, I think its going to be tough to compete. So were blessed with a spectacular portfolio, and were chocked full of innovations that is really going to help us in this environment.
Unidentified Analyst: I have a question regarding the grade spend of the migration. Do you plan to have one trade budget for the whole line?
William R. Johnson: No, our trade budgets are allocated by business and each market has nuances that require us to spend at different levels. Europe is a little more difficult, as is Australia and New Zealand, primarily because of customer concentration and the way deals are allocated. But the pressure to reduce deals across the company is continuing on every business, and every business has made progress over the last three years with the exception of Australia and its hard to quibble with their high double-digit or the mid-double-digit profit growth and their high single-digit volume growth. So, we dont allocate it by the total company. We allocate it by business based upon the needs of the business, the nuances of the market, the exigencies of our competition and what we need to do to drive those brands. I mean one of the things youre seeing in the 16.4% G&A by the company is some markets are much higher than that, some are much lower. Some of our brands are far lower than that. You notice we havent broken those out nor will we. Some are much higher than that. We also havent broken those out.  And I think the one thing I can tell everybody is were going to be very careful going forward talking about our D&A spending. We are getting some curiosity and some questions from people that are very important to us, namely our customers, about this whole process. Theyre not concerned with what were doing, theyre concerned with how much were sort of publicizing it and not including them in that process. And thats why Dave and Art both talked earlier about the importance of partnering. But we dont do it globally, we do it locally.
Unidentified Analyst: Do you plan to put launch any of your international brands in Europe?
William R. Johnson: Well, weve got products launching all over the company. What we will do is we will take formulations, recipes, and ideas and localize them in terms of existing local brands. So we might take some ideas from LongFong or some ideas from Weight Watchers in the UK and bring them into the U.S. under the Smart Ones brand or TGI Fridays brand. And vice versa. In the last six weeks weve had the U.S. sauces team spending a fair amount of time in Europe looking at the innovations the Europeans have made. Weve had the European frozen teams in the U.S. visiting an innovation center looking at the innovations the U.S. guys have made.  And so there is lot of sharing, its just tailored by market. I think Mike gave some examples earlier of soups and how we move those from market to market. Theres more sharing and ideation across business units in this company in the last 12 months than theres been in the last 26 years.  And that is a real focal point. I mean, one of the things you should have observed was the three guys sitting up here in terms the emerging markets, was the relationship they clearly have with each other and Dave is clearly a part of that. They are willingness to share and their anxiousness to share more, because it helps them and at the end of the day all we care about are the results, not the origination of the idea.
Unidentified Analyst: Do you plan to plough profits from one place in the world to another place? Like if youre making a lot of profits in the emerging markets, do you plan to plough it, lets say, in North America?
William R. Johnson: We plan to deliver the range as we showed you. And how the allocation goes will depend on the opportunities in each business.
Unidentified Analyst: You gave a pretty strong estimate for price realization this year and you showed in your gross margin chart pricing covering about half your cost inflation. Im just curious why a lot of your peers are trying to price to their cost inflation. Is there a reason youre trailing that or is there maybe one market or one business where youre not getting . . .?
Art Winkleblack: No, I think what youre seeing Chris, is were trying to balance overall growth to drive profit dollars. So in other words our view is if you ramp up pricing too far you will impact volume disproportionately or more so than what you would like. And I think our past results over the last couple of years, youve seen us balance those levers very nicely to drive gross profit dollars and upper gain dollars. Were looking to do that going forward. So were constantly looking at the balance between pricing, volume, and productivity to make sure that the innovation driving our growth really is sustained and sustainable as we look forward.
Unidentified Analyst: Relative to the cost saving targets you put out there for the next two years, youve been very good about including the charges in your P&L, its a very high quality way of going about it. Are there more of those sort of charges coming through to achieve these costs? Is that something you can talk about?
Art Winkleblack: We spent about $25 million in FY2009 in terms of investments for the future. As we look forward, were looking to continue to ramp that up. Others of our peers have successfully done that and then built in the capability to absorb one-time investments or whatever the case might be. Were certainly looking to follow that same path. And so over time we will ramp that up and well talk to you more about it as things unfold.
Unidentified Analyst: Art, in your projection for cash flow, its for $1.7 billion over the next two years, youre also saying theres actually going to be some debt reduction with those funds. I mean, mathematically it looks like theres going to be a lot less cash available for share repurchase than in the last two, I actually thought you might increase debt along with the growth of your company. Has something changed there?
Art Winkleblack: No, I think what youre seeing, as our business grows, certainly weve got our debt ratios and we watch those very carefully, but as the business grows and even if you maintain a flat debt ratio, that allows you to increase your debt somewhat.  I think what youre hearing from us is that we are very excited about our growth opportunities and the reality is I would love to see us fill in some of the white spaces geographically, especially in the emerging markets and some more core categories and so were looking hard for some of those acquisitions. Personally, I would prioritize that higher than share repurchases at this time. To the extent that we didnt find the acquisitions that we wanted, we would certainly look more at share repurchase.
William R. Johnson: I think fundamentally were keeping our powder dry. As I said to you in my comments, we are seeing more $50 million-$100 million M&A opportunities than weve seen in maybe 5-6 years. Predominantly, if not totally, outside the U.S. Particularly in Europe and the emerging markets. Thats our focus. Weve built a great infrastructure, weve got great management teams who are hungry to build on their categories and to grow those categories even more. So were going to let this play out for a while and then we will revisit this with you later. Assuming how this goes.
Unidentified Analyst: Theres a lot of talk about consumers trading down out of restaurants into grocery stores and even trading down within grocery to private label. Im just wondering, since you have a very strong collection of brands, are your consumers telling you anything about, since they are eating more at home, that they are valuing the brand more than they did in the past. I mean, theres plenty of evidence, or at least speculation, that brand is dying or dead because of private label emergence, Im sure you would agree. But would current economic trends actually help you to that degree?
William R. Johnson: Let me address overall and then let me let the guys address that. Brands are more powerful now than they have ever been. And the reality is while consumers may be telling you, the reactions in terms of our market shares and our penetration is increasing, because consumers, when they dont have as much economic upside as they thought they did, they go to things they know and trust. And what they and trust are great brands. And we have great brands. It goes back to the comment that Dave made earlier, that we think its very germane whats going to happen over the next two to four years, and thats is that second-tier brands are going to come under significant pressure and find themselves squeezed between the trades opportunity to drive private label and the number one brands opportunity to increase penetration. Youve seen Dave do it in ketchup, youve seen it in Ore-Ida and other brands. So, I think overall we view this change as a positive, overall. There will clearly be some dislocation in smaller markets or in other segments, and were perfectly prepared for that, but I think its more appropriate to let these guys answer whats going on in their own regions.
Art Winkleblack: If you actually look a the private labels profit model, they actually have just as much pressure from cost, if not more than we do. So were seeing a lot of upward pressure in their businesses as well and some are having difficulty maintaining supply in their contracts with customers. So were not seeing that, we have a lot of great opportunities with our brands and the environment remains prime for us to grow.
Scott O'Hara: The only thing I would say on that is that particularly now, given the economic situation, consumers are looking for values. And if theyre getting great value, whether its new product innovation or in the core, theyre going to continue to support our business. Certainly for me in Europe, we havent seen the trade down into private label in our large categories to date. Clearly its something that we watch and monitor but we think that given the innovation plan and the strong support weve put behind the business, that consumers stay in our franchise.
Chris Warmoth: And Beth and I mentioned the Millward Brown equity study. Thats the first time Heinz has ever down a study like that which was totally consistent around the world. I think we knew our brands were strong, I think we were pleasantly surprised how many were up there in that top right-hand quadrant. If you talk to Millward Brown, they will say brands up there are more resilient and have better future potential for growth. And of course, weve identified some opportunities and Scott talked about Heinz in Russia where we can build our presence, and move it into that top quadrant. So I think thats rather given us a lot of new insights on a global scale.
Unidentified Analyst: On the Foodservice side, you said in your guidance you do not assume much of a recovery in that area in the U.S., that it would be stable in terms of profitability there and that you would be having conversations with these accounts about the value of the Heinz brand. Could you give us a sense of what youre presenting in terms of data, whats the big argument youre making with these accounts. Obviously the big guy, McDonalds, does not have Heinz. So Im just curious to see what youre showing them to convince them of the value of Heinz.
William R. Johnson: Well, were not going to mention customers, for a lot of reasons. Namely, many of them are probably listening. And we found its safer over a period of time not to reference any specific customers. I think our general plan is to remind the customers of the importance of our brands. I dont think that you should take out of that the context that were going to do disproportionate pricing. I think what were showing our customers is data thats new to them which is the disproportionate impact were feeling from commodity costs relative to our other businesses.  And as Art told you it was 12% across the year in Foodservice. Thats 50% bigger than what we said as the company as a whole. So thats data that we have not shown them.We have built the model that drives volume, has not driven value. What theyre doing is just changing the mindset of the model to value rather than volume. So when we have opportunities with accounts, instead of chasing small volume runs, were going to chase opportunities for more value creation in the importance of our brand. But Im not going to comment on the magnitude of pricing by customer. One, its not appropriate, and two, its a lot of the stuff is still ongoing.
Unidentified Analyst: Im also curious about where you are in that process in the confidence level and achieving this year.
William R. Johnson: Obviously we said Foodservice this year would be stable or flat. Were not anticipating any substantial upside. You saw where the numbers were this year relative to last years, so were not expecting any significant improvement in that so I think you can draw your own conclusions from what were saying.
David Moran: Our new leader of Foodservices is Vernon Coley. Hes a very high quality marketing person that most recently was on the CP side who started his career with another company in Foodservice so he understand the business. And were going to be moving to more innovation and new ideas. Thats the only thing that I would add to Bills point.
Unidentified Analyst: Art, I believe that you mentioned that ROIC is one of the metrics that the senior leadership team is measured against. When I look at the target that you put out for ROIC by fiscal 2010 it was only about a 20 basis point improvement from where we ended fiscal 2008. It seems that you other targets are much more aggressive than that and they are probably realistic. Im just wondering why the ROIC target seems to be rather skimpy?
Art Winkleblack: First of all, we have a very healthy ROIC now, so compared to our peers were slightly higher the last time I checked. I think first of all, weve got a very strong return on investment capital. Were well more than covering our cost of capital. Its about growth now and so I think what we want to do is invest behind that growth and that would be capital that the systems, to the extent that we can get some acquisitions, we will do so, and as you know, even bolt-on acquisitions dont help your ROIC in the short term. So I think were giving ourselves a little room on that. Because again, this is about growth and driving the top line and then driving the bottom line.
William R. Johnson: I think theres a balance. Weve got a lot of metrics up there. Some can be questioned as too aggressive, others not ambitious enough. We do what we can in terms of getting as much balance as we can and I think Art said it best, we are focused on driving the growth in this business. I want to make a comment in that regard. We hear other people talking about emerging market business and the future and so forth. What you say today is a real business led by real people with real brands, real execution capabilities, real results and a real promise in terms of the magnitude of potential of that business over the next two to five years. And I think if in that context, if we continue to drive that growth, one of the things thats likely to happen to us, were going to find the need for additional capacity. Maybe even beyond what weve set. We re clearly looking at new capacity in Asia, we are clearly looking at opportunities, as Mike pointed out, in Mexico.  What Mike didnt tell you is that Venezuelan baby food business has grown 34% this year, we built a new line in November, installed it, its already full capacity. Were adding another line in another market to help absorb that. My guess is about an hour after that line is up it will be full. And so were going to continue to invest. Its a nice problem. Its a problem that many of our peers would gladly take. And so I think its just a balance and its just trying to recognize the tradeoffs were going to make and do the best we can in terms of projecting where were going to go.
Unidentified Analyst: Scott, in the press release it mentioned that the Italian infant business was down in Q4. Could you give us any general comments on the competitive environment in Italy for infants and has there been any improvements over the past few months since the recent industry consolidation.
Scott O'Hara: We havent seen any impact from the industry consolidation. Its a fantastic business. The Plasmon brand has an incredible brand equity. I think any of our peers would love to have that. It is a competitive market. Our business is stabilized there and we have got a phenomenal innovation pipeline. Its focused on the Plamon brand, which is the core business and were really excited about where that business is going to go. It will continue to be a very competitive market for us and we recognize that. We feel really good about the plans we have in place and its a great business to have.
Unidentified Analyst: You spent a lot of the morning talking about value-added innovation across all the businesses and then in the gross margin bridge it looked as though mix was not to be much of a contributor. Is that simply geographic mix working against product mix? And then one for Dave. Can you comment on any notable changes in the changes in the competitive environment in NACP?
William R. Johnson: Let me comment first on the mix. That is business unit mix so if you think about it, as emerging markets grow theyve got a slightly lower gross in operating margin than the rest of the company. That would be a negative factor. On the other hand we expect most of our developing markets to grow faster than Foodservice. Foodservice tends to be a lower margin. So weve got a few offsetting factors. But that line in that chart is meant to be only geographic business unit mix, not product mix. Within each of the business units I think youre seeing some positive mix impact as we go forward.
David Moran: On CP, not much of a change. What I would say to you is, over the last five our six years, we really didnt take any price increases. And we got net pricing by reducing deals and allowance in the U.S. by about 1000 basis points and weve been public about that. We lived on that for a lot of years. And I think our retailers, and I would go so far to say our consumers, realize that we have held pricing down. Thats given the right and the bullishness to go into the marketplace. Private label is matching us. It takes about 4-6 months because they have contracts and they have to work through it. But these are all direct material cost inflation issues. These are not margin enhancing. Were not margin grabbing. So we are seeing private label go up with us, 4-6 months later, almost to a the tenth of a percent on two or three of our biggest businesses. Again, second- or third-tier brands are not following because the role that they play for retailers has been less expensive product and thats the role that they play and theyre having difficulty in this pricing environment.
Unidentified Analyst: If youre getting pricing of 3.5%-4.5% and youre saying that your developed market revenue is expected to be mid-single digits, is volume growth up 1%, is that conservative? Maybe you can address the fact that youre ranking up a lot of marketing so is that conservative?
Art Winkleblack: The thing about the dynamic, weve talked about 6+% top line, so 3.5%-4.5% pricing, that leaves 1.5%-2.5% of volume. We certainly hope thats a conservative assumption and depending upon the mix of growth that we see, well see if we can do it on the upside there. But thats the way the math works in the plan as we have it laid out.
Unidentified Analyst: Scott, currency has obviously been a nice benefit and I think in your remarks today you said it did give you some benefit on the operating line.
Scott O'Hara: Not in my presentation so much, but in the press release it does break out the FX impact versus organic growth. Clearly there was a tailwind in fiscal 2008. Right now we expect that there would be much less of a tailwind in fiscal 2009 and there would be much more organic growth.
Unidentified Analyst: I guess what I was wondering is have you put mechanisms in place, are you anticipating maybe the Euro comes down against the dollar, you could buy a little bit, maybe a lot?
Art Winkleblack: I think theres two aspects to this. There is the translation aspect, there is the transaction aspect. And the transaction standpoint, currency is working very much against us, particularly in Europe. Remember we produce ketchup and condiments on the continent to ship to the UK, which is our largest ketchup market. We think Russia eventually will be but right now its the UK. And the Euro, relative to the pound, has strengthened pretty considerably over the last six to twelve months. So that is one thing going against us. Same thing is pretty much true with the kiwi and the aussie where weve seen some dislocation, although that seems to be coming back this week. I think from a translation standpoint we pretty much have a hedged book. Were about 40% outside the international markets, 60% inside the international markets. We expect over time the Asian currencies to continue to strengthen. Now theres a lot of jawboning going on around that but we think those things will continue to strengthen. As our position in those markets grows we think we will be a beneficiary of that. Which we think might allow us to offset anything that happens in the Euro.  Now were talking about some volatility on a minor level. Were not talking about wholesale changes between the dollar, the Euro, and the pound. We think the pound probably has more downside vis--vis the Euro. But a lot of it is just going to depend on the economies and interest rates.  We tend to on translation lock in a quarter. We have not historically locked in beyond that. Obviously something we are always looking at to see if it makes sense.
Unidentified Analyst: Ive asked it before but I do think its, the company is obviously doing well now. Those of us who have been following the business for a while know the struggles of years ago. So youve spent more time in the last few conference calls talking about human resource talent. I assume with the company doing better its easier to bring in talent, but can you talk a little bit about, having been with the company a long time, Chairman, CEO, COO, President, what is your outlook in terms of responsibility and how do you see your role changing and potentially bringing in more delegation of responsibility?
William R. Johnson: Well, you forgot that I also cleaned the floors at night. Just look around me. Look to my right and look to my left. I stack this team up against anybody in the industry. Quite frankly, its better than anybody in the industry, with maybe one possible exception. These guys are getting a lot of autonomy delegated to them. We run these businesses very autonomously on a localized level. Its one of the reasons we can be successful. If we get the right people in place, we empower and we give them the resources, they drive it well.  Clearly, when youve been in a job as long as I have you have a Board and its a very topical governance issue. We are very focused on what happens when I retire 15 or 20 years from now. And thats about as precise as youre going to get out of me. But we have a very robust succession plan across all aspects of our company. Not just in terms of the way you look at me and potential succession for me, but all levels. And weve got the deepest bench weve ever had. Ive got four or five COOs sitting around me who are running terrific business. They have an enormous amount of freedom in the way they operate.  Its allowed me to do what I want to do, which is spend more time creating the succession opportunities around the company, developing people, really improving our skill set. All these guys are undergoing enormous training regimens and development processes whether it be spending two months at Harvard, tailored programs like were doing at Carnegie Mellon. And what Im telling you that this company is blessed with the talent sitting next to me than can run any company in this industry. I think thats a nice thing for the Board to recognize and they do.  In due time and as things progress as they should, this company is well established with bench, well set up to move forward, and right now these guys are running their businesses better than anybody in the industry and I wouldnt trade this team for anybody. So eventually quarterbacks get old and quarterbacks retire. So eventually those things happen and Im blessed to have five guys or six guys around me who can quarterback this team very well.
Margaret Nollen: There are no further questions.  This concludes our webcast. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-02-26 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Meg Nollen  VP IR Art Winkleblack  EVP, CFO Ed McMenamin  SVP Finance, Corporate Controller
Analysts: David Driscoll  Citi Investment Research Chris Growe  Stifel Nicolaus Todd Duvick  Bank of America Terry Bivens  Bear Stearns Alexia Howard  Sanford Bernstein Eric Serotta  Merrill Lynch Ann Gurkin  Davenport Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank Bob Cummings  [Sheils] & Company Robert Moskow  Credit Suisse Pablo Zuanic  J.P. Morgan Andrew Lazar  Lehman Brothers
Operator: Good morning, my name is Regina and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the H.J. Heinz Company fiscal year 2008 third quarter earnings conference call. This call is being recorded at the request of H.J. Heinz Company. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question and answer session. If you would like to ask a question during this time, please press star then the number one on your telephone keypad. If you would like to withdraw your question, press the pound key. I would now like to turn the call over to Meg Nollen, Vice President Investor Relations. Ms. Nollen, you may begin your conference.
Meg Nollen: Thank you Regina and good morning, Id like to welcome everyone to our conference call and webcast. Copies of the slides used in todays presentation are available on our website at Heinz.com. Joining me today is Art Winkleblack, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and Ed McMenamin, Senior Vice President Finance and Corporate Controller. Todays question and answer session has been password protected. Any investor or analyst who would like to pose a question and who does not yet have the password, please email Lori Varady in Investor Relations at lori.varady@us.hjheinz.com. Please be advised that any caller entering the Q&A session under false pretenses will be immediately disconnected. Before we begin with our prepared remarks, lets refer to the forward looking statement currently displayed. This is also available in this mornings earnings release and in our most recent SEC filings. To summarize, during our presentation we may make predictive statements about our business that are intended to clarify our results for your understanding. We ask you to refer to our August 1st and October 31st 2007 10Qs and our May 2nd 2007 form 10K which lists some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in our predictions. Heinz undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by securities laws. We may also use non GAAP financial measures in our presentation as the company believes such measures allow for consistent period to period comparison of the business. And as directly comparable GAAP financial measures and reconciliations of these non GAAP measures are available in the companys earnings release and in the slides accompanying this presentation, which are available on our website, again at Heinz.com. So with the formalities out of the way, let me turn the call over to Art Winkleblack to discuss these great results. Art.
Art Winkleblack: Thanks Meg and good morning everyone. Im pleased to report that Heinz sustained its excellent sales, profit and cash flow momentum in the third quarter of fiscal 2008. We generated very strong sales growth of 14%, driven by broad based organic growth of more than 8.5%. Operating income grew 8% while investing an additional 16% in consumer marketing and while overcoming very high commodity cost inflation. Our EPS was $0.68, was up 3%, despite a significant year over year increase in the tax rate. And operating free cash flow more than doubled during the quarter, putting us basically in line with the cash flow we generated through the first nine months of last year. Overall, Q3 was another very strong quarter for the company. Our sales growth continues to be paced by our top 15 brands which increased by 17% in the quarter. This includes 6 brands that grew by 20% or more and the global Heinz brand which grew by almost 15%, 9% on an organic basis. Importantly, every one of these top brands posted positive sales gains in the quarter. Looking at our results by category, we posted strong double digit increases in each of our three core categories, our ketchup and sauces and meals and snacks categories each rose by almost 14% while infant nutrition led the way growing by 17%. Were very pleased that all of our global categories are healthy and growing at a very brisk pace. The growth in the infant nutrition business reflects strong results around the globe, with excellent momentum in Italy, India, Latin America, Canada, Australia, New Zealand and China. Heinz is capitalizing on the intersection of two very powerful dynamics, one our fastest growing global food categories and the burgeoning middle classes in emerging markets. Heinz is leveraging these dynamics with successful innovation, a worldwide up-aging strategy and strong growth in our core jarred, cereal and biscuit ranges. Heinzs progress in emerging markets continues to be a clear point of differentiation from many of our peers. These markets delivered nearly 30% sales growth in Q3 or 21% on a purely organic basis. Overall, the emerging markets accounted for more than 12% of Heinz total sales in the quarter and represented 23% of our total sales growth. We continue to invest behind our strong brands and infrastructure in these markets. Remember that these businesses are quite profitable for us and they generate positive cash flow. Weve developed strong competencies operating in these high growth economies and are becoming increasingly important contributors to Heinz profitable growth. Our organic sales growth in the quarter was well balanced between volume and net pricing, up 5.2% and 3.4% respectively. The 3.4% increase in price is the highest quarterly increase weve achieved in five years and as you can see, our pricing momentum has generally been building over the last seven quarters. Heinz continues to beat commodity inflation through a potent mix of strong organic growth, pricing, productivity and foreign exchange. Our strategy is to drive strong gross profit growth which in the present environment means a trade off of some gross margin. Over the long term we believe this is the best approach for optimizing top and bottom line growth. Our ability to drive volume and net price improvements is being fueled by investments in innovation and brand building. The third quarter represented the sixth quarter out of the past seven to include double digit increases in consumer marketing. R&D also increased at a double digit rate in the quarter as we continue to strengthen our global innovation pipeline. Looking at segment performance, we are proud of the fact that each one of our major lines of business posted positive organic sales growth. We continued to achieve double digit growth in Asia Pacific and the rest of world and delivered another outstanding quarter in North American consumer products with nearly 10% growth. With that overview, Id like to take you on a quick tour around Heinz world to highlight some of the products and innovations that are driving our growth. Starting with US food service, we had a strong quarter at the top line, posting 4% volume growth. Heinz is a leader in the food service business with some of the strongest brands in the industry. We are increasingly partnering with our casual dining customers to develop the concept of complete meal solutions which led to a double digit increase in sales of our proprietary soups and better than 20% growth in deserts during the quarter. While we delivered a solid top line, profits in this segment continue to be below prior year levels as a result of reduced traffic in some customer accounts and disproportionate commodity cost increases affected the business. Going forward, were working to leverage the scale of our combined North American retail and food service businesses to drive profitable growth. Turning to Europe, where Scott OHara and his team are generating a very rich innovation pipeline, our top line continues to gather steam. Our ketchup business in Europe enjoyed another strong quarter with sales up more than 12%. This performance reflected effective advertising, increased penetration of top down and reduced sugar and salt varieties in continental Europe, record market shares in Spain, TK with a twist in UK and continued robust growth of the Heinz brand in Russia and the Pudliszki brand in Poland. In the last 12 months, the UK ketchup business has topped 100 million pounds sterling for the first time, reflecting a value share of 80.5%. Growth in the UK was very strong in Q3 with nearly 90% of our product lines demonstrating a volume share growth in the quarter and nearly 60% in value share growth. Heinz soups were particularly robust as we drove growth in the ambient soup category at a rate that outpaced the chilled soup category for the first time in several years. Our soup sales were up 21% this year on the continued strength of new ranges, including farmers market, taste of home and soups of the world. Also in the UK, Heinz continues to drive category growth in convenience meals, including our new single serve snap pot beans and pasta hoops. Snap pots already contribute 6 points to our beans share and 75% of snap pots volume has been incremental to our base beans business. We are now about 90% distribution with excellent repeat purchase rates making snap pots one of the most successful UK grocery launches this year. Another drive of our growth in Europe is the successful rollout of Weight Watchers branded products in a number of new markets across the continent. We launched Weight Watchers big soups in Germany, Austria and Switzerland in the quarter which helped increase our sales of Weight Watchers products across Europe by more than 30%. Total Weight Watchers and Smart Ones sales worldwide are now more than $700 million on an annual basis as we continue to build on our advantaged position in weight management. Meanwhile, in Poland, our Pudliszki brand continues its torrid growth rate, led by the very popular ready meals brand. During the quarter, Pudliszki grew 45%. Turning to North America consumer products, Dave Moran and his team posted another quarter of great results. In the very competitive US and Canadian markets, the consumer products group has driven strong organic results for more than three and a half years. Both the US and Canadian businesses are consistently generating top line growth as new products and strong sales execution are delivering real value to our customers and consumers. The Smart Ones brand in particular continues its strong performance in the US and Canada. Smart Ones fruit inspirations launched during the quarter is ahead of plan in the US and our anytime selections varieties launched earlier this year, very strong as well. The relocation of Smart Ones deserts to the frozen meals isle in the grocery store has created an impactful cross selling opportunity that has dramatically increased sales of deserts. Smart Ones in Canada, meanwhile, is driving the nutritional meals category as we continue to increase share since our launch last year. We are ahead of the launch expectations we set a year ago and have captured more than 14% of the market north of the border. Ore-Ida, the leader in the US retail frozen potato market delivered another strong quarter with sales growth of over 19%. These results were driven by improved mix and the timing of our second announced price increase this fiscal year on french fries as we strive to keep up with escalating commodity costs. Importantly, we completed the removal of all trans fats in Ore-Ida products during the quarter and increased marketing on our roasted potato varieties in line with the strategy to accelerate growth beyond fries. Looking north of the border again, Heinz achieved a record ketchup share in Canada at 81.2% in the quarter. We expect to sustain this momentum by replicating the successful US ketchup category upsizing strategy accompanied by the rollout of the fridge fit bottle beginning this week. Looking east, our Asia Pacific segment posted 14% organic sales growth for the quarter and as we continue to drive excellent growth in the Pacific markets of Australia and New Zealand and in the Asian markets of Indonesia, China and India. This is the 13th quarter in a row of organic growth in this segment. In Australia, our teams generated 23 quarters in a row of positive sales growth. In Q3, sales growth was 35% reflecting broad based increases across the product portfolio. This growth was driven by our Cottees and Roses brands acquired earlier this year, which are performing ahead of expectations, favorable foreign exchange and continued organic growth in convenience meals including Heinz big eat and microwavable soups and new infant nutrition products like cook at home toddler pasta sauces. In New Zealand, sales of the Watties brand grew 17% for the quarter and grew 6%, volume grew 6%. Sales of steam fresh vegetables, a technology pioneered in New Zealand by Heinz several years ago, increased a very strong 39%. The Watties brand also enjoyed excellent growth in condiments, sauces and infant nutrition. Watties is an iconic and growing brand in New Zealand and the total brand portfolio represents more than $0.06 out of every grocery dollar spent in that market. Turning to key Asia markets, we achieved excellent growth in Indonesia, China and India under the strong leadership of Chris Warmoth and his team. Innovation and strong commercial execution in Indonesia drove the 32% sales increase led by the re-launch of our abc soy sauce. Our long fong brand in China continued to be one of the fastest growing brands in the company with sales increasing 34%. The balance of our Chinese business grew strongly as well, based on another great quarter of growth in the infant nutrition business. And in India, strong marketing and sales execution drove momentum in our Glucon-D energy drink and Complan nutritional beverages resulting in sales growth of 34%. We continue to expect these Asian emerging markets to be a major growth driver for the company going forward. Finally, lets move to the rest of the world segment. What that segment lacks in scale, it makes up for in growth under the guidance of Mike Milone and his team. Rest of world posted the highest organic growth rate in the quarter, up 17.5%. As in other parts of the business, this represents the continuation of an excellent trend as ROW is well on its way to achieving its third year in a row of positive sales growth. The growth in rest of world is being led by strong sales in Latin America, up 25% in the quarter, primarily driven by strong growth in infant nutrition. The new production line installed last quarter is already at full capacity and were currently evaluating several options for additional capacity to keep up with this strong demand. While not large yet, our business in South Africa generated very strong growth in the quarter as well, up 22%. Now with that quick world tour, I hope you can see that our brands and businesses are very healthy. The third quarter represented the 11th consecutive quarter of organic sales growth for the company and the fourth in a row at 5% or better on an adjusted basis. The quality of our earnings continues to be strong. As I mentioned, weve increased consumer marketing spending at a double digit rate in six out of the last seven quarters. All of this growth at the top line is important because its generating some terrific results at the bottom line. Our 8% increase in operating income in Q3 represents our tenth quarter in a row of positive OI growth, again after adjusting history for the 53rd week in 2006. Ill now turn it over to Ed who will walk you through a more thorough update of the numbers for the quarter and year to date. Ed.
Ed McMenamin: Thanks Art and good morning everyone. We are very pleased with our strong top line momentum, the returns from increased investments in marketing and innovation and our ability to sustain strong operating income growth. As Art mentioned, we drove excellent results for the quarter with sales up almost 14%, operating income up 8% and EPS up 3% to $0.68, overcoming the 560 basis points increase in the [satch] rate. You can see that we continued to refocus our marketing investment, pulling an additional 70 basis points out of trade spending and redeploying it to consumer marketing, up another 16% this quarter. Gross profit dollars were up 10% while gross margin was down 130 basis points as we incurred significant commodity cost increases. Our strong top line growth has been the main driver of our 8% increase in operating income. Organic sales were up 8.6% this quarter and with 60% of our operations outside of the US, our diversified global portfolio has enabled us to benefit from foreign exchange to further enhance our growth. Now lets take a deeper look at the income statement. Gross profit increased 10% despite significant commodity cost pressure, powered by strong sales, continued focus on productivity improvements and favorable foreign exchange. As I mentioned before, marketing support was up 16%, an even higher rate than our strong top line growth while SG&A decreased 50 basis points as a percentage of sales. Below operating income, net expenses rose $6 million in the quarter with net interest expense up $13 million, partially offset by gains on foreign currency contracts. The 8% growth in net profit before taxes translated to $219 million of net income, consistent with last year. The higher effective tax rate, 31.6%, versus 26% last year had about a $0.06 impact on EPS for the quarter. The increase in the tax rate versus last year was primarily due to last years benefit from the reversal of the foreign tax reserves. Our effective tax rate for this quarter was lower than our previous expectations due to favorable tax audit settlements for several of our foreign businesses. Looking forward, we expect our full year tax rate to be about 31% or slightly better. And finally, our EPS growth benefited from a reduction in fully diluted shares outstanding of just over 3%. The overall sales increase was driven by very strong volume of 5.2%, pricing of 3.4% and foreign exchange of 5.3%. Organic sales growth for the quarter was well ahead of our targeted growth rate and well ahead of the growth generated by many of our peers. Notably, we delivered this growth on top of 3.7% organic growth in the same quarter last year. Net pricing was up 3.4% as price increases to offset commodity pressures added to the top line for all of our segments, with the exception of US food service, where we were down slightly due to promotional timing. Sales performance was up across the board. Food service delivered almost 4% top line growth while every other segment was up double digits. I wont spend a lot of time on this chart since our previously discussed our sales performance around the world and the components of our sales growth by segment are provided in the press release. An important factor driving our top line growth has been increased investment in consumer marketing. For the quarter, we increased marketing investment by $13 million to support consumer driven innovation and our top brands. Taking a bit broader view of Q3, weve increased third quarter marketing at a compound annual growth rate of almost 18% for the last two years which has helped drive compounded sales and operating income growth of around 9%. Clearly this investment is yielding results. Gross profit for the quarter reached $935 million, up 10% this year on top of the 7% increase last year. Our ability to drive price, volume and productivity has enabled us to deliver solid profit growth despite the impact of commodities. Taking a closer look at the cause of change for gross margin, our net price increase of 3.4% contributed 190 basis points to gross margin, while commodity and other inflation of about 9% reduced gross margin by 610 basis points. The cost of virtually all of our key ingredients increased, led by dairy, oils and grains, all up more than 25%. Offsetting a portion of these increases was 260 basis points of productivity [unintelligible] to drive pricing up and to aggressively drive productivity initiatives to offset escalating commodity costs in the industry. Leverage of SG&A was an important tool in offsetting the commodity impact on gross margin and driving profitability for the quarter. Excluding marketing expenses, our SG&A costs were 16.7% of sales, down 50 basis points from Q3 of last year and 100 basis points better than FY06, this despite double digit annual increases in R&D spending. We plan to continue to aggressively manage G&A while we have begun to ramp up the investment in task forces to strengthen our global capabilities and systems and we expect this to continue into fiscal 2009. Turning to operating income, you can see that all of our operating segments were above prior year with the exception of food service. We drove strong double digit profit increases in North American consumer products, Asia Pacific and in the rest of world and posted an 8% increase in Europe. The 13% growth in North American consumer products is primarily due to strong sales growth and productivity improvements, partially offset by heavy commodity cost and marketing expense increases. The increase in European profit reflects strong organic sales growth along with the benefits from foreign currency, partially offset by increased commodity and manufacturing costs, particularly in the UK and frozen businesses. The 38% growth in Asia Pacific reflects excellent profit moment in Australia, Indonesia, China and India, aided by foreign exchange. The 11% growth in rest of world was largely driven by another great quarter of organic sales and profit growth in Latin America. Operating income in US food service decreased 14% despite a good performance at the top line. This reflects the disproportionate impact from commodity costs which were partially offset with favorable commodity futures contracts. The increase in non operating cost is primarily due to the investments in improved processes and systems that I mentioned earlier. Looking briefly at the balance sheet for the quarter, we drove an additional $1 billion improvement in cash conversion cycle and our capital spending as a percentage of revenue remained fairly flat at 2.6%. Operating free cash flow of $186 million was $114 million better than last year, more than twice last years performance, aided by a reduction in tax payments. Now lets take a very brief look at where we are through nine months. The year to date P&L scorecard shows a continuation of our strong trends. Sales are up over 12%, operating income up almost 11% and EPS up nearly 10%. Our sales growth is led by our top 15 brands, which are up almost 14% on a year to date basis and by our emerging markets where sales are up a very strong 23%. Operating income growth of 11% largely reflects our strong organic sales growth of over 7%. Additionally, while its not shown on the scorecard, as a percentage of revenue, weve reduced SG&A costs net of marketing by 100 basis points which more than offsets the gross margin drop of 90 basis points related to higher commodity costs. Our EPS grew almost 10% despite the 190 basis point increase in the year to date tax rate. Additionally, we have increased our investment in consumer marketing by 21%, R&D by 16% and have taken 80 basis points out of trade spending while delivering these strong results. The year to date balance sheet scorecard reflects an improvement of two days in the cash conversion cycle and an increase in ROIC of 100 basis points. The improvement in CCC reflects better performance in payables and the higher ROIC was driven by base business improvements and the FAS 158 pension accounting change. Cash flow from operating activities was up over $80 million while operating free cash flow was down roughly $10 million from the prior year. This was a result of $50 million more capital investment and $40 million less in proceeds from asset disposals. Looking forward to the full year, we are on target to deliver our commitment of approximately $825 million for the year. Finally, net debt is up about 4% reflecting our share repurchases. As youll recall, were targeting $500 million in net share repurchases this fiscal year and were about 2/3rds of the way there through nine months. With that, Ill turn it back to Art who will comment on our full year outlook.
Art Winkleblack: Thanks Ed. Before we take your questions Id like to make a few comments regarding our outlook for the balance of the year. We expect to finish the year well ahead of the original projections that were part of the superior value and growth plan communicated back in June of 2006. We now forecast our sales to grow by at least 10% for the year and we have a shot at achieving $10 billion in sales for the first time in the companys history. In doing so we expect to invest approximately 15% more in consumer marketing than we did last year and over the 07-08 time period we anticipate exceeding our two year target of increasing marketing spending by $100 million. In thinking about our marketing spending in Q4 and remember that we are overlapping a 44% increase in consumer marketing in Q4 of last year. We believe that operating income for the full year will be up a very strong 8-9%, even after the impact of commodity inflation, double digit increases in consumer marketing and R&D, the spending associated with SAP and our task forces to strengthen global capabilities. We expect EPS to grow by 9-10% versus last year which would put us in the $2.60-$2.62 range for the full year in line with our pre earnings release announcement. Keep in mind that this forecast factors in an increase in the tax rate which we expect to be 31% [audio interrupt] slightly better for the full year. Finally, we expect to have another strong finish to the year on cash flow in line with our trends in prior years. At $825 million, operating free cash flow will be about 8.3% of sales for the year. And in general, were looking to deliver on these full year targets and invest for a strong future going forward. As we look forward to fiscal 09 and beyond, were bullish on the outlook for Heinz. We believe we have demonstrated that we have the brands, the people and the capabilities to drive strong growth. We plan to share the final full year results with you on May 29th at our earnings release and will discuss our plans going forward at our investor conference in New York that day as well. Now with that, we will be happy to take your questions.
Operator: At this time I would like to remind everyone, in order to ask a question please press star followed by the number one on your telephone keypad. Your first question will be from the line of David Driscoll of Citi Investment Research.
David Driscoll  Citi Investment Research: Thanks a lot, good morning everyone. Well first off congratulations on a good quarter and a great start to the year. Art Id like to ask you about margins and pricing. So certainly the earnings is coming out where wed like to see it but the margins of course have declined something about 80 basis points in the quarter. Can you talk to us a little bit about the level of pricing and the level of productivity, AKA the offset that you would have to commodity inflation and where do you see these numbers trending going forward over the next couple of quarters? Should we see a continued ramp in pricing?
Art Winkleblack: Yeah I think what youve seen David is that were quite successfully getting pricing through the markets. Its never an easy situation but I think we and the rest of our peers are certainly facing some very, very high commodity costs and as we sit down with our customers and talk through it we are successfully getting price through. Youre seeing that pricing has ramped up over the last seven quarters or so as I mentioned. We would expect that pricing would continue to ramp up as required to as it relates to the commodity costs. So this is very much commodity cost driven and as I mentioned, what were trying to do is drive for absolute dollar profit growth both in terms of gross profit and operating income as opposed to being overly concerned with the margins in the short term. Given the pressures of commodities that we have seen, we think that the best long term answer for both top line and bottom line growth is to price to almost cover commodities but not, certainly not go past that which would be required in order to hold the margin up.
David Driscoll  Citi Investment Research: Understand, one question on marketing in the emerging market. This has really been a tremendous growth story for the company. Can you give us some outline as to what your marketing plans have been there? How much has marketing increased in those [audio interrupt] that?
Art Winkleblack: You know I think in general weve been increasing marketing at a higher rate in our emerging markets and in fact in many of our emerging markets, the percent of sales is higher than some of our other markets as well. So, were investing in those markets to drive growth. Youve seen weve got a very successful track record and we very much like those markets given the strong profitability and strong cash flow generation capabilities that they have in addition to the top line growth were getting.
David Driscoll  Citi Investment Research: And so your forecast would have no sign of letup in the very strong sales growth generation from those emerging markets?
Art Winkleblack: Thats correct and well tell you more about the projections going forward in our May conference but we feel very good about our prospects for growth in those markets.
David Driscoll  Citi Investment Research: Great, thanks for all the comments.
Operator: Your next question will be from the line of Chris Growe of Stifel Nicolaus.
Chris Growe  Stifel Nicolaus: Good morning Art.
Meg Nollen: Hey good morning, welcome back.
Chris Growe  Stifel Nicolaus: Thank you, thank you. I just have two questions for you, the first one was, you had outlined a cost savings program that technically ends at the end of 08 here. I presume there will be more to come on that front but can we be somewhat confident youre going to have a good bit of cost savings coming through as a way of blunting the input cost inflation?
Art Winkleblack: Yeah, absolutely Chris. As you know we set forth pretty specific goals back in June of 2006 as part of the spirit, value and growth plan. We are tracking ahead of all those productivity measures. So we feel very good about the track record over the last two years. As we go forward were looking to increase the pace of that productivity based on the task forces we have in place. I think Bill has talked to you and Ive talked to you historically about the supply chain task force that we have in place and some of the work on global processes and systems along with SAP that weve got going. So, weve got a number of global initiatives underway to you know continue and maintain and strengthen our productivity initiatives.
Chris Growe  Stifel Nicolaus: Okay and I assume well hear more about that in May I presume?
Art Winkleblack: Thats right.
Chris Growe  Stifel Nicolaus: Okay and then second question was just, relative to the US soup service division and you had mentioned some weak traffic and I was surprised to see on a year over year basis at least pricing down. Volume growth certainly picked up which is encouraging but it would seem like theres some real pricing required for that division. Is that ahead and what led to that weaker pricing in this quarter?
Art Winkleblack: We had a pretty active promotional calendar within the quarter and I think you saw that we drove some pretty nice volume there. We also had a bit of a mix change. You saw strong desert performance along with that bundled or complete meal solution that I talked about. You saw strong soup performance as well. You know the good news is our ketchup continues to perform well also. But you know its not an easy pricing environment in the food service industry right now given the economy.
Chris Growe  Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, great, thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Todd Duvick of Bank of America.
Todd Duvick  Bank of America: Yes, good morning, got just a couple of real brief questions. One has to do with kind of the capital structure. Your performance has been very strong over the last couple years and Im just wanting to know in terms of your capital structure, are there leverage metrics that youre managing to and how are you looking at things like share repurchases and acquisitions going forward.
Art Winkleblack: Yeah, one of the key metrics that we follow is net debt to EBITDA and we look to make progress on that. We have made progress over history even with the fact that we have one of the highest dividend yields or payout ratios in the industry and weve shared our cash with investors you know as appropriate. In fact this year were heading toward a share repurchase of $500 million. Thats pretty consistent with the prior year and I think might have even been higher in past years. So we have you know I think managed the balance sheet very carefully. Ill probably reserve comment on the go forward capital structure and well unveil that in May, the May discussion that we have. But we understand how important dividends are to our investors and we look to drive an appropriately, positioned capital structure in order to optimize shareholder return.
Todd Duvick  Bank of America: Okay and just one other follow up question. With respect to debt specifically youve got a $300 million note that I believe is coming due next month and I would assume that youre going to refinance that either with commercial paper and then maybe look at the capital markets at some point?
Art Winkleblack: Yeah I think thats pretty well but weve got adequate cash to handle that and weve certainly got access to the commercial paper market but we could be looking at financing somewhere later on in the year.
Todd Duvick  Bank of America: Okay very good, thank you.
Operator: Your next question will be from the line of Terry Bivens of Bear Stearns.
Terry Bivens  Bear Stearns: Good morning, can you guys hear me? Good morning all, a few questions Art, first of all, you singled out the Italian baby food business in the remarks to a great extent, can you give us a brief update on how that business is performing?
Art Winkleblack: Yeah Terry, Italy is doing quite well. Were doing I think very well in the biscuit arena and in a number of products in a number of channels. I would say the battle ground remains in the jarred baby food arena where its still a very tough and competitive market with [Numico] there. So you know we posted a strong performance for the quarter. We like where the business is trending, that will be interesting to see now that [Denome] has acquired [Numico] but that changes in that market but we are moving ahead on very strong marketing. Weve got products in the specialty arena that are doing well and some of milk products are doing well as well. But you know the main competitive battle ground appears to be in the jarred area and we continue to innovate to take it to be a consumer battle.
Terry Bivens  Bear Stearns: Down at CAGNY, Conagra mentioned I think what was interpreted as maybe backing off a little bit of the very strong motion in frozen, Healthy Choice specifically. Have you guys seen any evidence of that as yet?
Art Winkleblack: Yeah, you know Dave Moran would be probably better to comment on it but I think that we havent seen maybe quite the same degree of promotional depth on pressure in the markets but you know it remains a great category. The category has grown, we continue to grow share, were very pleased with the results there and our team continues to innovate strongly to drive the market.
Terry Bivens  Bear Stearns: Okay and one last thing, I think this kind of gets back to what Todd was asking but you know, as the performance continues to do very well, for whatever reason you know food stocks havent performed especially well lately. Is there, do you think investors should look to any particular Board pressure coming for a higher rate of share repurchase?
Art Winkleblack: I wouldnt say so necessarily Terry. I think we balance lots of factors as we think through the approach to our capital structure. One as you know, we very much like being an investment grade company. We will manage to that. And so you know we will give you a better feeling for the balance of share repurchase and dividends as we go forward but well always be keeping in mind the concept of investment grade credit rating. And in terms of food stocks, you know the good news is that Heinz has been leading the industry if you look at a number of our, the timeframes, one, three, five, ten years, I think The Wall Street Journal came out with an article yesterday that showed Heinz performance over a lot of different timeframes and the Heinz stock has performed quite well within the industry.
Terry Bivens  Bear Stearns: Okay, thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question will be from the line of Alexia Howard at Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard  Sanford Bernstein: Hello there. Great, a couple of quick question, firstly on marketing. Theres obviously been a step up in marketing as a percent of sales over the last couple of years. Where do you, given the percentages are now around about 3.5, 3.7% of sales, is it [step up] but its still a little bit lower than the rest of the peer group. Obviously you have a significant proportion of food service which obviously needs a lot less marketing behind it. But how do you think about what the path forward from here is in terms of stepping up the marketing spending?
Art Winkleblack: Yeah I think you know the beauty of the Heinz portfolio now that weve done the hard work of pruning the portfolio over the last number of years is that we have a very focused portfolio, top 15 brands represent about 70% of our sales. And so our spending can be quite focused. As you say, we have increased marketing significantly, we would look to continue to increase marketing going forward but only to the extent that we have the ideas and the people to effectively spend the money and youve seen where we spent the money weve gotten very good returns. We do anticipate continuing to step up marketing going forward, we will talk further about that in May but you know its always behind our key brands and its behind great ideas.
Alexia Howard  Sanford Bernstein: Okay great and one other quick one. The European margin were obviously down this quarter and I think there was a comment in the press release that part of that was increased manufacturing costs in the frozen business over there. Is that likely to persist? Is that something thats likely to with us for some time or was that from one off a factor?
Art Winkleblack: Well I think there was a little bit of you know, a little bit of manufacturing cost, probably more unfavorable than maybe some of the other quarters. We do anticipate continuing high commodity cost increases there so thatll continue to be something we manage. But with Scott OHara and his team, they have done I think an exceptional job of accelerating the growth momentum at the top line across all the markets and that really is the game that were very excited about, healthy and nutrition, convenience, a lot of good strong innovation. We see that pipeline very full and continuing into next year. So we, while the cost pressure will certainly be there, we believe weve got the growth and the productivity initiatives to grow the bottom line quite well.
Alexia Howard  Sanford Bernstein: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question will be from the line of Eric Serotta of Merrill Lynch.
Eric Serotta  Merrill Lynch: Good morning. You guys have shown some pretty nice SG&A leverage or SG&A ex marketing leverage this year and over the past few quarters. Im just wondering if you could give us a bit of an update on how much leverage is left to be realize, how low can you go on non marketing SG&A as a percent of sales? A lot has changed since mid 06 and Im sure youll address this more in May but could you give us a little bit of a sneak peek now given the investments behind the task forces and the like?
Art Winkleblack: Yeah, over time I think weve got room for further productivity improvement over time. You know the reality is we have a very global organization that has administrative pods and things like that in lots of places and so as we think about going forward I think there are a number of productivity initiatives we can get after. It will take some money to get there, weve got a number of task forces ongoing and I think one of the key things that we are looking forward to doing is the continuing rollout of SAP which will give us better visibility and the ability to get very productive and very efficient in our back office operations. So you know the task forces are hard at work in determining how big is the prize in that arena and well continue driving down that path. So weve also got some good initiatives in the distribution arena to offset some of the fuel cost upcharges that weve got as well. So, anyway, as you look at it I think were excited about it, were looking to grow SG&A obviously at a slower rate than our top line and so we should continue to get leverage.
Eric Serotta  Merrill Lynch: Great and then a quick follow up on a different subject on commodities. Last week at CAGNY some companies who are on sort of midyear fiscal years or [unintelligible] fiscal years, they did some commentary regarding what they were looking for in terms of overall commodity inflation for calendar 08 or at least their coverage on hedge-able commodities for the calendar year. Could you give us an update on that?
Art Winkleblack: Yeah I think were just finalizing the annual operating plan for next fiscal year, as you know that starts on May 1 so you know were in that process, we want to share that with our Board before we share it much more broadly but what I will say is we do not anticipate any reduction in the rate of growth on commodities. We certainly hope the commodities would be better than that but were not counting on it. Were still seeing continued commodity cost inflation. Were confident weve got it covered through pricing, productivity, volume growth, et cetera. But we do anticipate it to continue and as always weve got some of it covered looking forward where we can do that.
Eric Serotta  Merrill Lynch: Okay, care to give any rough percentages on that at this point?
Art Winkleblack: You know, not at this point Eric [overlay].
Eric Serotta  Merrill Lynch: [Overlay] was going to try to, Ill pass it on.
Art Winkleblack: Sorry not to be more thorough but I do really want to finish up the annual plan and then well be very clear and open with you as we go forward.
Eric Serotta  Merrill Lynch: Great, thanks a lot Art.
Operator: Your next question will be from the line of Ann Gurkin at Davenport.
Ann Gurkin  Davenport: Couple of things, can you give us what youve imbedded in your 08 outlook for oil prices and then 09, hello?
Art Winkleblack: Yeah, hi Ann, yeah you know in terms of oil prices, we here again, we dont anticipate much of a change in that. Wed love to think that it would come down but were certainly not going to count on it.
Ann Gurkin  Davenport: So you have $100 oil in your 08-09 forecast right now?
Art Winkleblack: Thats roughly probably about right.
Ann Gurkin  Davenport: Okay and then can you just review prospects for Russia over the next 12-18 months?
Art Winkleblack: Yeah, were quite excited about business in Russia. The Heinz brand in particular is doing extremely well so that growth is ahead of our plan expectations. Infant nutrition is doing quite well. You know were focusing the portfolio, were building our marketing spending, weve got a leading market share position in ketchup in the two major cities of Moscow and St. Pete and were looking to expand that further. Weve got a new strong leader there and hes off to a great start and were just really excited about the business and the team there.
Ann Gurkin  Davenport: Great, thank you.
Operator: Your next question will be from the line of Eric Katzman of Deutsche Bank.
Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank: Hi, good morning everybody. I guess Art my first question has to do with foreign currency. Did you say how much contribution that made to both EBIT and to the bottom line?
Art Winkleblack: Its in the, I think its separated out in the press release in terms of the top line, its about 5, 5.3% for the quarter. That would be roughly right at OI, Eric and as we think about it, the impact of foreign exchange has been positive and thats a good thing and its powered by our strong global portfolio so we like that and we think were well positioned there. You know, having said that I think the commodity headwind was probably three to four times that level of impact going to opposite direction. So its helped but you know its certainly not offsetting the commodity inflation.
Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank: So the 5% OI contribution, is it fair to just kind of drop that down to the EPS line or?
Art Winkleblack: Well if you want to drop the commodity costs down to the bottom line at four times that, you know I dont know how youd want to look at it, but the way we look at it is we are managing all the good things and the bad things to drive very strong top line and very strong bottom line.
Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank: Okay and then on a separate topic, maybe I think following up on Eric Serottas line of questioning, in terms of the input cost environment. I mean if I remember correctly, historically when you have lets say high cost ketchup or high cost potatoes thats actually been beneficial to your business because its limited the ability for private label to actually get raw material to compete with you. What, how does, is inflation more of an energy, packaging, transport type of thing or is it more raw material related and how does your kind of input cost basket relate to that?
Art Winkleblack: Yeah I think were seeing the increased cost across the board you know in terms of packaging materials, in terms of raw materials, agricultural products, all those costs are up. You know with the cost of fuel and the bio-fuel thing, et cetera, et cetera. So you know all of those costs are up. I think given the brand strength that we have and the strong position that we have in the market, you know we are in a great position to weather through that storm, probably in a better position than folks that have the number three or four or five brand in a particular category. So its, the cost inflation is real, its across the board but I think we are well positioned to handle it.
Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank: Okay and then the last question, Ill pass it on and maybe this is more appropriate for Bill, but is, I mean the company has obviously grown in the last few years as a percentage coming from outside the US, the growth in developing markets is doing very well in driving the business along with good US results for that matter but Im just kind of wondering, is Bill, I mean is he still, in terms of the responsibilities, is he still Chairman, CEO, President, you have no COO, is that right?
Art Winkleblack: Thats correct Eric, absolutely. Chairman, President and CEO and driving some great results.
Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank: Well maybe its a, it just seems to me that if theres one risk out there its that theres, as the business becomes you know more global and more complex and more reliant upon growth in these outer markets that there needs to be more, I dont know, kind of delegation or whatever it is because you know it just seems its hard for with that kind of complexity, you know for something not to slip or come up unexpected. So I dont know, maybe Im just, maybe its a topic to discuss at the next meeting but it seems to me that if theres one risk thats out there, that could be it.
Art Winkleblack: I think were in very good shape on that Eric. The reality is our Board takes that responsibility very seriously, we take it very seriously and I think weve got extremely strong talent and as Ive mentioned Im just very pleased with the talent and the team that we have in place. Weve got a very good bench and weve got strong leaders in each one of our four key markets. Theyre very seasoned leaders and so I you know, I just view it as were in a great position and you know on Bills leadership, this organization has come a long, long way in the past few years, as you know. Were in a good place and we feel confident about the future.
Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank: Okay, Ill pass it on.
Meg Nollen: Hey Eric, its Meg, I just wanted to let you know, talent has become quite a competitive advantage for Heinz and we continue to build that out. So both with Chris Mormonth and Mike Milan and their teams, theres a lot of strength and Bill is very involved but everyones, its a very strong team.
Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank: Well I know the numbers obviously speak to that over the last two years but it just, you know I think maybe other than Wrigley youre probably the most global company that most US analysts follow and yet you know and I know youve kind of sent out the various, I forget what you call them, but various lines of response of these that are a little bit broader that is just seems to me that its, that theres maybe a, theres more need for more direct lines of responsibility in between the operating heads and the below and Bill.
Art Winkleblack: Yeah, I appreciate the point, we feel like were in a very good spot on that and weve got great talent with very clear accountability.
Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank: Alright, thank you.
Operator: Your next question will be from the line of Bob Cummings of [Sheils] & Company.
Bob Cummings  [Sheils] & Company: Hi everybody. Following up on the question of foreign exchange, as a US based company reporting in US dollars with very substantial international businesses, obviously gives a nice boost to your numbers, Im just wondering what your strategy is in managing net benefits of earnings, on other words, are you able to reinvest some of those funds in increased marketing as a result of the foreign exchange benefit or is it simply just flowing through to the bottom line? You know as a US company you might have advantages over companies that are reporting in say Deutsche Marks or other currencies.
Art Winkleblack: Yeah, no I understand your point Bob and I think to your point we are investing heavily back in the business. We, as you know, well increase marketing spending by more than $100 million over a two year timeframe. Were growing R&D at double digit rates. We are investing behind our global task forces to you know to really gain true leverage of our scale and so you know I think we are managing all the levers appropriately to optimize for the short and long term here and thats the key as were looking to, as weve ramped up the top line growth rate, were very pleased with that and were looking to continue that and so the investment in the business I think is a big part of that. And you know the great part about the Heinz portfolio is about 60% of our sales outside the US is that we have nice and very strong and solid profitable positions in a number of those fast growing markets. So, set aside currency, those markets I would certainly say are going to be growing at a lot faster rate than many of the developed markets around the world.
Bob Cummings  [Sheils] & Company: Great, thank you.
Operator: Your next question will be from the line of Robert Moskow of Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow  Credit Suisse: A couple of questions, one is a follow up to Eric Katzmans which I thought was a good one. Will SAP, you mentioned that its going in administrative pods I think youve called it, will SAP globally help you at headquarters in Pittsburg consolidate information faster and on similar terms so you can make decisions better? And then the second question is on you know your ability to take pricing in Europe I would imagine depends a lot on what private label is doing and I have no visibility on what private label is doing in Europe, so can you tell me, is that really whats happening? I seen its happened here in the US with private label taking pricing, you mentioned competition is taking pricing, is that whats happening in Europe and in the UK?
Art Winkleblack: Yeah let me take the first question first Rob. In terms of the decision making, SAP absolutely will be a benefit there. As you know, you know the decision making, a lot of it is very well pushed down into the markets, we empower our managing directors in the businesses to make decisions but it certainly will help us with internal benchmarking and understanding the businesses and understanding the trends on a real time basis to have SAP. You know we just completed very successfully the SAP rollout in Poland, we finished our frozen business, most of the frozen business just very recently, thats gone without a hitch so were pleased with that. Were continuing to rollout SAP further in Europe next year, so were excited about that. The prospects not only from the systems side of it but from the process discipline side of it, because thats the key, as you get the processes right, then you put SAP in to automate those processes. Turning to pricing, in Europe yeah we are getting pricing. We have not seen growth, any disproportionate growth in private label, the reality is that they have the same kind of pricing pressure as we do if not more and so youve seen quite a bit of pricing there and so I think probably similar to what a lot of our peers said at CAGNY, were not seeing any great resurgence or anything in private label at this point.
Robert Moskow  Credit Suisse: Does your team give you updates on price gaps to private label in Europe so you can see whether youre maintaining the right gap?
Art Winkleblack: Yeah, I mean as you would imagine, we manage and stay very attuned and close to the markets and understand the key issues so its market by market but you know to the earlier conversation, we do not dictate policy from Pittsburg, the managing directors manage their businesses.
Robert Moskow  Credit Suisse: Thank you very much.
Meg Nollen: Sorry, I was just going to add in there for you, same formula in Europe that weve got going on in North America and really throughout the company which is one of innovation and value add so as were pricing, were also differentiating to the consumer and so theyre willing to pay for that.
Art Winkleblack: Yeah, that is a key point because over time the pricing and any price gap that you have will only be justified by your ability to bring great ideas and bring innovation and strong brands and so I think Megs right, that has been a key for our success and we expect to continue that way.
Meg Nollen: Weve got time for a couple more.
Operator: Your next question will be from Pablo Zuanic of J.P. Morgan.
Pablo Zuanic  J.P. Morgan: Very quick here but just on the marketing spending front, okay you know its 3.6% of sales but its obviously [unintelligible] results, where do you think theres room to increase that more [unintelligible], I mean is Europe below the company average and North America above? I mean in the third quarter was the spending more loaded in Europe than North America, that would help just to have an idea of where marketing may go.
Art Winkleblack: You know I think were looking to invest in marketing everywhere and again behind good ideas. A lot of our innovation this year has come in Europe. Youre seeing strong volume growth there as a result so we have increased marketing spending probably more in Europe this year than any of our other divisions and but you know having said that behind great ideas in every one of our segments, we would certainly look to increase the marketing investment. And we talked about emerging markets being a key target for us in that regard as well.
Pablo Zuanic  J.P. Morgan: Okay and just a quick follow up on emerging markets and maybe well hear some more from investor day but you know when I hear companies talk about China and other markets, sometimes they talk about products they sell there where they have a very small market share in a very fragmented market, so the potential is there but they are a very fragmented market. I understand that [unintelligible] Poland and other markets you have robust market share but could you very briefly on just give us an idea about in emerging markets you know the type of penetration you have. Is it fair to say that its a very fragmented market or you have really very robust share in some of those markets?
Art Winkleblack: Well I think weve got quite robust shares, I mean if you look at infant nutrition, were the number one player in the cereal category, looking to get bigger in some of the other categories of infant nutrition there. Our long fong frozen business is probably the number on player there as well. Now the good news is to your point, it is still quite a fragmented market and that we view as spelling opportunity. Theres just opportunity to grow not only with the category but I think to gain share over time as well. So were in a good spot and as Ive mentioned before, were profitable, economic profit positive, cash flow positive and so these are businesses were investing in and they are generated a nice return for shareholders.
Ed McMenamin: On your marketing question I mean Europe is spending more than North American segment, but North America, if you recall, last year Europe increased its spending throughout the year. This year the increase is more pronounced in North America than it is in Europe.
Pablo Zuanic  J.P. Morgan: Alright, thanks and just one last one for Art, the 31% tax rate guidance, is that just for the fourth quarter or is that also for 09?
Art Winkleblack: No thats for our full year this year, the roughly 31% is for this year. Well talk further about the tax rate for 09 and beyond next year. But you know, I wouldnt worry about that, we view our growth prospects as very strong at the EPS line, so we dont view tax as something thats going to be a problem.
Pablo Zuanic  J.P. Morgan: Alright, thank you.
Meg Nollen: Yeah we can work on this one offline, but if you just look at the math from the prior quarters, the tax rate in the fourth quarter will be higher.
Art Winkleblack: Probably in the 33-34% range.
Pablo Zuanic  J.P. Morgan: Alright, thank you.
Operator: Your final question will be from the line of Andrew Lazar of Lehman Brothers.
Andrew Lazar  Lehman Brothers: Good morning. Just two quick ones, one, trade spend efficiency continues to be very solid and as you saw in this quarter as well. How do we want to think about the opportunity left there as we go into 09 and beyond? Is that still sort of going to be, I mean if there was something you were doing but is there a lot more left there and is it more Europe or North American based? And then second would be, volumes have still been quite strong even this quarter with the pricing, but sequentially in North America and Europe they did come down as pricing ramped up relative to the second quarter. Im just curious what the level of confidence is as you continue to price from here and sort of the volume picture as you go forward.
Art Winkleblack: Yeah, in terms of trade spending as you know weve made just great progress in trade spending over the past few years and we continue to make it this year. So I think theyll be less progress to make there over time. Having said that, you know the effectiveness and the efficiency of trade spending is one of the key challenges of any consumer products business so we will continue to focus on that, well continue to improve our process capabilities, our talent that is looking at it and our systems. So it will continue to be a focus for us in terms of reducing trade spending as a percent of gross sales I would say its you know probably less of a reduction going forward certainly but itll continue to be a major focus for us mainly from an effectiveness standpoint and trying to grow volume and the top line you know and optimize that. In terms of looking forward, as you saw weve taken pricing, we need to take pricing in this commodity environment and at this point we are balancing organic sales growth. The combination of volume and price and so you know you saw that our volume grew in Q3 more than 5% which were very pleased with. You know going forward well continue to balance between those two, the pricing and volume lever and Im not sure Id get real specific on quantification at this point but we feel good about where we are coming out for the full year, were setting up nicely for next year and well fill you in more in May.
Andrew Lazar  Lehman Brothers: Thank you.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time, I will turn the call back to management for closing remarks.
Art Winkleblack: Okay, great, thanks, let me just make a couple of closing comments. Thanks for your interest in Heinz, in closing were delivering on our commitments and believe that were poised to sustain strong momentum into FY09. Well continue to follow our winning formula of consumer validated innovations, supported by effective marketing, increased capabilities and productivity, which are all made possible by our great people. Well have more to share with you as weve said on the call here in May and heres Meg with just a couple final pieces of information.
Meg Nollen: Thanks Art, as many of you know we lost our venue for our March 19th meeting that we talked about previously and given the Easter holidays and Spring Break season, yearend timing became a problem, so as a result weve reverted to our year end schedule, we sent the data out recently, hosting our analyst date on May 29. It will be at the Sofitel Hotel in New York, but in the meantime were planning an aggressive calendar of marketing between now and then and hope to see many of you soon. So with that, have a great day and we look forward to seeing you in May if not sooner.
Operator: Thank you for participating in todays H.J. Heinz Company conference call. This call will be available for replay beginning at 10:30 AM Eastern time today, through 11:59 PM Eastern time on Tuesday, March 4, 2008. The conference ID number for the replay is 34301126. Again, the conference ID number for the replay is 34301126. The number to dial for the replay is 1-800-642-1687 or 706-645-9291. Thank you, you may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q2  (2007-11-29 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Meg Nollen  Vice President, Investor Relations Bill Johnson  President and CEO Art Winkleblack  EVP and CFO Ed McMenamin  Senior Vice President-Finance and Corporate Controller
Analysts: David Driscoll  Citi Investment Research Chris Growe  AG Edwards David Palmer  UBS Bill Leach  Neuberger Christina McLellan Andrew Lazar  Lehman Bros.
Operator: At this time Id like to welcome everyone to the H.J. Heinz Company fiscal year 2008 second quarter earnings release conference call. [Operator Instructions] Id like to turn the call over to Meg Nollen, Vice President, Investor Relations. Ms. Nollen you may begin your conference.
Meg Nollen: Thank you and good morning. Id like to welcome everyone to our conference call and web cast. Copies of the slides used in todays presentation are available on our website at Heinz.com. Joining me on todays call are Bill Johnson, Chairman and CEO, Art Winkleblack, EVP and CFO and Ed McMenamin, Senior Vice President-Finance, Corporate Controller who will also be available during Q&A. Before we begin with our prepared remarks please refer to our forward looking statement currently displayed. This is also available in this mornings earnings release and in our most recent SEC filings. To summarize, during our presentation we may make predictive statements about our business that are intended to clarify results for your understanding. We ask you to refer to our August 1, 2007, form 10-Q and our May 2, 2007, form 10-K which lists some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in our predictions. Heinz undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by securities law. We may also use non-GAAP financial measures in our presentation as the company believes such measures allow for consistent period to period comparison of the business. The most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures are available in the companys earnings release which is also available on the website at Heinz.com. Now with the formalities out of the way let me turn the call over to Bill Johnson to talk about our great results.
Bill Johnson: Good morning everyone. The H.J. Heinz Company delivered outstanding second quarter results. With reported sales up 13% and organic sales growth of 8.1%, operating income up 10%, earnings per share growth of more than 20% to $0.71 per share and operating free cash flow of $133 million. We are very pleased to report to our shareholders the companys continued strong performance during the second quarter and through the first half of fiscal 2008 building on our great year in fiscal 2007. During this mornings call I will briefly walk you through the drivers of this performance and the plans to sustain our momentum which were built around four strategies: - Growing The Core Portfolio - Accelerating Growth In Emerging Markets - Strengthening And Leveraging Global Capabilities - Making Talent In A Competitive Advantage Heinz is executing extremely well which is not only contributing to our strong growth but also helping us overcome the significant commodity inflation the food industry is experiencing. We are sustaining strong growth in North America, Consumer Products in Australia and building very good momentum in Europe and emerging markets. Im pleased to say that across virtually the entire Heinz world we are leveraging improved consumer insights, innovation and pricing to deliver above target growth. We now anticipate full year sales growth between 9 and 10% which would produce record sales of $9.8-9.9 billion, by far the best performance in Heinz 138 year history. Our organic sales growth of 8.1% in the second quarter extends our streak of consecutive top playing growth quarters to 10. The step change in growth trajectory over the past 18 months has been driven by our strong commercial talent, a pipeline of successful consumer driven product introductions and double digit increases in marketing support. During the second quarter for example, we increased our investment in marketing by 23% and in R&D by 17%. We continue to focus much of this investment against our top 15 brand which grew 14% during the quarter and now represent about 70% of total Heinz sales. Organic growth in the quarter was broad based with positive contributions from all business segments. Half of the more than 200 products Heinz will introduce in fiscal 2008 are planned for Europe, which is where we have invested the majority of our increased marketing dollars this year. We are seeing good returns from this investment and organic sales growth of 10% for the quarter in Europe and improved market shares across much of the European business. The strong performance was outpaced only by the 20% organic sales growth in our emerging markets which I will discuss momentarily. Importantly, we are delivering profitable growth. After normalizing for the 53rd week in fiscal 2006, Heinz has posted nine consecutive quarters of profit growth. Key to this growth has been our ability to achieve net price gains, our emphasis on continuous productivity improvements and the optimization of our manufacturing footprint, which is combined with some benefits from currency to offset the escalating commodity costs that have affected our industry. Given this strong momentum we are raising the top end of our EPS target range to $2.62 per share, while simultaneously increasing our investments in future growth and productivity. We are projecting approximately $15 million in additional marketing investment versus our May 2007 commitment for this fiscal year. This additional spending will support our brand building activities and aggressive innovation pipeline. We are also increasing our investments behind the alignment of our global processes and SAP and we are making significant investments in our health and wellness, global supply chain and global customer task forces. With strong earnings and additional investments in future growth are impressive given the difficult commodity environment and in our view clearly distinguish us from the majority of our peer group. To continue counteracting rising costs we expect to take additional pricing action where necessary and will occasionally walk away from unprofitable business as we have done in US Food Service which has been disproportionately hit by rising commodity costs. We anticipate that Food Service will continue to trail our other businesses and I fully factored this expectation into our full year outlook. We believe that we have a formula for sustainable growth and consistent results as we execute in the four strategic pillars, the first of which is Growing the Core Portfolio. Heinz is consumer validated innovation and go to market execution produce compelling sales growth in each of our core categories in the quarter. Ketchup and sauces grew 9%, meals and snacks increased 14%, infant nutrition posted a very strong quarter with sales up 26%. Let me briefly share some of the highlights for the quarter and our plans to sustain this momentum. Smart Ones and Weight Watchers nutritional meals, together with Boston Market grew sales 31% in the second quarter on the strength of improved taste, innovation and effective marketing support. Smart Ones any time selections hand held snacks launched in the first quarter are performing well behind strong repeat purchases. Smart Ones is also selling very well in Canada following its introduction last year. Weight Watchers meanwhile was also a contributor to Heinz strong organic growth in Europe and Australia. Importantly as we approach the upcoming diet season the innovation pipeline for these brands is full and we have invested in additional production capacity to meet growing demand. Set to launch in the US next week is the very unique Smart Ones Fruit Inspirations. The first range of nutritional meals with a half serving of fruit and among our highest growing product concepts ever. Heinz is also winning in the soup category, our second quarter sales up nearly 18% across the world. British consumers have responded well to the new items we introduced in the first quarter resulting in 23% sales growth and a record category dollar share. We plan to build on this success with additional innovations in the second half. Importantly Heinz Australia achieved the market leading share position in soup during the key second quarter season on the strength of its new microwavable range. Heinz is the global leader in healthy and convenient beans meals and grew sales more than 13% this quarter with numerous innovation initiatives in the UK including the launch of plastic Snap Pots. Also in the UK Heinz Ketchup achieved its highest household penetration in over three years behind new varieties like reduced sugar and salt, organic top down and TK with a twist which brought new consumers into the category. Across Europe Heinz increased Ketchup sales 20% and globally Ketchup sales increased 5%. Heinz Canada meanwhile achieved a record Ketchup share of 81%. US Ketchup line declined slightly in the quarter largely due to our first quarter trade buy in ahead of our August price increase. Year to date US Ketchup line is up 1%. In the nearly one year since our acquisition of Renees Gourmet canned as leading chilled dressings and toppings brand we are delivering on the targeted cost synergies. We are leveraging Heinz can distribution network to expand Renees from its traditional Ontario stronghold to the faster growing Western Provinces in Quebec. Also in Canada, Heinz achieved record share in pasta sauce in the quarter of 46% on the strength of new Classico varieties. In Australia we launched a new line of Heinz cooking sauces, dressings and condiments during the quarter which contributed to the strong organic growth we achieved in Australia. As I mentioned, Heinz delivered truly remarkable results during the quarter in Infant Nutrition. With sales up 20% or more in six of the eight markets in which we compete. This includes impressive growth in our Plasmon Italian business where we remain focused on innovation and consumer marketing, including a growing emphasis on medical nutrition. This broad based growth in Infant Nutrition resulted from increased innovation, line extensions and solid execution of our strategy to up-age into biscuits, beverages and toddler meals and snacks as well as an increased focus on the nutritional needs of expectant mothers. Our fastest growth in Infant Nutrition came in emerging markets which brings me to our second strategic pillar Accelerating Growth in Emerging Markets, for Heinz is advantageously positioned versus many of our peers. Organic sales in emerging markets grew 20% during the quarter and in aggregate these markets now represent 13% of total company sales. Our plan is to introduce new items that appeal to rapidly expanding middle classes in these nations while continuing to build distribution and availability of existing products. Emerging markets are contributing disproportionately to Heinz success. They will be increasingly featured in our growth story moving forward as we build our strong local brands while strategically introducing the iconic Heinz brand through our global retail and food service customers. Its important to point out that while some of our US based peers are just beginning to explore these markets, we are already well established with well known profitable and rapidly growing brands. We will continue to invest heavily to bring consumer validated innovation to these markets and build on our first mover advantage. In China our rapidly growing Long Fong brand continues to do well, growing more than 27% in the first half of fiscal 2008 and solidifying its leading share positions in frozen rice bowls, dumplings, hot pots and steam bread. Heinz increased its steak in Long Fong in the quarter while retaining the leadership of Long Fongs dynamic founder [Hecor Yay] and his core team. The theme of Long Fongs innovation including new varieties targeted the varying taste profiles in different regions of China, leading into the Beijing Olympic Games; all Long Fong packaging now carries the image of Olympic Table Tennis Champion and National Hero Zhang Yining. She is also appearing in our TV and print ad campaigns and has been very effective in generating positive brand awareness in trial. We anticipate a big third quarter that includes the run up the Chinese New Year. In Poland the Pudliszki brand continues is growth momentum behind the successful restage of its jarred home-style meals range. Sales of the Pudliszki brand overall increased 31% in the second quarter. Heinz achieved very strong growth in India during the quarter with sales up 55%. Our performance was driven by the continued growth of Complan nutritional beverages, which is benefiting from effective advertising that we showed last year at Cagney. Additionally the Heinz brand Infant Nutrition business grew rapidly during the quarter across our other emerging markets, underscoring the strategic importance of Infant Nutrition in building the Heinz brand. In Latin America, Infant Nutrition sales increased 43% in the quarter behind new manufacturing capacity in Venezuela that we added to meet growing demand. We anticipate the need to add even more capacity as we expand distribution in select Latin American countries. We delivered equally strong growth in China where sales increased 42% as the re-launch of the Heinz premium cereal and wet food lines continued to gain traction. In the third quarter we will launch a pre-biotic digestion aid and in addition to the re-launch of the cereal value line targeted to more price conscious Chinese parents. Finally, in Russia we grew Infant Nutrition sales by 30% in the quarter and have plans in place to maintain this excellent momentum. Let me now turn to our third strategic pillar Strengthening and Leveraging Global Capabilities. We aim to accelerate productivity gains in fiscal 2009 and beyond as a result of investments we are making today to improve and expand our global capabilities. We have fully resourced three important global task forces on the Supply Chain led by Scott OHara, Health and Wellness led by Dave Moran and Customers led by Chris Warmoth, to facilitate these improvements. These initiatives are designed to improve the way we go to market and build long term competitive advantage in these three areas. The teams are in the midst of extensive data collection and analysis and we look forward to implementing their recommendations as we move through fiscal 2009. The task forces are tightly linked to our overall plans to upgrade and harmonize our business processes and systems globally. Key to this initiative is the continuing implementation of SAP. In fiscal 2009 we will continue the rollout across Europe with the ultimate goal of being wall-to-wall coverage worldwide. Im proud of the progress we have made on the final pillar Making Talent a Competitive Advantage. We have assembled a world class leadership team and established a clear performance driven winning culture. Around 70% of our top leaders are new to their positions in the last five years with 35% new to the company. This infusion of talent is the primary reason, aside from our portfolio improvements that we are delivering sustainable, profitable growth quarter by quarter. One of the most important jobs of a CEO is to identify and develop high potential people and build managerial bench strength. At this phase of my tenure as Heinz CEO Im spending a considerable part of my time on development and training, ensuring that we have the right people, in the right jobs across the entire company to drive superior growth. I have the hard earned insight and experience both good and bad to impart to the rising generation of talented Heinz leaders. I am pleased with the progress we have made in this area which our results clearly confirm. With that brief overview let me turn the meeting over to Art to walk you through the details of our second quarter performance and our annual outlook.
Art Winkleblack: Thanks Bill. Good morning everyone. In analyzing our results for the second quarter Im very pleased with our top line momentum, the returns from increased marketing investment and our successful leverage of fixed costs. As Bill said we drove excellent results for the quarter with sales up 13%, operating income up 10% and EPS up 20%. You can see that we continue to reallocate our marketing investment as we pulled an additional 30 basis points out of trade spending and increase consumer marketing by a commensurate 30 basis points. Gross margin was down a point for the quarter as we encourage significant commodity cost headwinds but we offset most of these through increased pricing and leverage of SG&A costs which, excluding marketing were down 80 basis points as a percentage of revenue for the quarter. Now lets take a deeper look at the income statement. Gross profit increased 10% powered by strong organic sales growth which drove the 10% increase in operating income for the quarter. Below operating income, net interest expense, excluding other items increased by 19%, about three quarters of which relates to higher net debt due to share repurchase activity. Growth in NPBT is 7% was leveraged at 15% growth at net income driven by a reduction in the effective tax rate from 34.8% last year to 29.8% this quarter. This reduction was primarily due to the timing of repatriation on foreign earnings and a higher mix of profit from relatively low tax jurisdictions. EPS growth of 20% exceeded that of net income reflecting a reduction in fully diluted shares outstanding of almost 4%. For perspective, had we generated a tax rate for the quarter in line with our 31% estimate for the full year our EPS would have been $0.69 still a year over year increase of 17% and had the tax rate been consistent with the Q2 of last year EPS would still have grown at a double digit rate. Turning to sales growth as Bill mentioned we generated 8.1% organic sales growth for the quarter, well ahead of our target rate and well ahead of that generated by many of our peers. Importantly we delivered this growth on top of 4.2% organic growth in the same quarter last year. The sales increase was led by strong volume of 5.5%, net pricing at 2.6% and foreign exchange of 5%. Volume growth was driven by big results in Europe where total volume was up more than 9% and in North America Consumer Products and in the Rest of World where volumes were up 6.7% in both segments. From a category standpoint, volumes were up approximately 10% in Infant Nutrition, 7% in Meal and Snacks and 4% in Condiments and Sauces. Emerging market volume was up 10% for the quarter. Net pricing was up in every segment around the world, led by 13.8% growth in Rest of World and a 3% price hike in North America Consumer Products. Turning to our sales performance, every segment delivered higher revenue and in fact each was up double digit with the exception of US Food Service. Details of our segments sales performance split between volume, price, foreign exchange and net acquisitions are provided in the press release so I wont repeat that information here. A few key highlights include the following. Organic sales in Rest of World segment grew in excess of 20% primarily driven by very strong results in Latin America in Infant Nutrition. Europe posted organic sales growth of 10% for the quarter with volume up 9%, strong volume gains were largely attributable to outstanding performances in Heinz Ketchup, Soup, Beans and Salad Cream in the UK, strong Infant Nutrition sales in Italy, broad based growth in Russia and momentum in Hoenig and Pudliszki branded products in the Netherlands and Poland. North America Consumer Products generated organic sales growth of almost 10% led by Smart Ones, Boston Market, Ore-Ida Frozen Potatoes and Classico Pasta Sauces. These results were partially offset by a decline in Heinz Ketchup with largely reflects the timing of an August price increase. Asia/Pacific had another good quarter with organic sales growth of 6%. India and China delivered excellent growth behind strong innovation and increased marketing support. US Food Service organic sales were up .4% driven by favorable net pricing at 2.1%. Overall, sales for this segment were up slightly as net price improvements and volume gains in frozen deserts were largely offset by lower volumes in specialty tomato products and in frozen appetizers. An important factor driving our top line growth is increased in investment and consumer marketing. For the quarter we increased our marketing investment by $18 million or 23% to support consumer driven innovation in our top brands. Taking a bit broader view of Q2 weve increased second quarter marketing in a cagier of almost 16% over the last two years which has helped drive compounded sales growth of 8% and operating income at a double digit rate. Clearly, this investment is yielding results. As I noted earlier, gross profit was up 10% for the quarter while our gross margin decreased to 36.9%. As pricing and productivity improvements were more than offset by increased commodity costs our net price of 2.6% contributed 140 basis points to gross margin while commodity and other inflation of about 7% reduced gross margin by 480 basis points. The cost of virtually all of our key ingredients increased led by a 35% increase in dairy and 20% plus increases in oils, beans and grains. Offsetting a portion of these headwinds was 250 basis points of productivity. Clearly, our plan is to continue pricing up and to aggressively drive productivity initiatives to offset the escalating commodity costs in the industry. Leverage of SG&A was an important tool in offsetting the lower gross margin and driving profitability for the quarter. Excluding marketing expenses our SG&A costs were 16.5% of sales, down 80 basis points from Q2 of last year. In fact, this Q2 result is better by 140 basis points over a two year time horizon despite double digit annually increases in R&D spending. Our plan is to continue our aggressive management of ongoing administrative costs but we do expect to ramp up investment and task forces to strengthen our global capabilities and systems over the back half of the year. Turning to operating income, you can see that all segments were above prior year with the exception of Food Service. We drove strong double digit profit increases in Rest of World, Asia/Pacific and Europe and posted a 7% increase in North America Consumer Products. The 23% growth in Rest of World was largely driven by another great quarter of organic sales and profit growth in Latin America, 22% growth in Asia/Pacific reflect excellent profit momentum in India, China and Australia. The 15% increase in European profit again reflects double digit organic sales growth across the division with the UK and Italy leading the profit momentum. The 7% growth in North America Consumer Products is due primarily to strong sales growth partially offset by heavy commodity cost increases. In line with our expectations, operating income in US Food Service decreased 14% reflecting a disproportionate impact from commodity costs. For the quarter, commodity inflation rate in our Food Service business was a couple of points higher than for the company overall. Given the food service industry outlook and the commodity costs environment our balance of year projections for the Food Service business include profit expectations that are below prior year levels. Looking quickly at the balance sheet for the quarter, we drove an additional one day improvement in the cash conversion cycle and increased our capital spending by 70 basis points to 2.9% of sales. A higher capital spending reflect increased investment capacity and in systems. Operating pre-cash flow of $133 million was below prior year but ahead of our plan for the quarter. Now lets take a very brief look at where we are for the first half of the year. Year to date P&L score card shows a continuation of our strong trends. Sales are up 11%, operating income up 12% and EPS up almost 15%. Our sales growth was led by our top 15 brands which are up 12% on the year to date basis and by our emerging markets where sales are up very strong 21%. Operating income growth of 12% largely reflects our strong organic sales growth of almost 7%. Additionally, while not shown on the score cards weve reduced SG&A costs again excluding marketing, by 110 basis points which more than offset the gross margin drop of 60 basis points related to higher commodity costs. Importantly we posted EPS growth of almost 15% with a flat year to date tax rate. We are also pleased with the quality of first half earnings based on the fact that weve increased our investment in consumer marketing by 24%, R&D by 15% and have taken 90 basis points out of trade spending above the net sales line. Year to date balance sheet score card reflects an improvement of 2 days in cash conversion cycle and an increase in RLIC of 190 basis points. The improvement in CCC reflects better performance and receivable and payables and the higher RLIC was generated by 140 basis points of organic improvements and 50 basis points from the PHAS 158 accounting change. In terms of operating free cash flow we are in line with our plan, capital spending, net proceeds from sale of PP&E represents a $76 million incremental year on year investment and year to date cash tax payments of $48 million above prior year. Over the back half of the year we expect very strong cash flow particularly in the fourth quarter largely driven by strong reduction in inventory levels. Finally, net debt is up about 12% reflecting our share repurchase activity. As you recall were targeting $500 million in net share repurchases this fiscal year and through the first half of the year weve executed about half of this amount. Now lets wrap up with the forecast for the year. As Bill mentioned were increasing the top end of our EPS range based upon our confidence and momentum in the business. In thinking about our outlook for the back half of the year there are a number of factors to keep in mind, these include our expectations for strong volume growth, continued net pricing and aggressive productivity initiatives while managing commodity inflation, the income tax rate and business building investments that were planning. With regard to commodities, we do not expect the pressure on costs to abate in the short term. At this point we anticipate commodity inflation to exceed the 7% market for the full fiscal year and this builds on approximately 3% inflation in fiscal 06 and 5% inflation in fiscal 07. A positive factor here is that approximately 60% of our portfolio is outside of the United States but as foreign exchange movements have helped offset some of this unprecedented commodity headwind. Having said this we estimate that 4X will offset only a small portion of the full year inflation cost hit that we are incurring this year. As I mentioned earlier our year to date tax rate is flat with last year at 28.3%. However, we expect our full year rate to come in around the 31% mark which is higher than last years full year rate of 29.6%. Thus, we anticipate higher tax rates for the back half of the year both in comparison to the year to date rate this year and to the rate we posted in the back half of last year. Additionally, we expect the tax rate to be considerably higher in the third quarter than in the fourth quarter. Keep in mind that the tax rate in Q3 last year was quite low at 26%. Overall, we still feel very good about our tax planning and the tax rate for the year but as usual there is some quarter to quarter variability that must be considered. Over the back half of the year we also anticipate making incremental investments in a number of areas to drive sustainable momentum in the business for the long term. These investments include an additional $15 million in consumer marketing that Bill discussed earlier, dedicated project staffing to accelerate our task force initiatives and additional costs associated with the continuing roll out of SAP. We are excited about each of these initiatives and believe that they will help us optimize long term shareholder value. The net story is that we feel very good about the business as Bill mentioned we are raising our sights for the full year and now anticipate sales to grow 9 to 10% versus prior year, operating income to increase between 7 and 10%. We increased the top end of our EPS range to $2.62 and expect and increase of 9 to 10% for the year. We continue to forecast operating free cash flow to be around $825 million and finally based on the timing of marketing spending and the phasing of tax expenses we expect the EPS in Q4 to be considerably higher than that projected for Q3. To summarize, we are extremely pleased with our performance again this quarter and are confident in our outlook for the full year. The company continues to perform well and were tracking at or ahead of the key targets we outlined in our superior value and growth plan almost 18 months ago. With that, wed be happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from David Driscoll with Citi Investment Research
David Driscoll  Citi Investment Research: Good morning everyone. Congratulations on a very nice quarter. Id like to go into the pricing side a little bit and the cost inflation. The first question is I would have thought that after the first quarter that we would have seen maybe a bit more pricing coming through, I think you did a remarkable job given that net pricing I think was just 1.4 points but can you talk to us about the rate of change of pricing as it should flow through and furthermore the US our Nielsen data suggested some very strong pricing gains in the US equivalized unit pricing was up something like 4.7% across your entire portfolio what Im trying to also understand is whats the difference in pricing you are achieving in different geographies.
Bill Johnson: I think as we showed you David pricing year to date is up just under 3% about 2.7% across the company and we feel very good about where we are in terms of the balance between pricing and volume, I dont think you can ignore the 8.1% organic volume and price growth in the second quarter and year to date is just under 7%. We are balancing very carefully price and volume and it varies by market. From a pricing perspective we take price on an independent basis we make our own decisions case by case depending on the category, the health of the category, the health of our brand the product and market conditions and we try to emphasize innovation and quality to justify the pricing in addition to mitigating costs, so its not just based on cost its based on the opportunity. We continue to see opportunities and necessity for price and youll continue to see us move in that direction across the company and again it will vary by market depending on the conditions and on the pressures and on the opportunities.
Art Winkleblack: David I might add the 1.4% that you mentioned thats the 140 basis point impact on our gross profit margin but as Bill says the pricing overall is a 2.7% increase.
David Driscoll  City Investment Research: Is the difference between those numbers the effective promotions because I believe it just calls that net pricing so youre saying that promotions in the quarter were actually up 120 bps.
Art Winkleblack: No the net price number at 2.7% is net of promotions so thats both gross pricing and discounts or allowances, if you do the math that amount of pricing translates to 140 basis points at gross margin. If you have any questions we can talk further but its a pure mathematical thing.
David Driscoll  City Investment Research: I understand it. Last question, input costs inflation certainly very onerous whats the amount that you have hedged for the back half of the year?
Bill Johnson: David it varies, I cant give you a precise amount, it varies depending on the ingredient and the location some things are hedged, some things are not because our belief is that some, if they havent topped out are certainly nearing the top and to hedge right now on some of those we would make the wrong call but we are clearly protected on our key ingredients and key areas but there are certain things contractually we can hedge, packaging for example is very difficult and clearly as oil rises and weve assumed oil to be about where it is now or slightly higher for the rest of the year. Resin costs come in and again it depends on the timing of contracts but I would say in the US were hedged probably for half or so but everything else we anticipate to stay the same or get a little higher for the rest of the year and were trying to understand what the market is going to go long term before we make any commitments. We have factored in fairly onerous costs to our outlook for the rest of the year across the globe and we take a slightly different view on hedging. Hedging is a short term opportunity in some cases but in other cases it presents you with a long term issue, particularly given the mark to mark requirements and other things that we need to deal with. Right now Im fairly comfortable with where we are in our projections for the year.
David Driscoll  City Investment Research: Congratulations on the quarter, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Growe with AG Edwards
Chris Growe  AG Edwards: Good morning. I just want to follow up on Davids question on pricing. Could you discuss, I didnt see it in the slides, what sort of benefit mix had and would that be in your pricing line?
Bill Johnson: I think in terms of gross margin you saw the mix was essentially flat, had virtually no impact on gross profit.
Chris Growe  AG Edwards: Is mix contributing to your sales growth, I mean all these new products coming through would have been a little more enhancing to your mix?
Bill Johnson: I think its a combination of things that clearly the new products are enhancing to mix but youve got to remember were also getting very strong growth out of our emerging markets and other markets where the gross margins are slightly lower than the company average and so you have the benefit and the cost on that mix and generally some of it is just being offset by the pure commodity costs but generally where we are launching products in developed markets they are at or better margins and we are seeing some improvement in that regard but again its exactly where we thought it would be. I think our organic growth is probably in the top side of where we thought it might be, I mean 8.1% is extraordinary growth in this industry in this environment. We are very pleased with where we are.
Art Winkleblack: Christ from a mechanical perspective the mix is part of our volume number that we brought forth as Bill mentioned it is not a large factor.
Chris Growe  AG Edwards: The other question I had for you was just relative to your Food Service division. Im just curious how much of that is competition, your raising prices and how much of it is a slow down in the consumer that we keep hearing about?
Bill Johnson: Thats a good question Chris and we are seeing a definite slow down in the industry in terms of restaurant patronage and we are also seeing a shift from the mid levels down to QSR and you certainly seen that on the results from some of our customers and a disproportionate impact on commodity pricing because we tend to be more dairy and cheese oriented in Food Service and we tend therefore, to be a little bit more vulnerable in terms of pricing. You also tend to be more contractually obligated which means you cant move as quickly to offset that so you have to wait until contracts expire or reset in order to address that but I think generally right now Id say that based on the trends were seeing in the Food Service industry, clearly the economy is something we all need to watch going forward as it tends to be a precursor. We are seeing softness in customer counts.
Chris Growe  AG Edwards: Thats very helpful, thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Palmer with UBS
David Palmer  UBS: Thanks, congrats on the quarter. You commented that innovation was benefiting areas like Italian baby food and UK soups but I have a feeling there are factors beyond maybe your own execution that are helping these businesses. I was wondering if you could comment on category growth for these two businesses, the UK soups and Italian baby food and discuss what might be happening in the macro environment even with regard to competitive pressures that might be helping you.
Bill Johnson: I think you have to keep in mind that we, in both those markets, fundamentally are most of the category. We have 60% give or take of the Italian baby food market and 60% give or take of the UK soup market so basically when the market grows its in response to our initiatives and our activity and so I think generally the market growth we are seeing in both those markets is in response to our initiatives. The second thing I would point out is in the UK soup market we are continuing to gain value share we grew value share pretty strongly in the second quarter which means we are disproportionately growing relative to the market and in Italy we continue to hold share which means we are growing at least at the rate of the market and we are seeing obviously a lot of promotional activity in the Italian baby food market, weve opted to go the consumer route our competitors opted to go the deal route. We think over the long haul our approach will be the correct approach.
David Palmer  UBS: A second area I wanted to hit on is, I know this is rather simplistic, but your Food Service business was under pressure and your frozen entre business was strong again, I mean these arent new trends for you either, but they seem to be kind of accelerating in either direction. In your opinion are these really two sides of the same coin, do you see this as peoples habits migrating to eating at home.
Bill Johnson: We are seeing certainly that in some of our developed markets in UK for example were seeing a return to the dinner table by whatever you define the family unit as being. We are seeing some of the same trends in the US and clearly for us that is a benefit given the margin differential between our retail business and our Food Service business. We see it as a real positive trend but we are clearly picking up signs that consumers are returning more to their home and their table to eat, that does not mean that they are necessarily preparing food, although we are seeing the return of that in the UK and Western Europe but it does mean that they are picking up foods that they can prepare at home or picking up foods that they just have to heat at home so we are seeing the beginnings of some movement in this area. I think it is too early to call it a trend but I think its a perceptive thought in terms of there clearly is an offset benefit to some of the customer count issues we are seeing in Food Service.
David Palmer  UBS: Lastly, energy related costs are a big deal for Heinz and Ive gotten a sense lately that its little bit more complex than usual with natural gas perhaps going a different direction than say barrel oil or at least there is a little bit of a basis difference in terms of the magnitude of changes. Could you talk about your costs that are energy related diesel, packaging and other and perhaps how those might filter through over the next four quarters or so.
Bill Johnson: As Art showed you weve assumed for the year, for the quarter about 7% or more inflation. In terms of how energy impacts us, the primary impact on energy for us is in packaging because we use plastic packaging so much and it affects resin costs and as we come off contractual periods on resin costs we see significant spikes in response to oil, that is factored in as I said I want to repeat this, we have assumed that oil is not going to get better in fact weve assumed that oil may get a little worse than it is today in our go forward outlook and that factors primarily into packaging. In terms of transportation and logistics, we have seen some impact not only from our standpoint but from the supplier standpoint and obviously from a customer standpoint in terms of a shipped, in terms of pick ups and or delivery and then in terms of what we bring in suppliers and those costs pass through. We are seeing fuel surcharges again and we are experiencing some increases in transportation logistics costs. The final area is in manufacturing in the supply chain itself in terms of utility costs. We are obviously seeing an increase there but that is not the dramatic impact that packaging and transportation are having on us and again we have factored in oil to be in the $90-100 range for the rest of this year and going forward because we simply dont know anything better to project and thats fully factored into our outlook and do our thinking going forward.
Art Winkleblack: If I can add to that, with the fuel costs going up and the impact on logistics costs were particularly pleased with our SG&A performance. The great leverage of those costs that weve got had been despite those higher logistics costs. We are pleased with that.
Bill Johnson: I think going forward we are all going to have to at in this industry and probably other industries is our ability to continue to grow the top line, managed gross margin line and hold fixed or drive down fixed costs thereby leveraging the bottom line and I think thats going to be a way we are going to have to look at the industry going forward, if least commodity trends remain and again no one really knows. Ive heard its now becoming endemic and were going to see these for the next ten years we really just dont know so I think we have to be prepared accordingly.
David Palmer  UBS: Ill leave it there. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bill Leach with Neuberger.
Bill Leach  Neuberger: Good morning. It sounds like you are full year tax rate guidance implies about a 34% tax rate in the back half. Can you just elaborate a little bit more you say the third quarter would be much higher than the fourth quarter? For those of us that have to model quarterly earnings thats obviously a big variable?
Art Winkleblack: I think you are right, Bill, in terms of around 34% in the back half of the year and timing of discrete items. In terms of the third quarter, it will be higher tax rate so we dont typically give too specific of guidance on that but I think you can figure 200-300 basis points higher potentially in the third quarter would be a rough guess off the top of my head.
Bill Leach  Neuberger: So we might use like 36-37% and then 32% for the fourth quarter?
Art Winkleblack: Id say closer to 35-36% in the third and then lower in the fourth.
Bill Leach  Neuberger: The other question I have, could you please comment on the sustainability of the European volume growth that was so strong this quarter. Thats really a large number given the maturity of some of your businesses in the UK. Was there pre buying in anticipation of price increases, anything that would suggest thats unsustainable?
Bill Johnson: No, if youll recall, we had a pretty good first quarter in European volume, we built it in the second quarter, and we have a lot of new activity a lot of new product initiatives and lot of innovation. In soup we launched three discrete lines of soup. We will be coming with more innovation in the second half which well talk about later. A lot of it is innovation driven, in Italy a lot of it is being driven by up aging in terms of the way we are approaching our baby food business and on the continent weve launched a number of new initiatives some of which were still waiting to see how they are going to play out, but fundamentally its a response to several things. Its a response to aggressive innovation, increased marketing, substantial improvement in our talent, particularly our commercial talent, rapid growth in our Russian business and our Eastern European business, Poland continues to do extremely well, as does Russia in terms of top line growth and then the benefits we are seeing from just the new product initiatives in the UK, particularly in soup where weve driven category growth in beans where we are seeing the same thing and in condiments and sauces. Its a function of improved marketing more innovation and a lot of very good new product initiatives and a 10% organic growth in Europe in the quarter, Im not going to say well sustain 10%, but we feel pretty good about our growth going forward in the European markets.
Bill Leach  Neuberger: Okay, thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Christina McLellan with Deutsche Bank.
Christina McLellan  Deutsche Bank: Just following up on Food Service. That business has struggled for a while and now conditions are worse with inflation and with a slowing consumer. I know got profits dropping in the back half, but what kind of things can you do to improve the business? Also, are your hands tied in terms of the pricing on contractual basis or are there kind of escalation clauses in those contracts?
Bill Johnson: Christina it varies by customer and by business and there are escalator clauses in many of the contract and we have pushed through pricing, we pushed through better than 2% pricing in the second quarter on Food Service so we are getting some pricing. I think that Food Service issue is basically bifurcated in the sense that regarding customer counts the one benefit that we will get with customer counts changing and shifting down to QSR as it benefits our higher margin pieces of our Food Service business which tends to be our condiments and sauces pieces, which were we are branded are clearly distinguishable from our competitors and allow us to do more things in terms of passing costs along. The other areas of the business where we are really commodity oriented in terms of costs, in terms of dairy costs impact and in terms of other costs we are all feeling this pressure and its just an issue of customer counts there. In terms of going forward on the Food Service business, again we are seeing a commensurate pick up in retail which actually benefits us as a company. I think back to the point made earlier and we will continue to look at ways to improve Food Service through the following initiatives; one we are looking at centralizing more of our food service activity and relocating it to Pittsburgh as opposed to the discrete units weve operated in the past; two were going to focus more on the areas that are branded where we bring leverage, primarily in condiments and sauces and in soups; and we are also going to be looking at opportunities to marry the capability in our retail division with our Food Service division so that we can begin to attack the perimeter areas and the emerging channels in both the super market area and in other areas. Food Service is still the strategic business for this company and again we are not looking for substantial turn around until we see a change in the economy but we have factored that into our thinking, we are not surprised by this, as weve been saying and we feel okay about where we are headed. We will continue to upgrade the management team and to make improvements across the talent base in Food Service to get it commensurate with where we are in retail.
Christina McLellan  Deutsche Bank: Okay, thank you, and then on Ketchup in the US you talked about the buy in impacting the volumes in the quarter, but the competitive activity in that segment has been really intense based on what we see in scanner data. Can you comment on that and if you expect that to continue and what actions you are taking to compete there?
Bill Johnson: Let me be very careful because I dont want to disparage a competitor who is doing something in our mind that is relatively foolish. We have moved pricing up in terms of what consumers are prepared to pay on Ketchup. We have a competitor out there thats offering 36 oz Ketchup at $0.99. We do not think that is in the best interest of the category, we do not think that is in the best interest of the business long term. It is not our plan to meet that head on it is our plan to continue to bring consumer innovation and drive the consumer to Heinz which is clearly the preferred product and has the higher market share in penetration. We are not anticipating that they back off that, we are assuming that if that competitor continues to price aggressively and again that is factored into our thinking going forward.
Christina McLellan  Deutsche Bank: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Lazar from Lehman Bros.
Andrew Lazar  Lehman Bros.: On last quarters call I think a couple times this morning you mentioned the need again for more manufacturing capacity in a number of different areas. Im curious if you can give a little color on what geographies and categories specifically the bulk of this investment is coming in. In light of that do you still see returns improving overall for this full year?
Bill Johnson: The answer to the last question is yes, we still see overall for the year improving versus the last couple of years. We are investing in capital basically broadly, we have added infant feeding capacity in Latin America, literally in the last six weeks weve already capped that out we are getting ready to look at additional capacity in the southern cone where we think there are significant opportunities for further growth in infant feeding. We have added additional capacity in frozen in the US, where again, given our growth we will continue to look at adding additional capacity. Weve added Ketchup capacity in other parts of the world; we are clearly looking at adding capacity at Long Fong in China, also in baby food in China and some of our Indian business. Fundamentally the business right now in terms of the top line is simply so healthy that we are looking at adding capacity in a number of areas. Its factored into our outlook for capital spending this year which should come in somewhere between 3 and 3.5% of sales which is dramatically higher than weve been spending over the last couple of years, but again, factored into our cash flow assumptions for the year its a nice opportunity and we continue to view it that way and we will continue to add capacity particularly in infant feeding which are very high margins, high growth businesses and 26% growth in the quarter is driving the need for capacity in a lot of places.
Andrew Lazar  Lehman Bros.: Clearly this sounds different than where this industry as a whole was in the 80s and early 90s where capacity additions were more just if you build it they will come, this seems far more, I dont want to put words in your mouth, but focused on where you see pretty clear and visible demand levels, does that make sense to you?
Bill Johnson: This is not Field of Dreams; were not building and hoping they will come. Its actually come and we are building it and in many cases our co packing has dramatically increased in virtually every business around the company as before we make the investments in capital we prove the need as opposed to adding it and then hope we can fill it. In some cases we are behind the curve. Clearly thats the case in infant feeding in a number of markets and its also the case in frozen in the US and again in other markets. Fundamentally, we are down to 70 or so manufacturing facilities around the US around the world down from 101 three years ago and so we are trying to prove the concepts, prove the business and then we will add the capacity as opposed to going about it the other way.
Andrew Lazar  Lehman Bros.: The last thing is around leveraging the SG&A that you talked about and kind of the model going forward as long as we are in this input cost environment, can you give me an example or two this quarter as an example how you are able to manage the SG&A non-marketing side of it to the level that you were. It is just a matter of growing the top line on the overhead base you have and being incredibly focused on not increasing the overhead base or is there a lot of taking out of overhead that you still have that you can still do?
Bill Johnson: This is part of the plan that we showed you 18 months ago and fundamentally what we are doing is leveraging the fixed costs base without trying to grow fixed costs. I think in the second half of the year you will see a slightly different SG&A number relative to what you saw on the second quarter as we invest behind the SAP and the task forces it will go up a bit versus what you saw in the second quarter but still will be relatively better than last year and in prior years. Fundamentally what we are trying to is leverage the top line without making significant investments and SG&A line would commence really offset that growth. Again, I think that is going to become the way we have to manage this business. Certainly in this commodity environment the company simply cannot allow fixed costs to get away from them given the pressure on the gross margin line and so I think we are paying extra attention to it. There was nothing extraordinary done in the quarter in terms of any downsizings or any fundamental changes, this is a continued evolution of the plan we laid out 18 months ago, frankly just the pressure weve put on SG&A over the last four or five years.
Andrew Lazar  Lehman Bros.: Thanks very much.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time.
Bill Johnson: Thank you all for participating in todays call. I just have a minute or so wrap up. As you have heard this is an exciting time for the H.J. Heinz Company we are growing well in categories and geographies where we are best positioned to win, we are managing commodity inflation through a combination of faster sales growth, net pricing gains, productivity gains and foreign currency, while continuing to make significant investments in future growth. I look forward to updating you next year on our continuing progress toward our goal of becoming the worlds premier food company. We will not be a Cagney in February but we are planning to host a half day investor meeting in New York on March 19th. Meg will provide more details to you shortly. Thank you, happy holidays to everyone and thanks for listening.
Operator: Thank you for participating in todays conference call.

===== 2008 Q1  (2007-09-17 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Margaret R. Nollen - VP, IR  Arthur B. Winkleblack - CFO and EVP  Edward J. McMenamin - Sr. VP, Finance 
Analysts: Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein & Co.  Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank  David Driscoll - Citigroup Investment Research  Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch  Terry Bivens - Bear Sterns  Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company  Christopher Growe - A. G. Edwards & Sons, Inc.  Pablo Zuanic - J. P. Morgan  Edgar Roesch - Banc of America Securities 
Operator: Good morning. My name is Cynthia and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to H. J. Heinz Company Fiscal Year 2007 First Quarter Earnings Release Conference Call. This call is being recorded at the request of H. J. Heinz Company. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions].  I would now like to turn the call over to Meg Nollen, Vice President, Investor Relations. Mr. Nollen, you may begin your conference. 
Margaret R. Nollen - Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you Cynthia and good morning everyone. I am Meg Nollen as you mentioned VP of Investor Relations for Heinz, and I want to welcome you this call.  Copies of the slides used in today's presentation are currently available on our website at heinz.com. Joining me on todays call are Arth Winkleblack, EVP and CFO and Ed McMenamin, SVP of Finance and Corporate Controller.  Before I being with our prepared remarks, I would like to refer you the forward-looking statements that is currently displayed, which also available on this mornings earning release and in our 10-K dated May 2, 2007 on file with the SEC. To summarize, during our presentation, we may make predictive statements about our business that are intended to clarify results for your understanding. We ask you to refer to our May 2, 2007 Form 10-K, which lists some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in our predictions. Heinz undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by securities law.  We may also use non-GAAP financial measures in our presentation as the Company believes such measures allow for consistent period-to-period comparison of the business. The most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and reconciliation to these non-GAAP measures are available in the company's earnings release today.  I would now like to turn call over to Arth Winkleblack, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Arth? 
Arthur B. Winkleblack - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: Thank you, Meg and good morning everyone. We appreciate you joining in us on a Friday morning and late August. We felt that today was better than any day of next week. This morning we are here to confirm the results that we preannouncement August 15 and update you on the progress we made on our superior value and growth plan.  Overall we had another great quarter and we are off to a very strong start for the fiscal year. The quarter was lead by a terrific performance in the Asia Pacific businesses and accelerating turnaround in Europe and continuing momentum in North American consumer products. These excellent results more than offset lower profitability in U. S. Food Service, which was down was in line with our expectations.  Companys highlights for the quarter were 9% top line growth driven by strong organic sales increases. Operating income, up 15% even after double-digit increases in our marketing investments and EPS higher by 9% despite a significant increase in the year-over-year tax rate. Net-net we are after a strong start for the year.  Our results for this quarter represent the continuation of strong momentum that began a couple of years ago. In terms of organic sales growth, which is simply the combination of volume and net pricing, we generated positive growth every quarter over the last nine quarters after adjusting for the noise of the extra week in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2006. And we have generated five quarters in a row of organic growth exceeding the 4% target risk established for the Company this year. We believe this strengthening sales momentum reflects our more focused portfolio as well as increased investment in our people and product and in marketing and R&D.  As you can see we have increased our consumer marketing spending at a double-digit rate import over the last five quarters. We have a similar momentum from an operating income standpoint, again after normalizing for the 53-week, we now posted eight consecutive quarters of strong operating profit growth going back to fiscal 2006. And that despite significant commodity cost headwinds and substantial increases in consumer marketing. This is a fifth quarter in row where we havent had any special charges and as a result our results are much simpler to understand.  Now stepping back for just a minute to provide some context, as you recall fiscal 06 was a year where we divested a number of businesses and focused on our three core categories in key geographies. At that time we developed strong momentum in the remaining three core businesses. We communicated this superior value and growth plans about 15 years ago to build on that momentum. This plan has three key pillars, grow the corporate portfolio, reduce cost to drive margins and generate cash to deliver superior value. You remember that we set very aggressive operating targets for fiscal 07 in each of these three strategic pillars and we delivered on those targets, leading or exceeding virtually all of our operating and financial goals despite a very challenging cost environment and one less selling week in the prior year.  As we look to the second year of the business plan, we have again set aggressive operating targets. To fiscal 2008 our growth generally include double-digit increases in consumer marketing and R&D and calls for another year double-digit sales growth in the emerging markets. In terms of margins, we again expect to drive down trade spending and are targeting significant productivity gains on the supply chain and in our distribution and administrative areas. This include excellent five more plans as we continue to simply the company. And in terms of cash, we are looking to again drive strong results based on profit growth and continued reduction in the cash conversion cycle. We planned to share this cash for our shareholders to 500 million of shares repurchases and through our annual dividend, its up about 9% from prior year.  As you can see our first quarter operating results are right on track, in every case our Q1 results were ahead over the full year target. Emerging market sales grew 15%. We heavily invested behind the brands around the globe, trade spending came down significantly as we drilled net price and cash at high commodity inflation and we mange through some supply constrains related to our strong growth rate.  Our SG&A performance was excellent as we discus this later we were seeing administrative savings around the globe. We then improved our cash conversion cycle despite some additional inventories we prepared for additional capacity to come on line.  Operating free cash flow for the quarter was below last year that was in line with our internal plan. Remember due to tough seasonality the first quarter is always lower in terms of cash flow and we have 25% of our full year spending target for share repurchases in the first quarter.  Now we go to full year, we increased our targets for fiscal08 at our May 31 Investor Conference versus the original targets and a superior value and growth plans. To the strength that we are seeing in the first quarter and our strong plans for the balance of the year, we believe that we are well-positioned to achieve the higher outlook that we announced from August 15. We now expect sales to be above 9.5 billion for the year and that will be at the upper end of our 254 to 260 EPS range. Just stay tuned to account the difficult commodity environment the industry facing from the fact that we have a number of new initiatives in which we are going to invest over the balance of the year.  I would like to go a bit deeper on the progress we are making on each of our strategic pillars starting with growing the core portfolio. Over the fast few years we worked hard to streamline the portfolio down the three core categories, which now represent 96% of total sales.  Our portfolio mix is more than 40% Ketchup and sauces, 40% meals and snacks and more than 10% in infant nutrition leaving only about 4% remaining outside of our core. We are very pleased that all three core categories are demonstrating strong growth and tracking at or above our overall target even after excluding the impact of foreign exchange. Within these core categories the organization has strongly focused on our top 15 brands. Each brand holds strong market position, represented approximately 70% of total sales in the quarter and grew above the Company average at 11%. Pudliszki in Poland, Smart Ones in the U. S. and Heinz around the globe led our growth.  The other key to success the other key to our success is our very strong international business. Remember that with the exception of Wrigleys, Heinz is the most global U. S. based food company, with 60% of our total sales generated outside of the U. S. Overall, international sales growth was a very strong 14% with organic sales growing at 7%. These results were led by the emerging markets of India, China, and Poland.  Essential to our growth is in the Companys ability to hit the suite spot with a great taste, convenience, and health converge. This is an important lens through which we gaze our innovation initiatives. Within our innovation framework, our growing success of new product development is primary attributable to the priority we have placed on better understanding our consumers. We fully expect our management team to be experts on the consumers in their respective markets. Based on our improved consumer insight, we are introducing over 200 new product ideas around the globe this year.  Health and wellness is a clear strategic opportunity for Heinz, particularly given our global expertise in tomato base products, nutrient rich beans and infant nutrition. Heinz was a legacy as the pure food company is particularly well positioned to capitalize on the trend toward healthier reading. Through product such as our organic Classico pasta sauces, our expanding range of reduced calorie meal, soups and dessert under the Weight Watchers and the Smart Ones brands, our nutritious hi-fiber beans and our fortified infant nutrition products. We provide consumers with many healthy options that suit their taste and lifestyles.  Making existing products even more helpful is a key part of the strategy. For example, we have expanded our specialty ketchup range with no salt, organic and reduced sugar varieties. In Ore-Ida line will be free of trans fats by the end of this year and we are pushing our new health and wellness initiatives and specially infant nutrition where we have recently introduced the Plasmon Select natural brand in Italy and Omega 3 fortified infant foods in China.  We are applying the science of innovation in each of our core categories and our clear understanding of consumer behavior led to the development of top down ketchup bottle which we have now introduced successfully across the Heinz world not only on ketchup, but on many of our other great sauces as well, including most recently, HP.  Some other recent innovations in this category include the launch of Heinz Fridge Fit ketchup last fiscal year which is still driving year-over-year growth on our flagship brand in U. S. And we have recently introduced this in a club pack. The rollout of 100% all natural Pudliszki ketchup for kids in Poland which started shipping in July, the introduction of two great new Classico flavors earlier this calendar year, convenient and affordable new ABC soy sauce receivable pouches in Indonesia, and new adult ketchup flavors in U. K. where we have rolled out PK with a twist. The key to our innovation is that we are not straying from our core rather we are adding value to our products that consumers are willing to pay for it and its proving to be a successful formula.  Tuning to meals and snacks. We are very excited about our new great taste and convenient products in this category. Big Eats launched last fiscal year in Australia has driven terrific. As a result, we are now rolling it into the U. K. and range is selling so well we are already expanding capacity to keep up the demand. We have added microwavable soups in the U. K., Australia, New Zealand. And U. K. is launching a number of new varieties improving our Farmers market premium line which started shipping in July.  We have also added excitement to the beans category in U. K. with Heinz baked beans which HP sauce. And then in the second quarter, we are introducing Snap Pots, convenient microwavable plastic pots for our very popular Heinz beans into pasta foods.  As you know many consumers now prefer healthy, convenient, light meals and snacks sporadically throughout the day rather than the traditional breakfast, lunch and dinner. We have responded with a successful launch as Smart Ones, Anytime Selection quesadillas and calzones in the U. S. and the expansion of our Watties Toasties handheld pastry sandwiches in New Zealand.  Around the world in the nutrition categories growing at very robust rates, as busy moms turn to safe, healthy, and convenient prepared foods for their babies. In Italy, we have restaged our Toddler milk with new re-closable packaging renewed our wet line and supported with our new TV advertising campaign and launched three new flavors of our biscuits.  In China, where they are expected to be more than 20 million babies born this year, we are launching nationally our premium cereal line fortified for developmental benefits and a similarly position products in jars and mutlipacks.  In the U. K., we are re-launching mom zone recipe with 14 new product recipes, which in meat line utilizes winning customer recipes and features winning mom and baby on packaging and advertise. And in Canada, we have expanded our line adding fruit and vegetable combinations along with mini cereal bars and fruit bars for toddlers.  Turning to our emerging markets, Heinz is well ahead of our most American food companies with strong and profitable brands like Heinz and Long Fong in China, ABC in Indonesia, Complan and Glucon-D in India, Pudliszki in Poland and Heinz in Russia and Latin America. In China, Long Fong grew more than 20% this quarter as we continue to expand distribution points and support our brands with strong advertisings. In India, Complan further strengthen its momentum with more than 20% growth in the first quarter including a new popular strawberry flavor. And Glucon-D grew more than 45% in the quarter aided by the launch of the lemon lime flavor and the new advertising campaign. The progress in these markets represents a unique competitive advantage for Heinz and a key to future growth.  The importance of our emerging markets portfolio continues to increase. The Heinz emerging markets include the rick-up countries and Latin America. With 15% year-on-year growth in these markets during Q1. Emerging markets now represent 11% of total Company sales, up from 8% just a couple of years ago. With sales growth outpacing the Company average, emerging markets represents 17% of our total top line growth in the first quarter. Strategically, we feel very good about our emerging market's platform and our continuing to invest to drive additional profitable growth point forward. Underlying our growth around the world, as the continuing increase in our consumer market and investment. As I mentioned earlier, our consumer marketing spending dramatically ramped up in fiscal '07 and is continuing into fiscal '08.  Focusing per minute on the first quarter, you can see that we have increased first quarter marketing at a compound annual rate of 24% over the last two years, up $31 million increase over Q1 of FY 06. At the same time, we have increased operating income at a nearly 13% compound annual growth rate over last two years and successfully lapped a very strong Q1 profit last year.  I will tell you briefly the second strategic imitative of reducing cost to drive margins. Toward the operating margin structure for the first quarter this year compared to last years first quarter. Ed will take you through the details in a couple of minutes, but we are very pleased that our operating margin improved 80 basis points in the quarter despite very significant commodity cost inflation and 50 basis points increase in consumer marketing. The improvement was driven by reduction of G&A cost across the Company. Even though, the cost of sales was up slightly as a percent of sales, we continue to generate strong productivity in supply chain now totaling approximately 210 million over the last five quarters.  Clearly, we are witnessing some of the worst commodity inflation in many, many years for prospect that the Company offset approximately 180 million of inflation last fiscal year through the rising cost ingredients in packaging and inflation will be even higher in fiscal 08. We now expect commodity inflation to be approximately 5.5% across the Company this year, mainly driven by dairy, sweetener, oil packaging and tomatoes. We are seeing positive net pricing and productivity offset these cost headwinds. Productivity initiatives include our supply chain task force and new internal procurement academy, newer ways to reduction teams and improved systems. Going forward, however, given this unprecedented commodity environment like others in our industry, we will continue to take price increases around the world the way we expect to.  Finally, lets turn to our third strategic pillar, generating cash to deliver superior value. As you know, we put a great deal of focus on cash flow and have been one of the leaders in our industry in this regard. Over the last five years, Heinzs operating free cash growth as a percentage of sales has averaged 10.5% versus the peer group average of 7.7%. For reference the peer group is the S&P packaged food group excluding pricing and bean foods. So, we have developed a strong track record of effectively generating cash growth for our shareholders and basically recapitalize the Company out of its working capital. We have had our cash converging cycle almost in half, dropping for more than 90 days in 2002 to less than 50 in 2007. We now have about $1 billion less working capital than in fiscal 02.  At this point, we feel good about our CCC which is significantly better than the average of our peer group and there is further opportunity that we are pursuing an inventory over time. We know that our owners want to share our cash flow with them. The last three fiscal years, we have returned more than $3 billion to shareholders to annual dividends and share repurchases and this year we are continuing that effort. Through the first quarter, we have exited with 25% of our full year target for share repurchases reducing fully diluted shares outstanding by nearly 3%. Importantly, we have returned a significant amount of cash to shareholders through our annual dividend. Using our stock price at the end of the first quarter, our dividend yield was a very healthy 3.5%, almost 100 basis points ahead of our peer group average. In the past 15 months, we have increased the dividend by 27%.  Okay. With that, I would like to turn it over to Ed to provide further specifics on the financial performance for the quarter. Ed? 
Edward J. McMenamin - Senior Vice President, Finance: Thanks, Art and good morning everyone. As I go through the results for Q1, I think you will appreciate a strong performance this quarter, as well as the improved clarity with our special items in either period. First, let me start by taking a look at our P&L scorecard. We can see that building on a very strong quarter last year, we have significantly improved our performance on virtually every metric during the quarter. Net sales exceeded last year by over 9%, led by the growth in our top 15 brands, which were 11% inline with our focus on reducing trade spending as a percentage of gross sales, we have cut spending by 160 basis points to 15.8% this quarter.  This has been accomplished by reducing spending on less efficient promotions and by realignment of some coolest, some list prices. In response to commodity costs and capacity constraints in some areas, we pulled back on promotions this quarter. So, although, we will continue to make progress on reducing trade spending going forward, we are targeting around a 30 basis points annual improvement. We continued our investment in consumer marketing, which increased by 25% or 50 basis points as a percentage of revenue. Operating income exceeded last year by almost 15%, primarily driven by strong sales growth and tight SG&A management. EPS at $0.63 was up almost 9% as operating income growth and fewer shares outstanding more than compensated for a higher tax rate.  Now lets take a deeper look at the income statement. As you saw on the scorecard, the P&L was extremely strong this quarter. Touching on several of the lines that werent on the scorecard, you can see that gross profit increased 9%. SG&A was virtually flat despite the strong top line growth and net income was up 6%.  I will go deeper on each of the major lines that comprise operating income in the next few slides, but I would like to cover the activity below operating income here. Net interest and other expenses were up $11 million, primarily resulting from a higher interest cost due to our share repurchase activity since last July. We know that diluted shares outstanding are down almost 3%, distorting the progress against our goal of $1 billion in cumulative share repurchases for fiscal years 2007 and 2008. The Companys effective tax rate increased to 26.6% from 20.3% last year.  And I will take a minute to provide some background on taxes. As you may recall, last year benefited from the revaluation of assets in one of our foreign subsidiaries, resulting in a particularly lower effective rate for the quarter and contributing to a 29.6% rate for the full year. In the first quarter of this year, the U. K. reduced its statutory tax rate from 30% to 28%. Reduction takes effective in April 2008. However, the impact of this future rate reduction on net deferred tax liabilities is recognized in full in Q1. This is the primary reason why we were able to deliver a 26.6% effective tax rate for the quarter relative to our annual guidance of 31% to 32%.  Although, U.K. rate reduction will benefit us long-term, the adjustments in deferred taxes this quarter is far more pronounced than the long-term impact on our effective tax rate. We remain confident in our 31% to 32% estimate for the year and would expect the rates for the balance of the year to be slightly above that range.  Now lets take a deeper look at sales. The first quarter delivered outstanding organic sales growth of 5.3%. I might add this is on top of 6% organic growth in Q1 of last year. The increase was led by strong volume of 2.5%, price of 2.8% or foreign exchange added 6%, and net divestitures reduced sales by 0.7%. In order to aid your understanding of the sale drivers, we have added a table in the press release showing these changes by segment. We are pleased that we have generated a balance of strong volume and strong pricing. The consumer volume was led by a particularly strong performance by Heinz ketchup, beans and soup in Europe and supported by continued solid results in North American consumer products, Australia, New Zealand and the RICIP markets.  Notably, the RICIP markets produced 11% volume growth in the quarter. These increases were partially offset by volume declines in the U. S. food service segment. Global pricing was realized across all the segments and each of the major business units. U.S. food service in Europe in particular achieved pricing above the corporate average. The continued commodity trends will result in our increased focus on higher net price realization through that higher risk prices and more effective deal spending.  Turning to net sales by segment, every segment delivered organic sales growth. Please note, that we achieved our segment reporting to reclassify our business from India, from the Rest of World to the Asia-Pacific segment reflecting organizational changes. We have adjusted last year for consistency and we also be providing last years quarterly sales and profits for India in the 10-Q to be filed later today. Our larger segment is Europe where sales grew by almost 12%. Organic growth offered 6% with volume contributing 2.4% and pricing 3.4%. The volume increase was mainly due to outstanding performance in the Heinz brand across Europe as well as the Pudliszki brand in Poland. The price increase was largely due to Heinz ketchup, salad, cream, beans and soup in the U. K. Foreign exchange added 8%, while a number of small divestitures reduced sales in Europe by about 2%.  North American consumer product sales were up a very strong 8%, led by a 3.3% volume improvement primarily in Heinz ketchup and Smart Ones. Additionally consumer products realized almost 2% in prices this quarter helping to offset the commodity costs. Asia-Pacific had a great quarter, with sales up 18%. Volume for the segment was up about 6%, driven by strong growth in Australia, New Zealand, India and China. Positive net pricing in the segment of 1.2% was led by India and Indonesia. Topping of these increases was our 11% increase from foreign exchange. U.S. food service organic sales grew up half a point, a favorable net pricing of 3.2% was partially offset by a 2.7% volume decline.  Overall, sales for the segment were down almost 1% through the divestiture of low margin product lines which reduced sales by 1.3%. The volume declines were primarily due to non-branded single sauces condiments and tomato products, while Heinz ketchup delivered volume growth during the quarter. And in the rest of world segment, sales were up 9%, as a 6% increase in volume and a 9% increase in price could partially offset by a 7% decline from divestitures.  As indicated earlier, gross profit was up 9%, but our gross profit margin increased slightly to 37.3% as we experienced significant input cost increases. As you can see, broad base pricing contributed 170 basis points to gross margin. Commodity and other inflation reduced gross margin by 350 basis points this quarter. Virtually, all of our key ingredients were up with substantial increases in dairy and oils, up over 20%, while sweeteners were up over 10%, offsetting a portion of these headwinds was 120 basis points of productivity improvements. Art discussed a number of these initiatives earlier in his speech.  As I refer to the balance of the year, we expect commodity costs to be higher than originally planned, and we are confident that we have covered those in our profit outlook through continued pricing and productivity as well as strong volume.  Now lets take a look at SG&A. Excluding marketing expenses, our SG&A cost was 17.1% of sales. Thats down 150 basis points from Q1 of last year. Excluding the impact of last years commodity costs, SG&A has slowed down 4 percentage points with Selling and Distribution benefiting from our network optimization project in the U. S. and traditional G&A down with reduced headcount.  Turning to operating income, North American consumer products grew by over 6%, due primarily to strong organic sales growth, partially offset by escalating commodity costs. Its worth noting that this profit growth is on top of nearly 15% operating income growth for CP in last years first quarter. Europes results were up 16% from last year, primarily due to strong organic sales growth, reduced G&A and the favorable impact of foreign exchange, while overcoming increased commodity costs and increased marketing investments. Adjusting for foreign exchange and divestitures Europes profits are still up about 10%. The U. K. and Italy in particular delivered strong operating performance, while our businesses in Continental Europe primarily the Netherlands and Germany have experienced strong commodity cost headwinds and are expected to further increase prices this year to offset these market-wide cost increases.  The Asia-Pacific segments operating income is up a very impressive 50%, resulting from solid performance from all business units and outstanding improvement in Australia and India. Although, FX aided these segments results, operating income would have nearly 35% on a constant currency basis. In line with our expectations, operating income in U. S. Foodservice decreased by around 20%, largely due to increased commodity and supply chain costs along with the volume declines in PPI, I discussed earlier. We expect the full year results to be slightly down for Foodservice as we further integrated with the consumer products business, but we do expect that the year-on-year comparisons will improve in the balance of the year. We also grew the non-operating segment also delivered improved results for this quarter. Now lets move to the balance sheet score card.  Capital expenditures of $58 million, the 2.6% of sales, up 70 basis points from the prior year. This increase is in line with the expectations and reflects capacity related spending in support of future growth and ongoing investment in better systems. Our full year projections for capital spending remain just over 3% of sales. Our first quarter cash conversion cycle, reached an all time level 34 days, a further improvement of three days from last year. Operating free cash flow is below last year and Ill take you through an overview of cash flow a bit later. Net debt increased to $4.5 billion, this increase is in line with our plans as we completed over $625 million in share repurchases since this time last year, lower than the total increase in net debt.  Consistent with our plan, RICIP was 15.9%, which is up 80 basis points primarily due to improved profitability. The change in accounting for pensions has helped RICIP slide up 40 basis points to-date, and we will estimate approximately 100 basis points for the full year. As a result, weve increased our RICIP target to 17% from our original 16%. As our quick operating working capital is up as a result of our strong growth, we continue to reduce our cash conversion cycle. The three day reduction in CTC was driven by data outstanding down two days, comparable to favorable five days offset by a three day increase in inventory. As I mentioned earlier, operating free cash flow was below last year, POWC was unfavorable to last year by $32 million, which is less than the incremental investment in inventory.  These and other items were $12 million unfavorable to last year as a result of the $30 million increase in tax payments. I touched on capital expenditures earlier, but I will point out that last year received $24 million for plant disposals while there were no proceeds this year.. The $24 million spending for acquisitions net of divestitures reflects the current quarter acquisition of Cottee's and Rose's in Australia, partially offset by the proceeds from a small divestiture in Portugal. And finally, EBIT Heinz reflects the 8.6% increase we announced in June. Overall, we are extremely pleased with our performance again this quarter. Our increased investment in consumer marketing and R&D are continuing to drive strong top line growth. In addition, our focus on tight cost control and productivity improvements are enabling us to more than compensate for the commodity headwinds that are industry is facing.  With that, Ill turn it back to Arthur to update you on our full year outlook. 
Arthur B. Winkleblack - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: Thanks Ed. Now lets wrap up with the outlook for the year and a few final comments before we open it for questions. As I mentioned, we have raised our sights for the full year and now anticipate sales to grow at least 6% to 7% versus our original 4% target. Operating income growth at the upper end of the 7% to 9% growth range we provided in May. EPS growth projected at the upper end of our 254, 260 range, representing growth of 8% to 9%. As part of this we still expect the tax rate to be between 31% and 32%. And finally, we forecast operating free cash flow to be around $825 million, with higher capital spending for capacity related projects and systems investments along with higher inventory in advance of additional capacity coming online. Importantly we feel very good about our prospects for the year, despite commodity cost inflation is significantly higher than originally planned. We also have a number of terrific new product ideas and capability building projects that we are planning to invest in to sustain our momentum for the long-term.  And just to summarize, we are after a great start for the year with our key operating and financial methods tracking well. We are confident in our full year outlook for both the top line and the bottom line. We are going to continue to aggressively launch and support consumer relevant innovation and will press hard on net pricing and productivity to offset the very difficult commodity environment. And lastly, we are committed to investing in the business in order to sustain long-term momentum.  With that, lets open it up to your questions.  Question and Answer 
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We will pause for just a moment to compile the Q&A roaster. Your first question comes from the Alexia Howard with Sanford Bernstein. 
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein & Co. : Hello guys. 
Arthur B. Winkleblack - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: Hello, Alexia. 
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein & Co. : Good morning. Couple of quick questions. I noticed that I mean Europe seems to be coming pretty more strongly at the moment and I was wondering whether you could speak to the prices as far as and also whats happening with the U. K. pricing environment? It seems to me thats reading a lot about the U. K. retail is getting a little bit tougher on pricing again and also wonder on the sales demand whether you are seeing weather having an impact on the soups and sauces of this business out there? 
Arthur B. Winkleblack - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: Yes, good questions, Alexia. Overall Europe, we had some great top line growth in every major market, we had almost 6% organic growth. That was about 2.5% volume, pricing is about 3.5%, and that driven by the consumer marketing up about 40%, about half of the company increase, weve got strong new products as I mentioned. They were able to offset some tough commodity inflation. So, continued pricing is key to your point. G&A savings were very strong in Europe, so thats certainly helped their results and really right now, the key is keeping up with demand from a supply standpoint. But in terms of the U. K. pricing, it is a difficult environment having said that, if you bring the innovation that consumers are willing to pay forward, we are finding that we are able to pass along appropriate price increases and its necessary given the commodity environment, I think you mentioned weather also, the weather did impact the sales in U. K. with soup benefiting from that, but on the flip side of it, our sauces business, you know was hurt by the weather as it came out. So net, net we are just very pleased with Europe and we believe thats that turnaround is setting and moving on. 
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein & Co. : All right. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank. 
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Hi, good morning everybody. 
Arthur B. Winkleblack - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: Hi, Eric. 
Edward J. McMenamin - Senior Vice President, Finance: Good morning. 
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: I guess my question goes to first in North American segment, I think at the last Analyst meeting in New York, I kind of questioned Bill about the I think it was like 9% to 10% kind of EBIT growth projection for North American consumer this year. You started out lower than that. What gives you confidence in this cost environment that you can still make what I thought was a fairly aggressive target to begin with? 
Arthur B. Winkleblack - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: Yes, Eric. We feel like we are on track in consumer products, the numbers came in right in line with our plan. Weve got great volume momentum and a number of products, products like Smart Ones, Boston market continue to fire of the shows, Heinz, the Heinz brand had an exceptionally good quarter to strong top line results, clearly commodities are top headwinds then and more than what we had planned. Having said that, we are working hard on price increases and we are getting those through and they are sticking, I mean if you might recall Q1 of last year was one of the strongest that CP had, so this was probably our toughest overlap. So, thats not to say its a lay down. But we feel very confident and we like the momentum or seeing in consumer products. 
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Its a fair point. And then I guess second you indicated that there is going to be five plant closures this year maybe you already did one in the quarter. Is there a like upfront cost that you absorbed in the quarter within the numbers? And how much would that be for the full year, or was it in the past restructuring? 
Edward J. McMenamin - Senior Vice President, Finance: No. There is 
Arthur B. Winkleblack - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: No, there is Eric to that point there, theres no material with one-time cost in there with fully covered any associated cost within the algorithm. So, we dont expect anything significant going forward. 
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then my last question quickly, corporate expense, I guess why was it down so much and would you expect the number to be for the full year? 
Arthur B. Winkleblack - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: Yes, we I think as I mentioned we had some proxy contest costs last in the first quarter that we obviously didnt have this quarter, so that certainly helped. But even beyond that we have been trekking a very hard line on G&A expenses and you see that globally those G&A expenses were very favorable in the quarter. I wouldnt expect them to continue to be as favorable as what we seen this quarter but we feel good about where were going for the full year. 
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Very thanks. 
Arthur B. Winkleblack - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: Yes. 
Margaret R. Nollen - Vice President, Investor Relations: And Eric I just want to throw away in I was looking back, Dave's comment was 7% and 9% expected OI growth for the year not 9% to 10%. 
Operator: Your next question comes from David Driscoll with Citi Investment Research. 
David Driscoll - Citigroup Investment Research: Hi good morning. 
Arthur B. Winkleblack - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: Hi David. 
David Driscoll - Citigroup Investment Research: Congratulations on the nice start to the year. My question would be in Europe, how much of the sales growth was driven by the reduced trade promotion in Europe? I think you said the overall number for the Company but I apologize I didnt hear the European ones specifically. 
Arthur B. Winkleblack - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President: Yes we dont typically talk too directly about each of the segments but the bulk of the reductions came out of Europe. So, that as you remember last year was more oriented toward reductions in the U. S. This year its much more about reducing trade spending in Europe and we are off to a head of a good start. 
David Driscoll - Citigroup Investment Research: But would you expect that is where the bulk of these benefits will continue to come from, the trade reductions from Europe? 
Arthur B. Winkleblack - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: Yes for this fiscal year the bulk of those savings are coming out of Europe. So but here again we wouldnt anticipate that we will see that strong a reduction over the balance of the year. But as I mentioned were tracking well through our plan. 
David Driscoll - Citigroup Investment Research: And then if I could pick this a little bit more because you have made a lot of comments on trade reduction and what the possibilities were in Europe. Can you just talk to us a little bit about the geographies and I am really trying to drive to the difference between the United Kingdom and your baby food base business and Italy. Was it was the trade reduction is it really due to one of those geographies and if so, which one? 
Arthur B. Winkleblack - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: No, I think we saw very good reductions in the U. K. and Italy as I recall. So, good progress there. Thats probably the toughest market for us from that and I regard as continental Europe particularly Northern Europe. So, I think if you think about the savings primarily U. K. and primarily in Italy. 
David Driscoll - Citigroup Investment Research: On the new product front, thats also a big portion for the story for Europe, can you talk to me a little bit about the impact of new products on a quarterly pattern? Is there anything is it even throughout the year. Was the first quarter, perhaps the most important one from the new product standpoint noted in your release? Then you talked a lot about the new soup offerings in the United Kingdom, can you give us a little bit of guidance here on sometimes it hard to really understand. You a launching like a 100 new products I think in Europe over all. But its hard to understand precisely the how the quarterly pattern might layout from a dollar perspective. Is one quarter much more important than another? 
Arthur B. Winkleblack - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: No, not really I think as I recall across the Company, its pretty well level set across the business. Some you want to make sure that you want to get off early in the year if you got sorting the paper or something like that. But we have got very strong programs laid out for the second, third and fourth quarter. So, pretty much even I would think, David. And by the way congratulations to you. 
David Driscoll - Citigroup Investment Research: Thank you very much I appreciate that. I have a few more fast questions for you if I might? 
Arthur B. Winkleblack - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: Okay. 
David Driscoll - Citigroup Investment Research: First question is the marketing dollars, were they concentrated in any one particular geography? And then the second question is in your sales guidance whats the embedded implication for foreign exchange within the sales guidance? 
Arthur B. Winkleblack - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: Yes, the marketing spending was up from across most of all of our segments that is we mentioned primarily in Europe, I think about 50% increase was from Europe from a marketing standpoint. But all the other markets up as well. And you last question was? 
David Driscoll - Citigroup Investment Research: Foreign exchange, what's the given the sales guidance that the total number. Just give us a ballpark here. Whats your expectation for the benefit from that FX? 
Arthur B. Winkleblack - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: Yes, well we would expect FX to be around where it is now for the balance of the year. I think thats roughly what we have forecast. I mean as I recall, lets add it couple of points, 200 points or so to the sales forecast. Good news is that we are up on the organic business as well but and then getting a boost out of foreign exchange. Having said that, the boost form foreign exchange is dwarfed by the higher than planned commodity cost. So, its some external factors some dwarf and some minor. 
David Driscoll - Citigroup Investment Research: Really appreciate the information guys. Great quarter. Thank you. 
Arthur B. Winkleblack - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: Thanks. 
Margaret R. Nollen - Vice President, Investor Relations: For those of you that dont know David just got back from his honeymoon so thanks for joining us David. 
David Driscoll - Citigroup Investment Research: Just for you guys. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Serotta with Merrill Lynch. 
Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch: Good morning. 
Arthur B. Winkleblack - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: Hey Eric good morning. 
Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch: Couple of quick questions here. First you mentioned some supply constraints or capacity constraints earlier. Could you give us some idea about what categories those were in? And whether there is any change to your capital spending plan as the results exposed to high class problem to have. But could you give us some detail on that? 
Arthur B. Winkleblack - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: Yes, I mean given competitive reasons I probably wont get specific. But as you are seeing, we are generating much stronger volume momentum through the business across all of our segments. So, with that momentum comes a different problem and the problem is keeping up with demand. So, again a high class problem. And so, what we are working to do is to make sure that we are ready to meet that demand in an umber of markets. In particular, in the U. S. and in Europe we have got some areas where we want to quickly get some capacity and plates. Our capital spending will be I think we have mentioned all along will be higher than it has been over the past few years. Having said that, I think the 3% to 3.5% guidance on capital spending is probably still about ripe. Spending against both capacity related capital and for continuing systems investment. 
Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch: Okay. And in another area, could you go into a little more detail about the competitive environment in the Italian infant feeding market? And I hate to kind of be the dead horse on this one it seems to come up on every call. But given the continued consolidation and the global infant feeding business, are you guys looking at that category any differently these days than you have been in the past? 
Arthur B. Winkleblack - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: Yes, good question. In terms of the competition and infant feeding, Numico with Mellon is obviously, a tough competitor in Italy. And we are appropriately battling back and forth on that. I think we have seen up until very recently some very, very aggressive promotional tactics on those parts. For a number of weeks, we have chosen not to match some of those very deep competitive price points. Choosing rather to compete on a consumer basis in terms of innovation and in terms of marketing. Having said that, if that kind of deep discounting continues, we will need to do. So, its a competitive environment, but hey everybody has got heavy competitors.  And in terms of nutrition in general, I mean just stepping back we are the number three player in baby food worldwide when it comes to food even after the recently announced deals. Infant nutrition is open of the fastest growing categories on the food industry on a global basis. We have got leading share positions and a bunch of markets around the world. So, we remain very excited and very committed to the baby food business. And frankly, we welcome the competition. 
Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch: Great. Well, good luck. Thank you. 
Arthur B. Winkleblack - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: Thanks. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Terry Bivens with Bear Sterns. 
Terry Bivens - Bear Sterns: Hi good everyone. 
Arthur B. Winkleblack - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: Hi good morning. 
Terry Bivens - Bear Sterns: Two quick questions. Art, The gross margin I guess slipped a little bit. I was looking at the pricing, the volume is there, what would you say how would you allocate kind of the head wind you saw in the gross margin sorted? 
Arthur B. Winkleblack - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: As you said the gross margin was slightly lower than prior year. And I think as we look for the full year, I wouldnt expect a lot of growth in gross profit margin. Given the commodity head wind, I can just do the math on commodity headwind versus pricing. As we price up the cover, that will change our gross margin expectation. But if you think about the commodity in our headwinds as Ed mentioned, dairy and oils up over 20%. Sweeteners were double digit, tomatoes, packaging, beans all very significant increases. So, commodity cost increase in first quarter are probably around $50 million. So, its a very sizeable impact for the quarter. 
Terry Bivens - Bear Stearns: Okay. So thats really the delta there, right? 
Arthur B. Winkleblack - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: Yes. 
Terry Bivens - Bear Stearns: Overhead? 
Arthur B. Winkleblack - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: Yes, Yes. I mean to be quite honest, I think we have all over the past number of weeks as this year has gone on. Weve seen much higher tomato inflation than originally anticipated. Good news is we have it fully factored and covered. 
Terry Bivens - Bear Stearns: Okay. And one on Foodservice. Id like to get just a little bit better idea of where the portion pack weakness is. We were checking with our restaurant guys, the Quick Service seemed to be doing pretty good. If you can give us a little bit more color on where that weak spot seems to be? 
Arthur B. Winkleblack - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: Yes. I think just stepping back from Foodservice. Our organic sales in the business were up about half points. Overall, we look pretty good at the top line. We had strong branded results and ketchup was up almost 9% as I recall. To your point, the softer results were really in PPI and some of our smaller subs. I mean that relates to more of the product label business and we pack for the mid scale family restaurants and the casual dining segments, and those segments of Foodservice are having a little tougher time than some of the other areas. QSRT your point is quite positive, but as we look at the profitability in Foodservice its really very heavy commodity costs that disproportionably hit us in Foodservice. They basically have the same dollar impact to commodity costs as did the consumer products business and as you recall consumer product is a lot bigger. So, Foodservice impacted by diary, oil and film, and we probably had our toughest cost overlap in the first quarter from a supply chain standpoint. So net, net Foodservice is about as we expected. 
Terry Bivens - Bear Stearns: Over time do you think you could get out of some of those co-packing contracts or do you kind of need those to help recover overhead? 
Arthur B. Winkleblack - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: Well, I think we continue to look at the profitability of our skews and of our customers and well make whatever decisions are required. You might recall over the past six months or so we have got out of few of those unprofitable customers. So, we are continuing to take a hard look at it. The other thing as I step back from, I am excited about the long-term outlook for Foodservice. We clearly have some work to do in that business as we integrate not only within Foodservice, some of the subs that were acquired over a number of years we still got some integration work to do there. And as we integrate under David Morans leadership between Foodservice and CP. But theres some teething pains as we do that, but I think that will be an important project as we get more cost competitive in that arena. 
Terry Bivens - Bear Stearns: Okay. Great, and Thanks a lot. 
Arthur B. Winkleblack - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: Yes. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Ann Gurkin with Davenport. 
Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company: Good Morning. 
Arthur B. Winkleblack - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: Good Morning, Ann. 
Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company: We saw a nice pick up and growth for the top 15 brands. Can you come on the biggest driver? Is it increased support for this brand innovation? 
Arthur B. Winkleblack - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President: You know Ann, I think its all of the above. The answer is that we had some great innovation going on as I profiled. Weve got some very strong, just, good strong sales executions, so good momentum in the business as we adopt greater talent. We have increased the marketing support across a number of our brands and keep continuing to do that. Ann, its all based again as I mentioned on better consumer insight. I think weve done much better job of really understanding the consumer, doing our homework, doing the analytics and then launching the right product and the right initiative and the right marketing, frankly behind those insights. 
Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company: And well marketing expense is going to be a double digit behind the brands in 08? 
Arthur B. Winkleblack - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: Yes, as we mentioned for the full year it will be up, double digit. 
Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company: Okay. And then in terms of commodity cost I did not see meat listed. Is that because its not as much of a pressure as the others or we have you, a not realizing higher cost on that front. Can you comment on that? 
Arthur B. Winkleblack - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: Yes as I recall its up, but it just doesnt make the radar screen in terms of one of those top six or seven items that are up. Weve got so many different commodities that are up significantly but it is more impact but not huge. 
Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company: And will sweetener cost be up in the same magnitude they were up in 07 versus 06. 
Arthur B. Winkleblack - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: So far, as I recall sweeteners were up. Were looking at about 10% increase in sweeteners. 
Edward J. McMenamin - Senior Vice President, Finance: Yes. I think that will hold for the full year. 
Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company: And you have taken an average of 2.8% in terms of price increases or are you going to need to increase prices in 2008. 
Arthur B. Winkleblack - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: What was that? 
Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company: When you combine your commodity costs? 
Arthur B. Winkleblack - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: We have taken price increases and we plan to take additional price increases in certain markets, its just absolutely critical to cover this kind of commodity inflation. So, its just part of the business equation. 
Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company: Whats the timing on some of those price increases 
Arthur B. Winkleblack - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: It will be throughout the year, theres no specific timeframe that varies very much by market depending upon the customer and depending upon the country. 
Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company: Okay. Thats great. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Growe with A. G. Edwards. 
Christopher Growe - A. G. Edwards & Sons, Inc. : Good morning. 
Arthur B. Winkleblack - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: Hi Chris. Good morning. 
Christopher Growe - A. G. Edwards & Sons, Inc. : Hi. Just had a couple of questions for you to follow up here. First one. It looks like in the first quarter trade spending generated essentially all of your pricing. I think you said it was down 160 basis points and prices were 138 plus point benefit in the quarter. Is that Im starting to get Is that correct. 
Arthur B. Winkleblack - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: Its a portion of it Chris, you cant completely directly correlate it, because in some cases were adjusting list prices, so youve got a lot of moving parts there. But it was clearly a significant portion of the pricing that we got. 
Christopher Growe - A. G. Edwards & Sons, Inc. : It was well beyond what you expect for the year. is it, as adjusting your full year offset, but is there is there something like in the back half of the year that could have altered that reduction in trade spending. 
Arthur B. Winkleblack - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President: I think we will sort of reserve the right or the opportunity to go deep if certain competitors choose to go at us from a heavy discount standpoint. So were not going to count out any particular competitive approach that we have. 
Christopher Growe - A. G. Edwards & Sons, Inc. : Understood. And the last question that I have, just on your operation cash flow. We have it at the was below the year ago in the first quarter, and you have it at the lower end of your range, everything else is at the upper end of the range. Its been encouraging, but is there again is that a drag for working capital through the year maybe or what would be the kind of the main items dragging operating cash flow down. 
Arthur B. Winkleblack - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: Yes. I think clearly cash taxes were up, but were looking to make sure that we spend the right amount of capital to support the stronger growth at the top line and I think inventory will run a bit high if we expect that to feather down over the year. But the reality is, where theres much growth as we have, where theres much new product activity as we have. I am waiting for the capacity to come on line in certain cases were going to compensate by a little bit more inventory. So that it will be a main focus for us through the year. But, we expect again to be so that the end, lower end of our range there around the 825 mark. But we got a good strong track record there and we got some work to do. But were up for it. 
Christopher Growe - A. G. Edwards & Sons, Inc. : Okay. Great. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Pablo Zuanic with JP Morgan. 
Pablo Zuanic - J. P. Morgan: Good morning, everyone. 
Arthur B. Winkleblack - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: Hello, Pablo. 
Margaret Nollen - Vice President, Investor Relations: Good morning. 
Pablo Zuanic - J. P. Morgan: A couple of questions, Arthur. First just can you walk us through whats going on in the frozen dinner category. Weve heard from ConAgra, they are launching also new product. Hence, clearly, I understand because you got more promotional from a price standpoint. Just describe the environment in that category. I mean are you seeing a more price competition than normal or less, are you seeing a bigger ramp up on innovation or just more color there both on frozen dinners and frozen potatoes. 
Arthur B. Winkleblack - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: Yes. Were extremely pleased with whats going on in the frozen products. Smart Ones continues to have tremendous growth and theres no hidden secret there. It is just about better quality and executing better. Its good effective marketing and operating and executing on the basics. So, weve got some new products, weve got better quality, better tasting food. They are right down the sweet spot in terms of the healthy and convenient things that we talked about. So, Smart Ones is running well. Boston Market is running extremely well and we had a solid quarter on Ore-Ida. The big news on Ore-Ida there is that well be out of trans fat by year end. Again just like every other category not easy, but, if were doing the right thing, were executing our game, were doing quite well. 
Pablo Zuanic - J. P. Morgan: And just in terms of the space in the frozen aisle. When I look it seems that all the sales are coming from obviously more turnover. But are you garnering more space on the frozen aisle. I dont see that going on or is it happening. 
Edward J. McMenamin - Senior Vice President, Finance: Im probably not the best to ask on that. I dont recall any major gains in terms of footage, but I think what were doing is, is getting better turnover out of the space we have primarily by better products that meet consumer needs. So, its probably more of a story of optimizing the space we have rather than adding spaces as best I know it. 
Pablo Zuanic - J. P. Morgan: Okay. And just a follow-up. Operating margins in Asia-Pacific, I mean, the jump there is quite good compared to that was in previous quarters. Is that type of jump sustainable, I mean, this type of 14% margins we saw this quarter? 
Arthur B. Winkleblack - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: On Asia Pacific? Yes. It was a heck of a quarter, no doubt about it. We saw just great results in India, Australia and a number of other markets. I wouldnt count on that kind of growth going forward, but we feel very good about that segment and things that Chris Warmoth is doing. It is good blocking and track on back to the basics and we expect strong performance going forward. 
Pablo Zuanic - J. P. Morgan: Okay. And one last one. Just on the core infant food, remind us how big is Italy as a percentage of your total global sales of infant feeding? How big is Italy as a percentage? And then when we talk about China, how big is China for you guys right now? And put China in perspective, I mean, are we talking about the Infant feeding in general or is it just cereal, is it a very niche category? What about Dierberg [ph]? What about other competitors in China? Just walk us through the opportunity in China market share wise and category wise? 
Arthur B. Winkleblack - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: Yes, in terms of Italy, we dont tend to breakout countrys specific data very much, but it is clearly our largest baby food business. I would say, probably less than half of the total roughly, but that would give you the sense the magnitude. In China, so far we are leading player in the cereal business. Thats the strength of our business there in that category. We obviously are looking to play on a broader basis and given the magnitude that market, we think there is just some huge opportunities there. And weve got, unlike many of our competitors weve got a very strong distribution platform that goes past baby food into frozen foods and so we feel like weve got the platform, weve got the infrastructure and the critical mass in order to significantly grow that business and with Chris Warmoth and the team over there leading that I feel good about the prospects. 
Pablo Zuanic - J. P. Morgan: Right. Thank you. 
Arthur B. Winkleblack - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: And the other thing to keep in mind is that our biggest competitor in many of these markets is still homemade, and so its less of a share grab and more of how do you grow the category and how do you convince mom that she should be saving some effort and going with prepared foods. 
Margaret R. Nollen - Vice President, Investor Relations: All right. We are running out of time, one more please. 
Operator: Your final question comes from Ed Roesch with Banc of America Securities. 
Edgar Roesch - Banc of America Securities: Hi, good Morning. 
Arthur B. Winkleblack - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: Hi, Ed. 
Edgar Roesch - Banc of America Securities: A lot of my questions they covered here. Just wanted to ask you, Arth, about the productivity initiatives you have, I mean you are closing these plants plant and you are well on track for your fiscal 08 targets. But it seems like you are going to have some pretty good carryover from some of these initiatives into fiscal 09, having savings on that carryover in the next fiscal year. So, if you could comment on that and then also maybe on how you are thinking beyond fiscal 08? How on an ongoing basis each year? You want to have productivity play into your long-term targets. 
Arthur B. Winkleblack - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: Yes. Well, obviously we are Edward having to run fast on the productivity side, given the commodity inflation and usually you would like to see productivity off setting commodity inflation. Unfortunately in this environment thats just frankly not possible. I think thats true of not only us, but our competitors as well. So pricing and productivity need to go hand in hand. I feel good about the various initiatives that are underway. We have got this supply chain task force under the leadership of Scott OHara working. And we are doing a lot of diagnostics there to understand our biggest opportunities and where to focus our time and attention. and I think the outcome of that will pay significant dividends in 09 and beyond. Having said that we dont expect the commodity headwinds to stop any time soon. So we have got to keep doing that in order to foot the numbers and the algorithm going forward. 
Edgar Roesch - Banc of America Securities: And some of the actions that you are taking on plant closing and you should see some spillover in the next year where those savings will be incremental, I would suspect that? 
Arthur B. Winkleblack - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: Yes. I mean we are seeing savings from those in some cases are not large plants. So, its not real large, but the other key benefit and its hard to quantify is just the simplicity that it adds by reducing the supply chain footprint. We have less things that people need to keep track of, less distractions and we can focus on big plants in the big distribution lines, just try to optimize those. So, fish, where the fish are. 
Edgar Roesch - Banc of America Securities: Makes sense. Thanks very much. 
Arthur B. Winkleblack - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: Thanks Ed. 
Margaret R. Nollen - Vice President, Investor Relations: Okay. Just before we close, I do want to give you a head ups and an opportunity to mark your calendars. Arth will be presenting at the upcoming Lehman Brother Back-To-School Conference in Boston on Thursday September 5. We got a 2:15 slot thats Eastern. Of course and then Bill will be presenting at B/A conference in San Francisco on Wednesday September 19 at 8:30 AM and thats Pacific West Coast Time. So, hopefully, we will see you there or you can dial in. We will be available for questions today in Investor Relations otherwise have a great day and a great weekend. 
Operator: Thank you for participating in todays H. J. Heinz Company conference call. This call will be available for reply beginning on 11:30 AM Eastern Standard Time today through August 31, 2007 at 11:59 PM Eastern Standard Time. The conference ID number for the reply is 7166147. Again the conference ID number 7166147. The number to dial for the reply is 800-642-1687 or 706-6459-291 internationally. This concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.
