===== 2025 Q1  (2025-03-25 08:00:00) =====
Faten Freiha: Good morning. This is Faten Freiha, VP of Investor Relations. Thank you for joining today's first quarter earnings call. To accompany this call, we've posted a set of slides on our IR website, ir.mccormick.com. With me this morning are Brendan Foley, Chairman, President and CEO; and Marcos Gabriel, Executive Vice President and CFO. During this call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. The nature of those non-GAAP financial measures and the related reconciliations to the GAAP results are included in this morning's press release and slides. In our comments, certain percentages are rounded. Please refer to our presentation for complete information. Today's presentation contains projections and other forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from those projected. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether because of new information, future events or other factors. Please refer to our forward-looking statements on Slide 2 for more information. I'll now turn the discussion over to Brendan.
Brendan Foley: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. We are pleased to start the year with solid first quarter results that are in line with our expectations. Our performance continues to demonstrate the success of our prioritized investments in the areas that we believe will continue to drive the most value and sustain our momentum for the remainder of 2025 and beyond. McCormick remains a growth-oriented company with robust plans that leverage the demand for flavor and the strength of our brands. Our strategies have proven to be effective by driving growth and compounding that growth over the years. With our strategies and best-in-class leadership, we are well positioned to continue on our trajectory and deliver on our near-term and long-term objectives with industry-leading performance. This morning, I will begin my remarks with an overview of our first quarter results, focusing mostly on top line drivers. Next, I will review how McCormick is positioned relative to an evolving consumer landscape. Then, I will highlight some areas of success and the areas we continue to work on as well as our growth plans. Marcos will then go into more depth on the first quarter results and review our 2025 outlook. And finally, before your questions, I will have some closing comments. Turning now to our results on Slide 4. In the first quarter, total organic sales increased by 2%, primarily driven by volume and product mix growth, and partially offset by pricing in line with our expectations. In Global Consumer, organic sales growth was volume-led, demonstrating continued momentum across key markets. We delivered robust volume growth in all 3 regions. This sustained growth is supported by investments across our core categories, including innovative brand marketing, accelerated innovation aligned with consumer trends, expanded distribution and robust category management initiatives. As expected, volume growth was partially offset by price. In the Americas, price declined due to price gap management plans that were implemented in the second quarter of 2024, and a targeted incremental promotion related to seasonal recipe mixes. In EMEA, we took selective pricing actions to cover rising commodity costs and still maintained volume momentum. For the year to go, we expect price in our Global Consumer segment to be flat. Now to the Global Flavor Solutions segment, where organic sales growth was also volume led. We delivered sequential volume improvement relative to the fourth quarter and are pleased with our results. Volume growth was driven by continued execution of our strategic priorities in Flavors amid a challenging customer environment. Faster growing customers partially offset larger CPG customer softness. In addition, QSR customer performance improved in Asia Pacific and the Americas, led by innovation. Furthermore, across Asia Pacific, including China, we delivered strong volume growth as we partnered with QSR customers on new products and limited time offers. Consistent with prior years, we expect Flavor Solutions volume growth to fluctuate quarterly due to timing of customer activities. However, on a full year basis, we continue to expect to deliver positive volume growth. From a profitability perspective, we delivered results in line with our expectations, as the first quarter was impacted by increased investments in marketing and technology as well as the timing of stock-based compensation expense that shifted relative to the prior year. As we look to the year-ago period, we remain confident in our operating income and earnings growth outlook on a constant currency basis. Moving down to the macro environment, including the current state of the consumer. There is increasing consumer uncertainty and concern over returning to more inflation, and this has impacted consumer sentiment, particularly in the last month. This prolongs the consumer context of 2024, where consumers, especially lower income consumers, are more cautious, exhibiting more value-seeking behavior and tightening their budgets. As many are worried about the future, job security and rising costs, we are seeing this not just in the U.S. but across our key markets. At the same time, we are all witnessing shifts in consumer preferences. They are becoming more health conscious, and this trend has continued to gain momentum. They are cooking at home more often and increasingly shopping the perimeter for protein and produce. As we look at growth in edible categories, unit growth is primarily driven by these perimeter categories. Healthier and better-for-you trends as well as the desire to stretch budgets are fueling a continued interest in cooking from scratch, reinforcing the demand for Flavor and for McCormick's categories. Spices and Seasonings remain the top growing center store category. As a result, consumption trends in our business remain strong. Ultimately, we expect the Global Consumer segment to continue to benefit from these secular trends, and we have the plans and advantaged portfolio to capitalize on them. And in our Flavor Solutions segment, we continue to partner with customers to launch new products or reformulate existing ones to fit healthier lifestyles. Furthermore, our exposure to faster-growing customers allows us to win in several high-growth categories, many of which are benefiting from the trends towards healthier eating. In the context of this environment, McCormick's trends remained strong. Our volume-driven first quarter results and continued strength in consumption trends demonstrate our ability to continue to successfully meet our objectives for the year. We continue to monitor consumer trends. Our focus remains on meeting consumers and customers where they are, delivering value, expanding our presence in growing channels, including mass, club and e-commerce, and aligning them with Flavor as well as helping customers innovate to meet consumers' changing dietary needs. We believe we have the right plans in place, and we remain well positioned to capitalize on secular trends and continue to drive differentiated long-term growth across both of our segments. Let's move to Slide 5, and let me highlight for the quarter, some of the key areas of success. Across our Global Consumer segment, we successfully executed on our plans with increased investment and competitive focus towards driving growth. We improved unit and volume share gains across our core categories in key markets. In the U.S., the vast majority of our categories are growing unit share. Let me provide some color on the categories globally. Starting with Spices and Seasonings. In Americas, EMEA and Asia Pacific, including China, we delivered strong volume growth. In the U.S., we drove unit and volume share growth, outpacing private label for the third consecutive quarter. In addition, we drove market share in Canada and China. In recipe mixes, we continue to strengthen consumption trends in the Americas and drove unit and volume share gains in the first quarter. In the U.S., McCormick gravy and chili recipe mixes were a significant growth driver as they deliver on the value and convenience consumers are seeking. In addition, we are outpacing the total category in total new buyers as well as dollars per buyer. In Canada, we drove dollar unit and volume share gains. In mustard, we made great progress globally over the last 4 quarters and are pleased to see that our plans are driving great results. In the first quarter, we drove dollar, unit and volume share gains in the Americas. In Poland, one of the top mustard consuming countries, our mustard consumption continues to grow, and we are also realizing dollar share gains. In addition, we are gaining dollar share in the U.K. In hot sauce, our plans continue to yield great results. In the U.S., we drove positive unit share gains reflecting significant progress. Distribution gains as well as investments in differentiated brand marketing, including a strong Super Bowl activation, and innovation, continue to fuel our performance. Outside of the U.S., we are gaining market share in France, the U.K. and Australia. Additionally, we continue to make progress on total distribution points. In the Americas, we significantly expanded TDPs across Spices and Seasonings, recipe mixes and hot sauce in the Americas. In EMEA, we are seeing broad-based distribution gains in Spices and Seasonings and hot sauce. We are also gaining distribution in high-growth channels like discounters and e-commerce. In Asia Pacific, our business in China is recovering gradually relative to the prior year, as expected. We delivered strong performance amid a continually challenged environment. Growth in our categories, including spices and seasonings and condiments outpaced the market, which included the Chinese New Year holiday. Moving to Flavor Solutions. We saw strength in our technically insulated high-margin product category, Flavors. In Flavors, in the Americas, we remain focused on being the partner of choice across our 4 taste competencies: savory, heat, naturally sweet and citrus and fruit. As a result of this continued focus, we are winning new customers and gaining share. We outperformed the industry across many end categories, including alcoholic and nonalcoholic beverages as well as snacking bars. Partially offsetting this is the softness we continue to see in larger CPG customer volumes. QSR trends improved in the Americas and in Asia Pacific. In the Americas, we are continuing to drive innovation with our customers, driving volume growth amid soft foot traffic. In China and Australia, our customers new products and promotions are driving strong volume growth. In Southeast Asia, volume growth benefited from our customers lapping the impact of geopolitical boycotts in the prior year. Let me now touch on some areas where we are seeing some pressure. The areas of pressure are primarily in our Flavor Solutions business. In the Americas and in EMEA, some of our CPG customers continue to experience softness in volumes within their own businesses. We continue to work on offsetting these trends through innovation and collaboration with customers and by winning new customers. The foodservice environment remains challenged. While our food away-from-home performance continues to outpace the industry, we are seeing flat performance in branded foodservice in the Americas, as well as some of our customers are seeing softness in their volumes due to a slowdown in foot traffic. QSR traffic remained soft in EMEA. We have seen this pressure impact our results for several quarters. It's difficult to predict QSR traffic. However, we are collaborating with our customers as they focus on improving their volumes through innovation and value and align with consumer trends. As outlined on Slide 6, our growth plans remain consistent to drive growth through category management, brand marketing, new products, our proprietary technologies and our differentiated customer engagement. Our growth levers are supported and enhanced through data and analytics as we continue to accelerate our digital transformation. Our base business is strengthening across major markets and core categories. And we have a number of initiatives in flight that will continue to drive this performance and differentiation. Let me focus on brand marketing as our plans across all categories are supported by our global brand marketing initiatives. We are prioritizing investments to connect with consumers and fuel growth. Our differentiated brand marketing is driven by a combination of factors, In addition to maintaining a high share of voice, we are committed to having the best content in our categories, content that inspires and educates consumers and reaches them at the right points on their path to purchase and on their flavor or diet journey. From flavor exploration to menu planning, to shopping and cooking and even to eating and sharing the experience online. In the first quarter, brand marketing spend increased against the high spend in the prior year as expected. This increase was broad-based and a key driver in supporting volume growth for this quarter as well as for maintaining our volume momentum for 2025. Through our efforts across multiple channels and by leveraging our digital capabilities, we are driving further household penetration and increasing buy rates across our core categories. Our holiday campaigns across our regions proved successful. Our marketing campaigns in the Americas highlight our everyday value, innovation and point of difference to consumers, and are supporting our volume growth and driving share gains. Our Frank's Super Bowl activation campaign with Paris Hilton was very successful. We gained new buyers, and media and consumer sentiment was incredibly positive. To wrap up our growth plans, although we are navigating in a difficult environment, we remain confident in the long-term health of our business and in our fundamentals, and in delivering our 2025 financial outlook on both near-term and long-term objectives. We remain focused on investing behind our growth levers to continue to drive differentiated performance. Now over to Marcos.
Marcos Gabriel: Thank you, Brendan, and good morning, everyone. Starting on Slide 8. Our total organic payers grew 2% for the quarter. This increase was volume led, with more than 2% volume and product mix growth, partially offset by pricing. Moving to our Consumer segment on Slide 9. Organic sales increased 1% as volume growth of 3% was partially offset by a 2% impact of pricing investments. Consumer organic sales in Americas was flat, 3% volume growth was offset by price investments. Volume growth was strong across our core categories and was driven by our investments in brand marketing, innovation and category management. In terms of pricing, the decline primarily reflects the price gap management investments that were mostly in place in the second quarter of 2024, as well as incremental and targeted promotional activities. In EMEA, we grew consumer organic sales 4%, driven by a 2% increase in volume and 2% increase in price. The volume growth was broad-based across product categories in our major markets. We're pleased with the strong sustained volume growth in EMEA. As Brendan mentioned, we took selected pricing actions in EMEA to offset commodity costs. Consumer organic sales in the Asia Pacific region increased 3% driven by a 2% increase in volume and 1% contribution from price. This growth reflects the gradual recovery we expected in China. We're pleased with our performance and expect these trends to continue through 2025. Turning to our Flavor Solutions segment on Slide 10. First quarter organic sales increased 3%, driven by volume growth of 2% and a 1% contribution from price. In the Americas, Flavor Solutions organic sales increased 4%, reflecting 3% price contribution and 1% volume growth. Our results reflect a strong performance with faster growing flavor customers and improved QSR growth, which were partially offset by soft CPG customer volumes. The price contribution is primarily related to currency in Latin America. In EMEA, organic sales decreased by 4%, including a 2% decline from price and a 2% impact of lower volume and product mix, reflecting the impact of soft CPG and QSR customer volumes. In the Asia Pacific region, Flavor Solutions organic sales increased 15%, with volume growth of 16%, driven by QSR customer promotions, limited time offers as well as new products, partially offset by pricing. Moving to Slide 11. As expected, gross profit margin expanded by 20 basis points in the first quarter versus the year ago period, driven primarily by the benefits from our Comprehensive Continuous Improvement program, or CCI. Selling, general and administrative expenses, or SG&A, increased relative to the first quarter of last year, driven primarily by a shift in timing of our stock-based compensation expense from the second quarter into the first quarter, as well as increased investments in technology and brand marketing as expected. For the quarter, adjusted operating income declined by 5%. Excluding impact of currency, adjusted operating income decreased by 3%. This decline was driven by the increased SG&A expenses I just mentioned. Our first quarter adjusted effective tax rate was 22%, compared to 26% in the year ago period. Our tax rate this past quarter benefited from discrete tax items. Our income from unconsolidated operations in the first quarter declined 18% primarily due to the strengthening of the U.S. dollar against the Mexican peso. Turning to our segment operational results on Slide 12. Adjusted operating income in the Consumer segment decreased 17% or 16% in constant currency. The decrease was primarily due to pricing and increased SG&A costs, including brand marketing and technology investments, partially offset by cost savings generated by our CCI program. Looking ahead, we expect Consumer adjusted operating income margin expansion to normalize in the year-to-go period. In Flavor Solutions, adjusted operating income increased 28% or 33% in constant currency, driven by product mix, pricing and CCI like cost savings, partially offset by increased SG&A costs. We continue to make progress in expanding our operating margins in line with our objectives. The bottom line, as shown on Slide 13, first quarter 2025 adjusted earnings per share was $0.60 as compared to $0.63 for the year ago period. This decrease was primarily due to the SG&A increase I mentioned earlier, as well as the increasing impact of currency on our operating profit and unconsolidated results, partially offset by a more favorable tax rate. The impact of currency on adjusted earnings per share is about $0.03 per share. On Slide 14, we summarize highlights for cash flow and balance sheet. Our cash flow from operations for the first quarter of 2025 was $116 million compared to $138 million in 2024. The decrease was driven primarily by higher cash used for working capital, partially offset by lower incentive compensation. We returned $121 million of cash to shareholders through dividends and used $37 million for capital expenditures. Note that the timing of capital expenditures would fluctuate on a quarterly basis, depending on the phasing of initiatives equaling projects to increase capacity and capabilities to meet growing demand, advance our digital transformation and optimize our cost structure. Our priority remains to have a balanced use of cash. This means funding investments to drive growth, returning a significant portion of cash to shareholders through dividends and maintaining a strong balance sheet. We remain committed to a strong investment-grade rating and expect to continue to deliver strong cash flow in 2025 driven by profit and working capital initiatives. Now turning to our 2025 financial outlook on Slide 15. We are maintaining our guidance for the year. Our outlook continues to reflect our prioritized investments in key categories to strengthen volume trends and drive long-term profitable growth, while appreciating the current level of uncertainty in the consumer and macro environment. First, let me address tariffs. As you know, the situation remains fluid. At this time, we plan to offset costs related to U.S. import tariffs on China with our CCI savings and some very targeted price adjustments. Our focus remains on safeguarding the health and competitiveness of our brands, sustaining the growth moment in our business and maintaining transparency with our customers. We don't believe our current planned actions will be material to the total business or will have a significant impact on our volume mix outlook for the year. That said, due to continued uncertainty on this topic, our outlook does not include any additional impacts from tariffs that could potentially be implemented this year. As things evolve, we will provide updates on our outlook within our typical reporting cadence. Turning now to the details of our outlook. Currency rates are still expected to have a 1 point negative impact on both net sales and adjusted operating income and 2 points on adjusted earnings per share. At the top line, we continue to expect organic net sales growth to range between 1% and 3%, and for growth to be volume led. In the year-to-go, we expect to deliver total volume growth across both segments, and for total pricing to be flat to slightly positive, primarily driven by Flavor Solutions. For China, our outlook assumes a gradual recovery, and we expect China consumer sales to improve slightly year-over-year. We saw this come through this past quarter, and we expect it to continue for the rest of the year. Our 2025 gross margin is still projected to range between 50 to 100 basis points higher than 2024. This gross margin expansion reflects favorable impacts from product mix and cost savings from our CCI program, partially offset by the anticipated impact of a low single-digit increase in cost inflation. Consistent with historical trends, we expect our gross margin expansion to build throughout the year. In addition to our gross margin expansion, we expect SG&A benefits from cost savings to be partially offset by investments in technology as well as brand marketing to drive volume growth. For the year, we expect our brand marketing spend to increase in the high single digits, reflecting a double-digit increase, partially offset by anticipated CCI savings. As a result, our adjusted operating income is expected to grow 4% to 6% in constant currency. Similar to our gross margin trends, we expect growth in our operating income to build throughout the year. This remains a balanced outlook that gives us the flexibility to continue to invest in the business, while expanding margins in line with our 2028 objectives. In terms of tax, we expect our tax rate to be approximately 22% for the year compared to 20.5% in 2024, where we benefited from a number of discrete tax items that are not expected to repeat in 2025. We expect our income from unconsolidated operations to decline in the mid-teens range in 2025, reflecting the strengthening of the U.S. dollar against the Mexican peso, which is impacting the results of our largest joint venture, McCormick de Mexico. To summarize, our 2025 adjusted earnings per share projection of $3.03 to $3.08 on a reported dollar basis reflects current steel headwinds and the impact of increased tax rate relative to the prior year. On a constant currency basis, our adjusted EPS is still expected to grow between 5% and 7%. To wrap up, our continued volume growth underscores that our plans are yielding results and sustaining this differentiated performance. Looking ahead, our cost savings programs will continue to fuel our investments and drive margin expansion. And we remain confident in the underlying fundamentals of our business and in delivering on our 2025 financial outlook, near-term and long-term objectives.
Brendan Foley: Thank you, Marcos. Before moving to Q&A, I would like to close with our key takeaways on Slide 16. While the environment has gotten more challenging and consumer sentiment has been impacted, we have managed through these environments in the past and we expect to navigate through this successfully as we continue to refine and align our plans. The long-term trends that fuel our categories, consumer interest in healthy, flavorful cooking, key flavor exploration and trusted brands, continue to be strong. And importantly, consumer interest in cooking is growing. We continue to execute on our strategic road map with speed and agility and in alignment with consumer trends, further capitalizing on our attractive categories across segments and driving category leadership, our results demonstrate that we are investing in the areas that drive the most value, and we expect to maintain this momentum. We also expect to continue to expand margins and manage our costs as we are investing in the business. These improvements are led by our favorable product mix and cost savings programs. Our performance historically and over the last few quarters, coupled with our growth plans, give us confidence in achieving our near- and long-term objectives. Ultimately, we believe the execution of our growth plans will be a win for consumers, customers, our categories and McCormick, which will continue to differentiate and strengthen our leadership. Finally, I want to recognize all McCormick employees for their dedication and contributions and reiterate my confidence that, together, we will continue to drive differentiated results and shareholder value. Now for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will be coming from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays.
Andrew Lazar: I think on last quarter's call, you had guided to operating profit in fiscal 1Q to be sort of flat to slightly down. And as you mentioned, operating profit fell about 5% in the quarter. The decline was heavily weighted, obviously, to the Consumer segment. I think you mentioned pricing, stock-based comp and brand investments. I think a lot of which were anticipated previously. So I'm just trying to get a better sense for what drove maybe the stronger-than-forecast operating profit decline, particularly in consumer. Was there a timing shift relative to initial expectations or sort of what drove that? And then more importantly, I guess, what now gives you the confidence in sort of reaffirming the full year?
Brendan Foley: Okay. Andrew, let me kick it off, and I'll have Marcos handle maybe more directly the question on operating profit. At a high level, Q1 was roughly in line with what our expectations were. And in fact, we had planned for Q1 to be sort of a different quarter than what the rest of the year will look like. And I think you kind of see that play out in a lot of our prepared comments. But there are timing elements that were called out before, like you mentioned, that will certainly impact that. But we do remain confident in the year to go period, and it's really supported by strong sales performance. Marcos, do you want to...
Marcos Gabriel: Yes, sure. So Andrew, on the operating profit, I mean, you mentioned minus 5% decline in Q1. Adjusted for currency, it was minus 3%. So on a constant currency basis, 3%. A couple of timing-related items, as we mentioned on the call. One is the shift of the stock-based compensation from Q2 into Q1. And I feel normalized for that, and ROP would be essentially flat for Q1. Also, we had some timing in terms of brand marketing and technology investments hitting in Q1. We're going to continue to have some of those investments in the future quarters of the year, but a little bit of timing between Q1 and Q2 there as well. In the Consumer space, specifically, we had to lap the price gap management investments that we put in place in 2024. So that was a headwind that's going to go away. If you think about it on the Consumer operating profit, a decline of 16%. I mean 2/3 of it will roll away in the next quarter, which is the pricing and the stock comp shift. And FX was a bigger headwind. I mean we're trying to focus on the things that we can control. It was a bigger headwind. Now we're seeing FX moderating a little bit going forward. So that's where we're keeping the guidance as it is. And then in terms of the guidance question, yes, we do have a lot of confidence in the guidance that we've put out there. I mean top line is coming as we expected. We will continue to see growth in both segments, Consumer and Flavor Solutions, for the full year. In the Consumer, you're going to see growth all quarters and across all regions for the balance of the year. I'm pleased with the Flavor Solutions performance this quarter, driving not only top line but also profitability. And as you saw, profitability was up 240 basis points on the back of CCI, product mix and as well as the top line that drives leverage through the P&L. So happy there as well. Gross margin will build throughout the year, as I said on the call, 50 to 100 points on a full year basis on the back of the CCI program. We want to invest back in the business, as we said before, in terms of SG&A, particularly brand marketing. And we feel confident about expanding margins for the full year between 4% and 6% operating profit growth for the full year, primarily driven by the Flavor Solutions segment.
Operator: Next questions are from the line of Peter Galbo with Bank of America.
Peter Galbo: Two questions on the Americas Consumer business. And Brendan, I'll toss the first one to you. I think you mentioned that the price gap management -- the incremental price gap management in the first quarter was maybe seasonal or tied to a seasonal business. And the expectation is that the consumer price will be flat going forward. I'm just wondering if, on an underlying basis, within Americas, if that pricing still has an opportunity to be negative given some incremental investments? And maybe that's you saw good returns on the promo around the holidays and so you'll look at that as we get into grilling season, and then you're offsetting that possibly with EMEA. But I just want to understand kind of the pieces underneath the flat price for Consumer comment at a total company level relative maybe to the geography.
Brendan Foley: Okay. So thanks, Peter. First of all, let me just kick off with, overall, we had very really strong sales performance throughout the company in both segments. Specifically thinking about Consumer, that's where most of your question focused on, we delivered really strong volume growth across the business. I mean across all regions, up 2.6%. So we really think that, that was indicative of the type of strength we have been communicating on in the prior quarters. There was a price element, obviously, as you called out, specifically in Americas in Q1. And a lot of that had to do with -- we did target an incremental promotion on a recipe mix business. I'm not sure if everyone felt the cold weather that most of the country felt, but that's really good for chili volume and gravy. And so we saw an opportunity -- really a great opportunity to just continue to drive that business even harder during the first quarter because it's a great time of the year for those specific products. And we really see it actually in a lot of our volume and share performance in that segment of our business. So that's what really drove a lot of it. It was sort of one of those -- we reserve the flexibility to be able to spend across the business where we feel like we need to, and that might have been sort of the one element that was, if you could say, incremental to what the price gap management plans and programs one would have expected. As we look to the rest of the year, we don't really see price having much contributions in terms of it being super positive or super negative across the portfolio globally. But I would say that's definitely going to be the case in the Americas. We're going to be maintaining the price investments in the prior year. There is a little bit of pricing that's going to come through in EMEA to deal with some commodity pressures that they're feeling. So you will see a little bit of that, but they will be growing volume. And so that's kind of one perspective, I think, on how to think about the first quarter and then what to expect for the rest of the year. Volume growth in the Americas is really the fundamental driver. I think you saw that strength in our consumption. You're also seeing it in the actual sales results. There might have been a little bit of a gap from a standpoint of our consumption in our sales, but that's really typical dynamics for us in the first quarter as we would typically see that after obviously a very strong holiday period that we had. So I'll stop there to see if I've addressed your question, but happy to take on more.
Peter Galbo: No, Brendan, I think that's very helpful context. And maybe just as a follow-up, I think we've gotten a few questions this morning just around, again, in Americas Consumer kind of shipment versus consumption. And just whether there were any dynamics you saw from a carryover perspective on inventories out of Thanksgiving? Or any timing shift related to Easter just that you're thinking about, again, as we contemplate -- consumption?
Brendan Foley: Sure. Yes, let me go -- let me add some more context on shipments to consumption. We have very few concerns about our shipment versus consumption profile. Just to give you some more context. First of all, we had a really great holiday program, resulting in really strong consumption, not only in Q4 but also in Q1. So we have a really strong consumption profile kind of underpinning really our sales growth over the past 2 quarters. Consumption and the outpacing in Q1 of sales is a typical dynamic that we see on inventory patterns across our business over the last decade or so. I mean that's just something that we typically expect. There's probably 2 other variables, though, that I think one could say is a little bit incremental or new in this quarter. And the first one is we're not really seeing any early Easter shipments like we did last year because Easter is falling later in April. And so it's just there isn't really anything happening in Q1 with regard to Easter, like it might have the year before. And then we do have a strong innovation plan for the year. We got an early kickoff on that this year, which means a little bit more slotting spend. Whatever increases we had in slotting comes into the first quarter because it matches with the shipments of the item. So that's one indication that obviously, we're off to a good start on innovation. But some of that spend comes into the first quarter, and that was a little bit heavier than it was the prior year. But I don't look at those 2 things as structural problems. Those are just cycles that we go through. It's really quite normal. And I think it looks -- the profile is what we would expect. If you combine Q4 and Q1 together into one number, it's exactly where we want to be.
Operator: Our next questions are from the line of Alexia Howard with Bernstein.
Alexia Howard: So can I focus on the growth of sales in Flavor Solutions. I'm wondering if you could quantify or at least comment on how much new high -- these new high-growth customers are adding to your sales or your volumes in that segment? And then by contrast, how much does the QSRs benefited also in there? And then offsetting that, you had the CPG customer weakness, how big was that compared to some of the other dynamics? And then I have a follow-up.
Brendan Foley: Thanks for the question, Alexia. We did have a good quarter on Flavor Solutions overall. In fact, I would say, in 2 out of our 3 regions, we have volume growth, mostly in the Americas and Asia Pacific. Just to give you a little bit more context and detail, I'm not going to be able to sort of quantify each individual segment within or kind of categorize each volume and give it a framing on numbers. So I'll give you some context in terms of what we saw in the quarter. We did very well with those high-growth sort of innovator customers that are a lot of emerging segments, many of them attached to health and wellness. And so we continue to see strong growth from them. We also continue to acquire new customers there. So it's not only volume, but it's also gaining share that's helping us there. And it allows us to diversify our sales mix and our portfolio. But we also saw strength in the QSR business even if there is weak traffic in the industry. And what was driving that is we had some innovation wins executed in the quarter. We also won some new customers there, too. So in the Americas region, it was the QSR customer base and the sort of small, high-innovator customers that we have in Flavor that we're really driving and offsetting any of the weakness that we saw with larger CPGs. In Asia Pacific, it was a lot of QSR performance that drove the business. Increased customer promotions and limited time offers certainly contributed to some strong numbers. But also we were lapping the geopolitical boycotts from a year ago. So that also improved volume performance in Asia Pacific. EMEA, on the other hand, definitely saw continued weakness, although we see sequential improvement quarter-to-quarter, it still is soft in terms of traffic with QSRs. And so that one -- that region was down. But underlying all of this, there is a softness with larger CPG companies, I would say, not just within the Americas, but also we're seeing that in Europe, too. And that's consistent with what you're hearing, I think, from other company reports. And so we're seeing a little bit of that in our performance. I would say, though, when we look at a category to category, we tend to still outperform what's going on in the broader market, but nonetheless, the volumes are weaker.
Alexia Howard: Great. And as a quick follow-up. It's probably too early to say anything, but RFK Jr. seems to be pursuing an agenda of driving out artificial additives across packaged food and probably in the restaurant sector as well. As I said, it's probably too early to tell because he's just turned off on the scene, but are you seeing any uptick in reformulation efforts on the part of your CPG or restaurant customers in the U.S.?
Brendan Foley: Yes. With regard to colors, just let me first provide some context on the McCormick portfolio, our consumer portfolio. We don't really have a lot of usage of color in our products, as you might expect, at least very, very few overall. Now with respect to formulations, we are seeing more activity on that, definitely. Now reformulation activity has always been a part of the work that we do with our customer base, and we've been doing that for quite some time. But we are seeing a tick-up in reformulation activity, and that would align with what you're seeing and being written out in the news media regarding what we're hearing from the new administration. But it isn't just colors, it's also sodium. We've always been working on sodium. It's also about just working on trends that are certainly positive, like hydration, functional foods, high protein. We're seeing reformulation activity across our customer base, but also a lot of new product activity, too.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Ken Goldman with JPMorgan.
Kenneth Goldman: Understanding the situation changes daily or sometimes hourly, what should investors be looking for in terms of key tariff risks ahead, as well as, I guess, related headwinds and actions that the company will take in response? And I know these are myriad in nature, but anything you're really keeping an eye on that we should also be following, I think, would be helpful.
Brendan Foley: Well, just in case it might have been missed. There are known tariffs already that we have accounted for in our forecast and our guidance for the year. Those are specifically the ones that were levied on China. So those are already factored into our thinking right now, overall, Ken. As it relates to anything moving forward, it is difficult to sort of project on what will be the areas that we have to focus on, because we're not exactly sure how exactly these might come through. So we're still -- like you just said, we're staying very close to what the latest news and the latest potential plans might be. We're thinking through a number of scenarios there in terms of how that might get applied. There's obviously a lot of variability on how one might think through these tariffs just based on what might be recent reports, but we're staying close to what everyone else is learning, too. I think from a broader standpoint, I would just say these are situations that we dealt with in the past, and we expect to be able to deal with them successfully moving forward, too, depending on where the tariff might be in terms of country or on type of sort of raw ingredient or finished good. I mean this is quite varied, I would say. And as you might expect, complex. But we're prepared to work through that when we know exactly what will happen.
Kenneth Goldman: Okay. And then a quick follow-up. I recognize that given quarterly guidance isn't always your practice. But just in light of some of the moving pieces in the first half and some of the conversation about pricing and SBC shifts, how would you like us to sort of think about directionally EBIT and EPS in 2Q either relative to 1Q or versus a year ago? Just I think any help you can get in -- or we can get in or sort of narrowing that would be useful.
Brendan Foley: Yes. Ken, I'm going to maybe kick it off and then ask Marcos to add more context to this. But kind of back to my opening remarks, we always saw Q1 as being a very different quarter than the rest of the year. And so I think that would be the picture that we continue to paint. We felt like we've made that kind of clear when we closed the fiscal year in '24. But Marcos, do you want to add to Ken's question?
Marcos Gabriel: Yes, Ken. So it's difficult to give quarterly guidance, as you can imagine, especially in this dynamic environment that we are in these days. You should see a continued momentum in terms of -- our top line growth will continue, as I mentioned, between Q3, Q2 and Q4. The margin, gross margin will build progressively. You'll see the bulk of our profitability comes in the second half of the year, which is -- second half is bigger than our first half. So you should see more of the gross margin impacting the second on a positive way, impacting the second half versus the first half. And that will flow through the P&L to operating profit as well. We continue to invest in SG&A every quarter, and that is proving to be positive in terms of the volume that we're getting out of those investments that we're making. And then profitability will continue to build as well in line with the gross margin build. So you should see some of the flip and timing-related items that impacted in Q1 as a tailwind into Q2, but then continue to build gross margin and operating margin through the balance of the year.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Robert Moskow with TD Cowen.
Robert Moskow: Brendan, I wanted to follow-up to Andrew's question at the top of the call. You described the results as roughly in line with your expectations, and I'm just trying to drill down a little bit more into the organic growth for Consumer versus organic growth for Flavor Solutions. Just based on tone heading into the results, I would have thought that Flavor Solutions would be a little weaker, Consumer would be stronger given everything you said about the shift to scratch cooking the desire for more fresher foods and the flavors that are used to prepare them. And so this is kind of the reverse in first quarter. And I want to know if that was also in line with your expectations or not. And then more specifically on the chili promotion, is that a profitable promotion? It obviously drove a lot of volume. You said it was incremental. Did it grow profits?
Brendan Foley: Sure. Thank you, Rob. Let me go to the top of your question in terms of expectations overall. I do think that Flavor Solutions is a little bit stronger than what we would have expected. I think it really came through more in the QSR volume performance overall. So I think that was one part of your question. But then from a Consumer standpoint, boy, I'm looking at volume and it was really quite good. I mean the Americas was up, I think, 2.9%. We talked about the shift to consumption, obviously, as being a dynamic there that we typically expect. But overall, we felt like -- and as you see the consumption, we think it was quite strong overall. So -- and in fact, a nice continuation from what we saw in Q4. Now the holiday season obviously has a lot more demand going on in it, but we see a continuation of the strength that we have. China, I would say we were looking for a gradual improvement, and we are pleased with the performance of China in the first quarter. As we look at our performance versus the Chinese New Year in the market, we believe that we slightly outperformed there. So that was -- we planned on growth. We called it slight growth, I would say, that 3% that we saw was pretty good in terms of the challenge in the marketplace that is and where consumer sentiment is at that point in time. So just to give you context on the consumer side, I would say quite pleased with the performance of volume in the Americas and as well as in China. EMEA also performed well, too. Now we see a little bit more pricing coming through in EMEA as a result of some commodity pressure that they're feeling, but we're still growing volume in the context of having a little bit more pricing. And so that's the profile there. Now with respect to the incremental promotional recipe mix, when we look at price overall, revenue management, price gap management, all of those things, we certainly take a very hard look at whether or not they're smart from a profit perspective. So I can tell you that our team, when they execute these programs, they're doing because they know that they're strategically good for the business, they build loyalty and they're also financially smart. And so we're pretty pleased with the performance, I think, overall in the first quarter. And just to kind of help bridge if there's any slight disappointment in the Consumer number, I would just say, we felt like that number was pretty strong. I want to make sure I got all the point of your question. Okay. Great.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Max Gumport with BNP Paribas.
Max Andrew Gumport: Recently, packaged food players, particularly those with exposure to snacking, some of whom are your key customers in Flavor Solutions have been observing prolonged softness and attributing it to the consumer feeling financial pressure. It sounds like you've acknowledged some of those pressures, but you also seem to be attributing much more of this to changing consumer preferences as well, which is supporting your -- some of your key categories in the Consumer segment. I was hoping you could provide a bit more color on these changing consumer preferences that you're seeing. And also how you would think about parsing out the weakness that we're seeing in snacking between the consumer feeling financial pressure versus the consumer changing their preferences for eating.
Brendan Foley: Well, thank you for the question, Max. As it relates to sort of snacking trends and are the drivers related more towards affordability or are the drivers related to health and wellness trends, like a lot of things in life, it's a lot of both things, I think probably. It's hard to parse that out. Let me tell you what I think we're seeing is in terms of snacking trends, there is a little bit more softness, but we're seeing pockets of growth also in snacking, too. So especially within those value-added segments so protein-based snacks and better-for-you options are, in many ways, part of the snacking category as well, and we see growth in those areas. So I don't know that snacking, by itself, is the issue. It's just people are looking for other opportunities and other options as they consider snacking as part of the repertoire throughout the day. But we also, in terms of our own performance, believe that we're gaining market share in a number of these areas from competitors. So it's helped offset what we believe to be. Maybe a little bit of temporary weaknesses as we're looking at the snacking category, but it's more dynamic than maybe just one version of it. And that would be -- sort of one context I would give from a consumer perspective, specifically on snacking. Now if you think about just broadly the state of the consumer, Max, we think consumers continue to be resilient, but they're definitely still in a challenging environment. And as many of us have seen, consumer sentiment has been impacted, especially over this past month, primarily related to concerns over rising inflation potentially. And I think my -- our view is that this prolongs what we saw as we thought about sort of the back half of '24, that the mindset of the consumer may not be getting -- shifting all that much towards the positive. It's just still kind of remaining resilient, but challenged. They're still cautious about how they spend their money on food and beverage, and they're continuing that value-seeking behavior. In our own categories, what we're seeing is some people are maybe trading down to smaller units, but we're also seeing a lot of growth in our larger units actually. So it tells me that people are looking for value. They're also putting a lot of focus on the value per ounce that they're spending. So I think consumers are quite savvy as we all know, and they're trying to make their dollar stretch as much as they can, which is another reason why they go into the perimeter of the store to make scratch meals, et cetera. They see them as healthier, but they also see them as cheaper. And so I think both of these kind of -- you started with the snacking segment, but I'm going to end just more broadly, what we're seeing in our own categories is consumers are sort of blending both, and it's hard to parse them apart.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Steve Powers with Deutsche Bank.
Stephen Robert Powers: Brendan, I was hoping you could talk a little bit more about what you're seeing in Europe and, I guess, in the EMEA segment as it relates to Consumer. Volume growth there as well this quarter, and you've got some pricing coming through because of the commodity backdrop. But at the same time, you cited other CPG companies in Europe kind of facing parallel dynamics as we're seeing here in the U.S. with consumer weakness. So as you think about the progression of demand in Europe over the balance of the year, I guess, how are you sort of taking you through the scenarios there? And is there incremental investments that may have to be put into place in Europe as well as the year goes on to offset some of that demand weakness?
Brendan Foley: Thanks, Steve. Well, in Europe specifically, let me step back. We do a lot of proprietary research throughout the year, frequently throughout the year. And we're trying to understand consumer sentiment not only with cooking and shopping and value and inflation, et cetera, many other -- many topics, but we do this almost every quarter, and that helps us understand what the sentiment of the consumer is, especially let's say, comparing Europe to the U.S. or other big markets that we operate in. What's striking to us is the similarity that we're seeing from a U.S. consumer sentiment, broadly, with European. And so very similar trends in terms of, "Hey, I'm cooking from scratch more often, I'm eating at home more often than I did." I'm looking for value overall. We see growth in discounters, as an example of that, which we're gaining distribution in. We also see performance of e-commerce really accelerating too. So people are looking for sort of that convenience overall, and that's accelerating quite nicely in that marketplace. So we're seeing somewhat of a similar sort of parallel, if you will, behaviors and sentiment from a consumer standpoint. The worry of inflation is just as high there as it would be here in the U.S. And so that's coming through in the data that we're looking at. So I don't know that I could pinpoint something uniquely different in Europe that's happening in the U.S. right now.
Stephen Robert Powers: Okay. Maybe if I could just follow up. So the -- is there -- as we see net positive pricing flowing through your business this quarter and over the course of the year, as expected, is that -- is what we're really seeing in there is sort of commodity-based pricing offset by promotional investments and the like? Or is the -- in value, not quite as strong as the U.S. despite those dynamics?
Brendan Foley: The commodity inflation that we're experiencing there is not broad-based, it's very targeted on specific items. And so as you know, like for example, we have a homemade desserts business in France, and so there are very specific items are receiving some inflation there. And so think about this as quite targeted. But still, having said that, we're focused on making sure that we have the right price points on shelf. It isn't necessarily through promotions only, but it's also through just sort of that -- making sure like price gap management that we're getting to the right price point on the shelf. But I do want to illustrate that's more of a targeted issue from a commodity standpoint, not broad-based.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Tom Palmer with Citi.
Thomas Palmer: Maybe just to start out, I wanted to clarify an element of Ken's question from earlier. I appreciate the sales momentum and the expectation for gross margin to build as the year progresses. But I wanted to just clarify on SG&A, given some of the timing items that were called out in 1Q. I think traditionally, SG&A dollars in the second quarter are quite a bit higher than we see in the first quarter. Does this still hold this year? Or was there enough pull forward of some of these items into 1Q that will be a bit more balanced?
Marcos Gabriel: It is going to be balanced between Q1 and Q2. You should look at those 2 quarters together, Tom, as you think about the SG&A line. There is a shift into Q1, a negative shift into Q1, as I explained, but that's going to be a tailwind into Q2. Brand marketing technology will continue across both quarters. So Q1, you saw some of that, a little bit more heavily than anticipated, but it's going to come back in Q2 as well. We're going to continue to invest on the back of those 2 items. So I would look at it as the combination of Q1 and Q2 for more of a normalized view on SG&A.
Thomas Palmer: Okay. And I wanted to ask on Canada. We've seen headlines about weaker sales for U.S. brands. Are you seeing any of that at this point? And then just any refresher on your exposure to Canada?
Brendan Foley: In Canada, we actually had a really -- just like in the U.S., a really robust quarter in terms of consumption and performance there. And I'm familiar with what you're referring to in terms of what we've seen written in the press. But we currently -- we're not experiencing any sort of difficulties there. And honestly, as we look at our performance from a consumption and sales standpoint, we're pretty happy with it.
Operator: Our final question is from the line of Matt Smith with Stifel.
Matthew Smith: I wanted to follow up on America's QSR trends or QSR trends more broadly. You called out traffic weak -- or weaker traffic trend, but volumes were actually up. Can you talk about the drivers of growth that more than offset that traffic weakness and your expectation for the rest of the year in terms of industry traffic trends and your ability to outpace the industry traffic? Were some of the limited time offers and menu benefits more short term? Or do those continue and allow you to outperform the traffic trends we're seeing for QSR?
Brendan Foley: We've often described this business as lumpy, variability quarter-to-quarter. And one of the variables that drives that is things like customer promotions, limited time offers, because they may or may not continue for either a short period of time or a long period of time. Difficult for us to fully predict. But that is one element in terms of what we saw, is just particularly when you think about in Asia Pacific, just a lot more heightened activity. In fact, I would say QSRs in Asia Pacific have been doing pretty well for the last couple of quarters. And so they've been growing stores, but also accelerating on traffic overall. In fact, I think the store growth itself is one other contributor to overall performance there, which is not a same-store sales type metric overall. The other items that -- for us, if we win more business or we get innovation, that becomes incremental to the prior year. And so that enables one to sort of overcome whatever might be the trends with traffic going on in the industry. So we saw more of that happen in the Americas region. And that is an example of something that is necessarily short term, but rather it's something that sort of, we're continuing to sort of improve our sales mix by either winning new customers or getting new products overall or selling them new products, if you will. So that's the other context there, which is equivalent to gaining share, if you will.
Operator: Thank you. I'll now turn the call back to Brendan Foley for closing remarks.
Faten Freiha: Thank you all for joining today's call. If you have any further questions regarding today's information, please feel free to contact me. This concludes our conference call for this morning.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-01-23 08:00:00) =====
Faten Freiha: Good morning. This is Faten Freiha, VP of Investor Relations. Thank you for joining today's Fourth Quarter Earnings Call. To accompany this call, we posted a set of slides on our IR website, ir.mccormick.com. With me this morning are Brendan Foley, Chairman, President and CEO; and Marcos Gabriel, Executive Vice President and CFO. During this call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. The nature of those non-GAAP financial measures and the related reconciliations to the GAAP results are included in this morning's press release and slides. In our comments, certain percentages are rounded. Please refer to our presentation for complete information. Today's presentation contains projections and other forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from those projected. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether because of new information, future events or other factors. Please refer to our forward-looking statement on Slide 2 for more information. Lastly, I'd like to call out that we made changes to our release and slides to streamline and enhance our communication. And these changes are in alignment with investor and analyst feedback. In terms of metrics, to simplify, we are adopting the organic sales measure, which is defined as the impact of volume and mix plus price and excludes the impact of FX and any divestitures or acquisitions. As a reminder, the reconciliation of our sales measures can be found in the appendix of our slides and in our press release. I will now turn the discussion over to Brendan.
Brendan Foley: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. I'm pleased to report on our strong performance for the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2024, an important year for McCormick in which we built momentum and strengthened our leadership and differentiation returning to quality, volume-led growth. We invested in our core categories, drove improved unit and volume share trends, while also expanding our margins and delivering strong earnings growth. Our results demonstrate the success of our prioritized investments in the areas that we believe will drive the most value and set us up to continue to drive momentum for 2025 and beyond. McCormick remains a growth company. We have robust plans that leverage the demand for flavor and the strength of our brands. Our strategies have proven to be effective in driving growth and compounding that growth over the years. And I remain confident that we have the right leadership team in place and engaged employees globally to deliver on our near-term and long-term objectives with industry leading performance. This morning, I will begin my remarks with an overview of our fourth quarter focusing primarily on top line drivers. Next, I will highlight some areas of success and the areas that we continue to work on. Then I will briefly reflect on our full year performance and share our plans at a high level to continue to drive momentum in 2025. Next, I will review how McCormick is positioned relative to an evolving consumer landscape. Marcos will then go into more depth in the fourth quarter as well as 2024 fiscal year financial results and review our 2025 outlook. And finally, before your questions, I will have some closing comments. Turning now to our results on Slide 4. In the fourth quarter, total organic sales increased by 2%, reflecting volume and product mix growth of more than 2%, partially offset by pricing. Total volume improved sequentially for the fourth consecutive quarter despite a challenging environment. And this improvement in the fourth quarter was driven by our Consumer segment, where volume and product mix increased approximately 4% compared to the prior year. In Americas Consumer, we delivered meaningful sequential volume improvement leading to more than 5% volume growth year-over-year. This growth reflects continued focus on our core categories, investing in brand marketing, accelerating innovation and alignment with consumer trends, expanding distribution and price gap management plans. In EMEA, we continue to drive positive volume growth across our major markets and core categories. We realized benefits from new product innovation as well as expanded distribution. In Asia Pacific, our results were impacted by China as the environment in this market remains challenged. Looking forward, we expect a slight and gradual recovery in 2025 relative to the prior year. Marcos will discuss this when he covers our outlook for 2025. Moving to Flavor Solutions, volumes were flat for the Global segment. Volume performance was primarily impacted by volume softness in our CPG and QSR customers' volumes. Sequentially, relative to third quarter volume growth, our results were impacted by the timing of customer activities. Let's move to Slide 5 and let me highlight for the quarter some of the key areas of success. In our Global Consumer segment, we successfully executed on our plans with increased investment and competitive focus towards driving growth across our core categories. In the Americas, across all categories, we drove unit, volume and dollar consumption growth. Notably, our unit and volume consumption outpaced both branded food peers and private label in the fourth quarter. In Global Spices and Seasonings, we drove solid unit volume and dollar consumption growth across key markets in the Americas, EMEA and Asia Pacific. In the US, we continue to improve on our competitiveness. Our volume consumption outpaced both branded competitors and private label for the quarter. Overall holiday performance was terrific. We saw high demand and sell out on our displays that feature core holiday items as well as new innovation. We had strong performance across the portfolio and our holiday limited time offer Finishing Sugars contributed to our share momentum and were incremental to the category. In Recipe Mixes, we continue to strengthen consumption trends in the Americas and EMEA driving overall share. In the US, our Cholula line remains a significant growth driver. We are innovating with Cholula Recipe Mixes, bringing new consumers to the category, particularly with millennials and younger families. In the UK, our new Short Seasonings and Recipe Mixes specifically designed for air fryers are performing well and driving strong consumption. In Mustard, we made great progress globally over the last three quarters and are pleased to see that our plans are driving great results. In the fourth quarter, we drove unit volume and dollar share gains in the Americas. In Poland, one of the top mustard consuming countries, our mustard consumption continues to grow and we are also realizing unit and dollar share gains. In Hot Sauce, we continue to have underlying strength in our base business and strong consumer loyalty. We drove positive unit volume and dollar growth in the fourth quarter, demonstrating that our plans are working. Sequentially, we drove significant improvement in dollar and unit share trends. This improvement was driven by distribution gains, increased brand marketing and innovation. We continue to make progress on total distribution points. We expanded TDPs across Spices and Seasonings, Recipe Mixes, Mustard and Hot Sauce in the Americas. In EMEA, we are also seeing distribution growth across markets in Spices and Seasonings and Condiments and Sauces. We are also gaining distribution in growing channels like discounters and e-commerce. Finally, in the Americas and EMEA, we drove double-digit consumption growth in e-commerce outpacing the market. E-commerce was a significant driver of our unit consumption growth for the quarter as consumers continue to see convenience. In Flavor Solutions, we saw strength in our technically insulated high margin product category Flavors and in Branded Foodservice. In Flavors in the Americas, we remain focused on being the partner of choice across four case competencies savory, heat, naturally sweet and citrus and fruit. These are areas of deep expertise and strength and where we are recognized as leaders within the Flavor industry. As a result of this continued focus, our performance with our high growth innovator customers remain strong and we outperformed the industry across most end categories. In Americas Branded Foodservice business, we drove volume growth and expanded distribution across Spices and Seasonings and Condiments, outperforming the industry. In addition, we are winning in Hot Sauce tabletop unit share and with innovation, new distribution, packaging and promotion. Let me now touch on some areas where we are seeing some pressure. As I mentioned earlier, in our Asia Pacific consumer business, the environment in China remains challenging. Consumer sentiment remains low and October-November distributor inventory buildup was below prior years due to the expected softer consumption. In Flavor Solutions, in both Americas and EMEA, some of our CPG customers experienced continued softness in volumes within their own businesses. And in EMEA, some of these customers were impacted by geopolitical boycotts in the region related to the Middle East conflict. This geopolitical impact may continue into 2025. In addition, QSR traffic remains soft in EMEA and in the Americas. We have seen this pressure impact our results for several quarters. It's difficult to predict QSR traffic. However, we are collaborating with our customers as they focus on improving their volumes through innovation and value and aligned with consumer trends. Now, I would like to reflect on our performance for the fiscal year on Slide 6. We successfully delivered on the goals we set and shared with you for 2024. We demonstrated our dedication to improving volumes. We refined our plans and prioritized our investments to drive impactful results and returned to differentiated and sustainable volume-led growth, the kind of growth that investors expect from McCormick. I am very proud of what we achieved and you should expect continued momentum in 2025. Our team remains focused on returning to our long-term growth algorithm, strengthening our profitability, continuing our strong cash flow, paying down our debt and reducing our leverage ratio, all have put McCormick in a position of strength to invest further with a sustained focus on growth. A few highlights for the year. On the top line, sales growth came in close to the high end of our guidance range as we expected. Importantly, we drove total positive volume growth for the year with the consumer business delivering 1% volume growth for 2024. We continue to invest in our business as well as drive margin expansion in line with our guidance. Importantly, we made significant progress in advancing our Flavor Solutions operating margins. Our growth for 2024 on the top line and the bottom line reinforces our confidence in achieving the 2028 targets we set out at our Investor Day as well as our long-term objectives. Our results demonstrate that our foundation is strong. We have proven and powerful brands and the results we are seeing from our refined and strengthened plans provide confidence in the effectiveness of our strategies and investments. We made significant progress this past year and we have plans to continue that momentum in 2025 and beyond. Let me now share our perspectives on consumer trends. Our portfolio's breadth and reach in Consumer and Flavor Solutions and our shared insights give us a strong understanding of consumers, flavor needs, preferences, behaviors and trends. We are continuously monitoring these trends across the globe and adapting our strategies accordingly. Demand for Flavor remains the foundation of our growth. Our business is differentiated. We do not compete for calories, we flavor them. Importantly, our opportunity continues to grow no matter where calories are shifting and the demand for flavor continues to have a long runway. Our products in the Consumer segment help flavor home cooked meals and in the Flavor Solutions segment, we are collaborating with many of our customers through reformulations and flavoring to meet the evolving consumer needs for healthy products, including snacks and beverages. Overall trends continue to evolve. Consumers remain challenged, particularly lower income consumers. While everyone continues to watch their spending, there appears to be some easing with mid and higher income cohorts. Yet, I'll still remain focused on maximizing value without compromising flavor. Demand for larger sizes remains elevated as they are seeking value. At the same time, there is increased demand for small or trial sizes, highlighting that flavor exploration remains important. Furthermore, consumers continue to cook at home and are increasingly shopping the perimeter for protein and produce. Healthier and better for you trends as well as a desire to stretch budgets are fueling this continued interest in cooking from scratch, reinforcing demand for flavor and for McCormick's categories. Spices and extracts remains the number one center store growth category. Lastly, our consumer centric mindset remains at the heart of everything that we do and we believe we have the right plans that are continually informed by what matters most to consumers and customers. As outlined on Slide 7, our growth plans remain consistent to drive growth through category management, brand marketing, new products, our proprietary technologies and our differentiated customer engagement. Our growth levers are supported and enhanced through data and analytics as we continue to accelerate our digital transformation. Our base business is strengthening across major markets and core categories. And we have a number of initiatives in flight that will continue to drive this performance and differentiation. Let me highlight a few areas that support and enable these growth plans. First, our decisions to optimize our portfolio over the years allows us to concentrate our focus on four global categories, Spices and Seasonings, Condiments and Sauces, Branded Foodservice and Flavors. We are intentionally focused on these categories as they are critical to driving our profitable sales growth and strengthening our flavor leadership. They drive the greatest value for McCormick and we are excited about our plans to continue to drive growth in each of them. Furthermore, consumer demand for Hot and Spicy is strong and remains a significant tailwind to our growth. We are uniquely positioned to win in Heat with our global iconic brands, deep consumer insights, meaningful scale, technology and expertise that we've been building for decades. Heat is a growth enabler in both of our segments and yet another reason to believe in our long-term objectives. Lastly, underpinning our long-term growth objectives is a unique system of advantages that work together to drive our industry leading growth. These advantages include the breadth and reach of our focused global portfolio, powerful leading brands, our Heat platform, unique consumer insights, global sourcing capabilities and our disciplined approach to acquisitions and integrations. Importantly, our power of people culture is at the foundation of it all. These advantages together with the execution of our strategies are critical to ensuring we deliver on our growth potential. Now over to Marcos.
Marcos Gabriel: Thank you, Brendan, and good morning, everyone. I'm pleased to be reporting on strong results for both the quarter and the year. Starting on Slide 9, our total organic sales grew 2% for the quarter. This increase was volume-led with more than 2% volume and product mix growth partially offset by pricing. We drove strong sequential volume improvement as you can see on the slide. Moving to our Consumer segment on slide 10. Organic sales increased 3% as volume growth of 4% was partially offset by 1% impact of price investments. Consumer organic sales in the Americas increased by 4%. This increase reflects 5% volume growth, partially offset by price investments of 1%. Volume growth was focused in our core categories and was driven by our investments in brand marketing, innovation and expanded distribution. Our investments are yielding positive results as seen in our improved consumption and we expect the momentum to continue into 2025. In EMEA, we grew consumer organic sales 3%, driven by a 5% increase from volume, partially offset by promotional pricing of 2%. The volume growth was broad based across product categories in our major markets. We're pleased with the strong sustained volume-led growth momentum in EMEA in 2024. Consumer organic sales in the APAC region declined 10%, driven by an 11% decrease in volume, partially offset by 1% contribution from price. This volume decline was primarily attributable to the macro environment in China. Turning to our Flavor Solutions segment on Slide 11. Fourth quarter organic sales increased 1%, driven by pricing. In the Americas, Flavor Solutions organic sales increased 1%, reflecting a 2% contribution from price, partially offset by a 1% decrease in volume, driven by softness in our CPG and QSR customers' volumes. This was partially offset by volume growth in flavors with high growth innovator customers as well as growth in the Branded Foodservice business. In EMEA, organic sales decreased by 4%, including a 2% decline from price and a 2% impact of lower volume and product mix, reflecting the impact of soft CPG and QSR customers' volumes. In the APAC region, Flavor Solutions organic sales increased 6% with volume growth of 7% driven by QSR customer promotions, limited time offers as well as new products, partially offset by pricing of 1%. As seen on Slide 12, gross profit margin expanded by 20 basis points in the fourth quarter versus the year ago period, driven primarily by the benefit from our comprehensive Continuous Improvement Program or CCI. For the year, gross margin expanded 90 basis points with incremental benefit from product mix and pricing. Selling, general and administrative expenses or SG&A increased relative to the fourth quarter of last year, driven primarily by increased technology costs that shifted from the third quarter as we expected. As a percentage of net sales, SG&A increased 80 basis points. For the fiscal year, SG&A increased 40 basis points relative to 2023, primarily due to increased brand marketing as planned. For the fourth quarter, adjusted operating income declined by 1% with minimal impact from currency. This decline was driven by the increased SG&A as expected. For the total company, we grew fiscal year adjusted operating income 4.5% with minimal impact from currency and drove adjusted operating margin expansion of 50 basis points with gross margin expansion more than offsetting the increase in SG&A expenses, including our planned increased investments in brand marketing. Our performance in 2024 reflects our commitment to increase our profit realization and positions us well to make continued investments to fuel top line growth. Our fourth quarter adjusted effective tax rate was 25.4% compared to 22.3% in the year ago period as expected. For the year, our adjusted tax rate was 20.5%, a decrease of 150 basis points from 2023, driven by a greater level of discrete tax benefits than in the prior year. Our income from unconsolidated operations in the fourth quarter declined 3%. As we mentioned on the last call, our results were impacted by the strengthening of the US dollar against the Mexican peso, which more than offset the strong performance in our largest joint venture McCormick de Mexico. The US to Mexican peso exchange rate was around 17% in the prior year compared to more than 20% in the fourth quarter, reflecting approximately an 18% fluctuation that impacted our reported results. For the fiscal year, unconsolidated income increased 32%, reflecting strong performance in McCormick de Mexico. We remain the market leader with our McCormick branded mayonnaise, marmalade and mustard product lines in Mexico and the underlying business continues to perform well and has contributed meaningfully to our net income and operating cash flow results this past year. Turning to our segment operational results on slide 13, adjusted operating income in the Consumer segment decreased 3% with minimal impact from currency. The decrease was primarily due to pricing and increased SG&A costs, partially offset by cost savings generated by our CCI program. 2024 was a year of investments. And as such, adjusted operating income in the consumer segment rose 1%, while adjusted operating margin declined 10 basis points as we invested to drive top line volume-led growth. We are well positioned to continue this volume-led growth trajectory with strong margins. In Flavor Solutions, adjusted operating income increased 5% or 7% in constant currency, driven by product mix, pricing and cost savings, partially offset by increased SG&A costs. For the fiscal year, our Flavor Solutions operating income grew 14% and operating margin expanded 140 basis points reflecting our continued focus on storing Flavor Solutions profitability. At the bottom line, as shown on Slide 14, fourth quarter 2024 adjusted earnings per share was $0.80 as compared to $0.85 for the year ago period. This decrease was primarily due to the unfavorable tax rate as well as the increase in SG&A that I mentioned earlier. For the year, we delivered adjusted earnings per share of $2.95, which represents a 9% increase over 2023 and above the high end of our guidance range. On Slide 15, we've summarized highlights for cash flow and the year-end balance sheet. Our cash flow from operations in 2024 was $922 million compared to $1.2 billion in 2023. The benefit from the increase in earnings year-over-year was more than offset by the impact of cash used for working capital, primarily inventories driven by strategic buying decisions, increased incentive compensation payments and timing of cash tax payments. We returned $451 million of cash to our shareholders through dividends and used $275 million for capital expenditures. As a reminder, capital expenditures include projects to increase capacity and capabilities to meet growing demand, advance our digital transformation and optimize our cost structure. Our priority remains to have a balanced use of cash. This means funding investments to drive growth, returning a significant portion of cash to our shareholders through dividends and maintaining a strong balance sheet. We remain committed to a strong investment grade rating. With another year of strong cash flow driven by profit and working capital initiatives, we successfully reduced our leverage ratio to below three times in 2024 and improved our cash conversion cycle by 10% as compared to the prior year. In 2025, we expect to continue to deliver strong cash flow driven by profit and working capital initiatives. Overall, our results for 2024 were consistent and in line with our guidance and reflect the success of our strategies and focus investments in the areas that drive the greatest value. Now turning to our 2025 financial outlook on Slide 16. Our outlook continues to reflect our prioritized investments in key categories to strengthen volume trends and drive long-term profitable growth, while appreciating the uncertainty of the consumer and macro environment. In addition, this outlook is in line with expectations we laid out at our Investor Day in October and reinforces our confidence in our 2028 targets as well as our long-term objectives. Turning to the details. First, currency rates are expected to have a one point negative impact on both net sales and adjusted operating income and two points on adjusted earnings per share. At the top line, we expect organic net sales growth to range between 1% and 3% and our growth to be volume-led with minimal pricing. In China, our food away-from-home business, which is included in the APAC consumer, continues to be impacted by slower demand. As a result, our outlook assumes a gradual recovery and we expect China consumer sales to improve slightly year-over-year. While we recognize there has been weak demand, we continue to believe in the long-term growth opportunity of the China business. Our 2025 gross margin is projected to range between 50 to 100 basis points higher than 2024. This gross margin expansion reflects favorable impacts from product mix and cost savings from our CCI program, partially offset by the anticipated impact of a low single-digit increase in cost inflation. In addition to our gross margin expansion, we expect SG&A benefits from cost savings to be partially offset by investments to drive volume growth, including brand marketing. For the year, we expect our brand marketing spend to increase in the high single-digits, reflecting a double-digit increase, partially offset by anticipated CCI savings. As a result, our adjusted operating income is expected to grow 4% to 6% in constant currency, a balanced outlook that gives us the flexibility to continue to invest in the business while expanding margins in line with our 2028 objectives. In terms of tax, we expect our tax rate to be approximately 22% for the year compared to 20.5% in 2024, where we benefited from a number of discrete tax items that are not expected to repeat in 2025. We expect our income from unconsolidated operations to decline in the mid-teens range in 2025, reflecting the strengthening of the US dollar against the Mexican peso, which is impacting the results of our largest joint venture, McCormick de Mexico. Excluding this currency headwind, McCormick de Mexico continues to deliver a strong performance. To summarize, our 2025 adjusted earnings per share projection of $3.03 to $3.08 on a reported dollar basis reflects currency headwinds and the impact of the increased tax rate relative to the prior year. On a constant currency basis, adjusted EPS is expected to grow between 5% and 7%. As we head into 2025, let me summarize some of the puts and takes to consider related to our performance. We expect to continue to deliver total volume growth across both segments. Gross margin expansion for the first quarter is expected to be modest relative to the prior year, primarily due to price gap management investments that were mostly in place since the second quarter of 2024. We expect gross margin to build over the year, consistent with historical trends. We anticipate our SG&A will be impacted by a consistent increase in brand marketing every quarter in line with our full year guidance. In addition, our stock-based compensation expense will shift from the second quarter to the first quarter, impacting comparisons to the prior year. Our adjusted operating profit will be impacted by this shift in timing causing the first quarter to be flat or slightly down relative to the prior year. However, this will be more than offset by operating profit growth in the second quarter and we expect our profitability to build throughout the year. As Brendan noted, we continue to prioritize our investments to drive impactful results. Our continuation of volume-led growth underscores that we are moving in the right direction and we remain confident in the underlying fundamentals of our business and delivering on our 2025 financial outlook, near-term and long-term objectives.
Brendan Foley: Thank you, Marcos. Before moving to Q&A, I would like to close with our key takeaways on Slide 17. The long-term trends that fuel our categories, consumer interest in healthy flavorful cooking, heat, flavor exploration and trusted brands continue to be strong. And importantly, consumer interest in cooking remains elevated. We are pleased with our results for the quarter and for the year. These results demonstrate that we are investing in the areas that drive the most value and reinforces our confidence in our plans and long-term objectives. We continue to execute on our strategic roadmap with speed and agility and in alignment with consumer trends, further capitalizing on our attractive categories across segments and driving category leadership. Our plans are yielding strong results and we expect the momentum to continue into 2025. We also continue to expand margins and manage our costs as we are investing in the business. These improvements are led by our favorable product mix and cost savings programs. Our performance, coupled with our growth plans, gives us confidence in achieving our near and long-term objectives. We believe the execution of our growth plans will be a win for consumers, customers, our categories and McCormick which will continue to differentiate and strengthen our leadership. Finally, I want to recognize all McCormick employees for their dedication and contributions, particularly as we navigate this complex environment and reiterate my confidence that together, we will continue to drive differentiated results and shareholder value. Now for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question has come from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Please proceed with your questions.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thanks so much. Good morning, everybody.
Brendan Foley: Good morning.
Marcos Gabriel: Good morning, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar: I guess to start off, Brendan, consumer organic sales came in almost 2.5% well ahead of what the Street was anticipating. And within that volume growth of 4% was obviously quite strong even despite the weakness in China, particularly in the context, I guess, of the broader packaged food environment. So I guess to what do you attribute this strength and I guess more importantly, how do you see this momentum continuing into fiscal '25?
Brendan Foley: Thank you, Andrew. Well, just to kind of lead off, we believe we're really well positioned to win in an evolving environment. And I think you saw, obviously, some of that come through in our performance in the fourth quarter, even leading up through up to the fourth quarter, I think, year-to-date. So we've been delivering on our plans and our guidance for the year and essentially accomplishing what we said we would do. So specifically from a consumer perspective, just looking at it, we're really pleased with the performance of the portfolio in the fourth quarter. The performance was pretty strong. Global volume growth was around 4%. But importantly like in the Americas, we saw about 5% volume mix growth and a strong acceleration from the third quarter to the fourth quarter and we saw very consistent strong performance in EMEA at about 5%. So we're seeing volume growth in our core categories. I think a way to think about it is leading up to the fourth quarter, there are a lot of very healthy things in place, which were increased investments across our business, increase in brand marketing, we've had increased innovation, a lot of the new products that we're launching are meaningful to our performance, expanded distribution, and then we also implemented price gap management, too. So all those were things kind of in the phase kind of leading up to the fourth quarter, which were all quite positive in providing and supporting already what was emerging as a really strong healthy volume growth. I think on top of that, what was different in the fourth quarter in which sort of accelerated that performance was just a great holiday season execution. It's one of the best I've seen us execute and we're really, really happy with the way that unfolded. We also had very successful limited time offering in these finishing sugars. I mean at shelf that was like a 90% sell-through. It just really flew off the shelf. So we had really good performance off of that. We are also running a brand-new marketing campaign supporting broadly the umbrella of McCormick and especially in the holidays and we think that campaign is a refresh of what we had been running and it's really performing quite well. And I would also add on top of that, we're growing faster in unmeasured channels like e-commerce. It's just sort of great execution beyond just grocery and mass. So overall, we saw that 5% increase in volume also translates to 5% consumption growth. So it was in line with shipments. So we think it was a really pretty healthy quarter. As we look beyond the fourth quarter and into 2025, I would -- as we said in Investor Day, continue to increase in our brand marketing investment. We get great ROIs on that. We get great performance. We'll continue to sort of lean into more brand management investments. Continued increase in innovation. So as we look ahead, we'll have strong performance on the items that we launched in '24, but there will also have more launching in '25. We'll also have continued focus on renovation. We spent some time talking about this at Investor Day, but we'll have the new package for our grilling line fully on shelf by the time the grilling season starts. And we have the gourmet launch sometime in the second half, which is a relaunch of just product packaging and graphics, and so that will be exciting. And the existing price gap management plans will remain in place. So that's part of our base as we move forward. We'll share more details at CAGNY, but we do feel reasonably pretty good about, I think the performance in the fourth quarter around our consumer business globally.
Andrew Lazar: Thanks for that. And then just briefly, Marcos, no surprise that fiscal '25 is another reinvestment year as you all highlighted at your Analyst Day last fall. I was hoping you could talk a bit more about where this investment is targeted and then how this all plays into your broader guidance for the year? Thanks so much.
Marcos Gabriel: Yes. So, Andrew, so we are expecting that we'll continue to make investments on technology. We talked about technology being one of the levers that shifted from Q3 into Q4 and you saw that SG&A was impacted in Q4 by that. But if you look at SG&A for the full year was up 40 basis points and that was primarily driven by brand marketing and a little bit of technology. But that technology in Q4 will continue to be a line item in 2025. We're stepping up investments there. We continue to drive our ERP implementation program plus also the new generation of capabilities, I would say, AI, things like that and machine learning capabilities. We are building a new data analytics hub across the organization. So we are stepping up the investments in technology. And I believe that over time, we'll continue to drive CCI and productivity savings for the company.
Andrew Lazar: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question has come from the line of Peter Galbo with Bank of America. Please proceed with your questions.
Peter Galbo: Hey, guys. Good morning. Thanks for the question.
Brendan Foley: Good morning.
Marcos Gabriel: Good morning.
Peter Galbo: Good morning. If I could just follow-up actually on Andrew's question around kind of organic sales and the acceleration that you saw in the fourth quarter and was expected for '25. Maybe just two things, Brendan. One, I think when we talked at Investor Day, we were looking more for like a 2% to 3% on organic sales for '25 as an initial. And now the range has moved slightly below that. So just curious kind of what transpired or what's changed from an organic sales standpoint? And the second is, obviously, that range would also imply a deceleration versus the fourth quarter. So just it seems like you have great momentum coming out of 4Q and the comps aren't incredibly difficult. So just curious kind of where the maybe there's some conservatism in there, but just where the range has moved would be helpful. Thanks.
Brendan Foley: Yes, Peter, we have to provide some perspective around the guidance specifically on net sales. We're exiting 2024 with a strong performance and good momentum like you called out. And it does set us up for even good stronger performance in 2025. I think from a top line perspective, this guide reflects the volume-driven plan around our business. And it's really on algorithm, if you will, from a volume perspective. It's somewhat like we called out at Investor Day. So it does call for meaningful volume improvement year-over-year and there's very little, if any, price in the aggregate. We are building off a stronger base of performance, let's say, compared to '23. And there's balanced growth between, let's say, both the Consumer business and the Flavor Solutions business. We also believe this guidance reflects just the context in the evolving marketplace. I think I'd kind of maybe speak to two points. What frames our range on the low end is China from a consumer perspective. We're still seeing weak consumer confidence there and we expect sort of slight to the gradual recovery there. It's also the weakness when I think about Flavor Solutions, it's the weakness that we're seeing in QSR channels, particularly in EMEA. What frames the high end, though, is the strength in consumer volumes in the Americas and EMEA. I think overall, this -- our outlook is strengthening from what we said in 2024. It reflects kind of a prudent view of a changing marketplace. It's consistent with what we said at Investor Day and nothing's really changed in our thinking since then. It's all quite consistent as we look at how we are thinking about 2025 back then in October and how we're thinking about it today.
Peter Galbo: That's helpful. Thanks for framing that Brendan. And maybe just to follow-up, the less talked about outside of Americas consumer. Just your perspective, US Foodservice, it seems like maybe we're setting up for a bit better year in '25. EMEA as well, you talked about the weakness on QSR, but just the EMEA consumer business has been delivering strong as well. So just how you're thinking about Europe in '25? Thanks very much.
Brendan Foley: Yes. I think, well, we're certainly, we saw a lot of strength in 2024 out of EMEA from our consumer business. It certainly offset what was weakness in Flavor Solutions. I think our view is we still see continued strength in our Consumer segment there in the market. The plans are strong. Similar points to what I said in just sort of the fourth quarter, those continue as we go into '25. On the Flavor Solution side of the business, we see a sort of a gradual strengthening of where we are there. But we have to kind of call out right now. It is certainly volumes. So that's where we're seeing life today. But I think as we look towards the year, improvement overall in our performance in that part of the world from a Flavor Solutions perspective. From a, let's say, CPG customer to a QSR customer, we think the strength will come in certainly from a CPG, it will start to build. There is one a couple of still issues geopolitically happening within that part of the marketplace. So we're seeing that come through and some of not only the perspective that we're getting from our customers, but that is playing out a little bit. The Middle East conflict is starting to affect not just the QSR side of the business, but CPG. However, we still see improved performance versus '24 on the Flavor Solutions side.
Peter Galbo: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question has come from the line of Alexia Howard with Bernstein. Please proceed with your questions.
Alexia Howard: Good morning, everyone.
Marcos Gabriel: Good morning
Brendan Foley: Good morning, Alexia.
Alexia Howard: So first of all, can I ask about the pivot that you're doing in the Flavor Solutions segment into these new faster growth innovative customers? I know you started that maybe a year or two ago. How quickly is that happening? Are you able to share what proportion of sales those new customers represent and how that might develop over time? And then I have a follow-up.
Brendan Foley: Sure. Happy to provide some perspective around that. We're not going to necessarily speak to sort of how the whole portfolio breaks down. But despite what we're seeing in terms of just sort of overall flattish volumes that you saw in the fourth quarter, broadly, we do see just faster performance. And to give you some context, just these tend to be as we describe them as sort of higher growth innovator sort of customers. But it's happening in categories like bars and granola, crackers, soups and broth, beverage, whether it's with alcohol, without alcohol, or even just sort of performance nutrition. We continue to see strength in a number of these sort of end categories, if you will, up against those taste competencies that we called out at Investor Day. So these are customers that we continue to seek and acquire and we believe that as we go into '25, we continue to really drive growth across this business, not only as volumes improve, but also as we gain share in the marketplace overall. So if I were to think about like what that added context might be, given the spirit of your question, that's probably, I think, the context of this, think about it from an end market category perspective, we're just seeing a little bit faster growth in these areas. So just to add and food away from home, when you think about Branded Foodservice, we're still seeing -- we had a very healthy year in 2024 around that part of our business. And we expect that to also that contributes to it, Alexia, is our performance in Branded Foodservice too. And we expect traffic to incrementally get better, but we're gaining share and we're just driving a lot more activity with our customer base. There has been pretty healthy growth.
Alexia Howard: Perfect. And as a follow-up and this is another broader-based question. If we see a number of food additives like Red No. 3 or some of the others eliminated from the generally recognized as safe designation and we see a round of reformulation across the broader industry. How do you position yourself to best tap into that on the Flavor Solutions side to be part of that cycle if it plays out? Thank you and I'll pass it on.
Brendan Foley: Sure. We see ourselves as actively in that going on right now today. The way we sort of have an opportunity to sort of play into those changes that may or may not occur, as you talked about changes in food regulation or just sort of a push towards healthier eating. We actively play a part right now with the customer base that we have today in terms of working on reformulations and product improvements. I believe that this is where innovation really drives the industry. It has for decades and will continue to moving forward. And so we believe reports pretty well to be able to work with our customers on making any product formulation changes that they would like to make. This could be the removal of artificial colors, sodium reduction, just increasing in clean ingredients. These are areas that we have been working on well up and prior to 2025. So we're quite confident that we'll participate in that.
Alexia Howard: Great. Thank you very much. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question has come from the line of Robert Moskow with TD Cowen. Please proceed with your questions.
Robert Moskow: Hi. Thanks for the question. Actually, I have a couple. I want to know if I could hone in a little bit more on the guidance range of 1% to 3%. You mentioned that the low end factors in weakness in China. And I wanted to know, could you be more specific about your expectations in China? With the low end of the range, the 1% entailed China getting worse or are you not that specific on what the 1% means? And then I had a quick follow-up.
Brendan Foley: I think our characterization in terms of what starts to sort of provide context around where that loan might be is thinking about at times China has not met expectations, right? We certainly saw that in '23 and then we saw it again in '24. And so I think what we're doing is we're kind of factoring that into our thinking, Bob. And as China, we do expect it to get sort of that slight and gradual improvement. And in fact, Marcos and I were there, actually just in the first week of January, spending time with our leaders in that business looking over just the changes in the marketplace as well as what are the growth plans for the year and what expectations should we have? So I think we're seeing a level of prudence from us just in terms of how to think about China. And I think that's kind of the context I would say that sort of provides that low end context. Obviously juxtaposed against what I framed is sort of what's driving the high end.
Marcos Gabriel: Yes. Rob, this is a dynamic environment. We wanted to be balanced in our call right now, not only in terms of top line, but also in terms of from an OP perspective and EPS as you saw in the guide. So we wanted to really be, I mean, I think it is a positive guide, but also it's balanced given the environment that we are in.
Robert Moskow: Okay. And the follow-up, in fourth quarter, the flow-through to operating income wasn't quite as strong as we and I think the Street had expected. And you talked about some really strong volumes in consumer. It looked really great. And my perception is that consumer is higher gross margin than Flavor Solutions or just higher margin. So can you explain -- was your operating income in fourth quarter in line with your expectations or was there a little more incremental spending on distribution, which you mentioned in your press release or the tax spending? Thanks.
Marcos Gabriel: No, Rob. I mean it was pretty much in line with our expectations. I mean, how we came in, in Q4. I mean, we talked about in the last call that we were going to be shifting some of the expenses primarily related to technology and R&D from Q3 into Q4. So that's what you've seen in the P&L for this quarter an impact from SG&A primarily and that is what is kind of taking us down to a negative OP, slightly negative OP. But as you think about it from the SG&A perspective, on a full year basis, it's in line as well with our expectations, 40 basis points incremental year-on-year on the back of A&P, continued technology investments, as I mentioned before. And the step-up in technology will continue into 2025.
Robert Moskow: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question has come from the line of Rob Dickerson with Jefferies. Please proceed with your questions.
Robert Dickerson: Great. Thanks so much. I guess just in terms of pricing and the commentary that you gave maybe around Q1 as you continue to look to manage price gaps. I guess my question is kind of like how much more, I guess, do you think you need to actually manage price gaps? Like when you talked about investment, where you're talking about technology investment, kind of brand building in general, a lot of different investments. If we focus just on price, do you feel like there's actually that much more price investment that needs to come through in Q1? And then maybe any perspective on kind of how that flows through for the year? And I just ask given especially Consumer Americas volumes were fairly strong in Q4. And I'm not sure if that's Q4 specific because of some of the holiday products you had in the marketplace or if volumes continue like kind of why do you need to continue to invest in price gaps? Thanks.
Brendan Foley: Yes. Rob, on price, I think there's really kind of two points maybe there to address in your question. As we think about price and we called out, we're still going to be overlapping the beginning of those investments in Q1. That's consistent. That level of investment is consistent with what we were doing previously like Q2, Q3 sort of year-to-date. So as we go into Q1, we're not seeing a step-up in that. We're seeing sort of a maintenance of it, if you will, as we go into Q1. And the way I would ask you to think about it over the balance of the year is maintaining that investment in our baseline, if you will, of how we think about supporting our brands and supporting the volume growth that we've been driving. So price gap management, as we have a plan for right now in '25 is a continuation of how we applied it in '24. Of course, throughout the year, we just don't sort of set those numbers and leave them and never look at them. We're constantly evaluating how they're performing. So we have sort of surgical review of how -- what's the return that we're getting, how they're applied. But I think from a macro standpoint, you should think about that as a continuation of what we did in '24. You mentioned a little bit about sort of the performance in the fourth quarter and its strength. Let's also remember, the fourth quarter is our biggest quarter of the year in terms of consumption. And I think what you saw was just obviously, really strong execution, a pickup from consumers in terms of more scratch cooking, the holiday season. The holiday season was a bit compressed, but it didn't seem to hurt us in any way. And we had really overall pretty good performance, but there's just a little other points of context I would add as you think through the profile of our performance.
Robert Dickerson: Okay. Great. And then maybe just kind of more broadly speaking, as we think of your portfolio, at least on the consumer side, it does seem as if, let's say, at least through the back half of last year, right, that kind of more meal-related items seem to be doing a little bit better, right, like perimeter to the store, whether it's chicken pasta, et cetera, versus maybe some more incremental pressure or ongoing pressure and some more discretionary items. Kind of my guess is there is still some benefit, right, from those meal-related items, that's something you've been talking about for years, right? Consumers trading from scratch and at home and heard all through COVID. And I'm just kind of curious kind of what the updated perspective is on some momentum, let's say, on the perimeter and some of these new related items and then clearly how that would benefit, again, your Consumer Americas business. That's all I have. Thank you.
Brendan Foley: Rob, I think there was a little bit there where you may have cut out, but I think I got your question and that was more of, so what's that our outlook on sort of the Consumer in 2025. I would say our outlook on the consumer environment hasn't changed significantly, but that doesn't mean it's boring. There's a lot going on right there. And I think a lot of it does really position us well to win in this evolving environment. The demand for flavor is pretty strong. As we've said before, others compete with the calories, we flavor them. And we are seeing continuation of cooking at home and a focus on healthier eating. And we believe that, obviously, this positions our portfolio well to perform well in an environment like this. We believe that value is going to remain important for consumers. As you saw in some of my prepared remarks, it's still that lower income consumer. It still remains quite challenged overall. And they're looking for value and affordability and not just in the United States. They're looking for it in Europe, they're looking for it in Asia. And so these are things that we believe are kind of globally consistent themes that we're seeing and influence our plans and the way we think about our portfolio overall. So that's our context with the consumer. Going into 2025, I would say, remaining focused on driving towards healthy eating, when we see people go to the perimeter to buy more product, to buy more protein, we think they're doing it for two reasons. They're doing it because they're looking to obviously save money, stretch their budgets. But also there's a bias towards easing healthier.
Robert Dickerson: All right, super. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question has come from the line of Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your questions.
Kenneth Goldman: Hi. Thank you. I was hoping for a little bit of color on your outlook for margin expansion growth between the two segments. This past year, 2024, consumer was flattish. Obviously, Flavor Solutions had a great performance in terms of margin growth. Are you expecting maybe not the same magnitude, but sort of directional similarity, just given some of the pressure that consumer might feel from higher ad spending, maybe a little bit more promotion. Just wanted to get a sense for how you would like us to kind of think about that progression from here.
Marcos Gabriel: Yes, sure, Ken. So first of all, I mean, we're very pleased with the gross margin expansion we had in 2024. I mean it was 90 basis points at the high end of our guidance range. And we have really good reasons to believe that this will continue into 2025. So our call is for 50 to 100 basis points into 2025 as well. A couple of items there. I would say that is driving these expectations for us. Obviously, CCI and our productivity savings that we have in place right now is working very well for us. I mentioned technology before. Technology will also help drive more savings in the future years. The usage of Global Business Services Organization will continue to tap on that simplifying process is standardizing the way that we do work, all of those things will help us drive more savings going into the future years. And then mix, portfolio mix is a big lever, particularly within Flavor Solutions. As we continue to shift our portfolio to high-margin categories, such as Flavors, Branded Food service, those categories drive higher margins. So if you think about it between the two segments, I would expect more gross margin coming from the Flavor Solutions segment versus the Consumer segment. That is also in line with our strategy of continuing to drive profitability at the bottom line for Flavor Solutions. As you saw, we've improved our operating margin by 140 basis points in 2024. And we have a commitment to get back to 14.5% by 2028. So that was a very important progress that we made now two years in a row on Flavor Solutions. So that is the whole idea about our guide in terms of gross margin as well as operating margin.
Kenneth Goldman: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of Max Gumport with BNP Paribas. Please proceed with your questions.
Max Gumport: Thanks for the question. In the US specifically, your consumer segment is posting strong volumes, but you called out that your CPG Customers and Flavor Solutions have soft volumes, which we can clearly see in Nielsen data as well. So I'm just curious for your color on what's driving that dichotomy? Thanks very much.
Brendan Foley: Well, as you know, Max, we compete within segments that are sort of very focused around herbs, spices and seasonings, and condiments and sauces. And I think when we think about our portfolio compared to the rest of food and beverage within the United States, I think we first have to start there. And these categories have healthy growth. And so we benefit from that. But also I believe that we jumped on execution quite early in 2024. If you think about maybe my remarks back at the beginning, at this time last year, I said that it was our goal to move fast and really meet the consumer with where they were or where they are today. And that was a real intentional focus on our part from standpoint of being competitive and executing quickly in the marketplace. So I think we've also benefited from that. Some of the categories in which we compete, large ones like condiments and sauces, we're competing in what we believe are some of the faster-growing versions of condiments and sauces like heat as one example. When you take a category like mustard, we're grilling it, because we're making mustard important to consumers. By the way, a very sort of healthy profile when you think about that condiment. So I think there's a number of indicators here that give us a little bit of sort of an improved profile and it's a combination of both our execution and our commitment to drive the volume, but also we're operating in relatively healthy categories. And the consumer environment right now, certainly, as it always has continues to favor the categories we play in.
Max Gumport: Thanks. And then Marcos, there is the comment about cash flow in '24 being impacted by decisions to increase inventory. I think there are strategic buying decisions. Can you just provide more color on what those were and how we should think about those in FY'25. I'll leave it there. Thanks very much.
Marcos Gabriel: Sure. I mean the cash flow continues to be a very positive outcome for us this year, continues to drive a lot of cash this company, $922 million in 2024. We made some and this is business as usual for us. We make decisions about for buying some of the commodities for us at times. So oftentimes we make those decisions to bring inventory to protect service and to drive supply chain be available for supply chain, but also to lock in some favorable cost. And so we do take those decisions oftentimes. Difficult to predict what's going to happen in 2025, but this is part of our playbook in terms of how we manage all the input costs and the components across the globe within our procurement organization. They have a very data-driven analysis and the methodology that they use and we leverage a lot of that to make those decisions.
Max Gumport: Great. Thanks very much.
Brendan Foley: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question has come from the line of Stephen Powers with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your questions.
Stephen Powers: Great. Hey, thanks. Just one question for me, but maybe you both want to weigh in on it. Maybe the part for Marcos is just on your brand marketing plans for the year. It sounded like the rates of increase year-over-year was going to be pretty even throughout the year. Just wanted to play that back and validate. And if that's not correct, if you could give us a little sense of the cadence of increase. And then, Brendan, the other part of that is just kind of the where that money is going to go? And is it -- should we think about it? Is it just more spending in the same direction or does the makeup of brand marketing and the focus of that marketing shift at all in '25 versus what we've seen looking backwards. Thank you.
Marcos Gabriel: Sure. So, Steve, the first part of the question is, yes. I mean the answer is yes. I mean, we're going to be spending similarly to 2024 levels on A&P, high single-digits, and it's going to be across all quarters. So pretty much even across all quarters, leading to the high single-digit, which is the same as we saw in 2024.
Brendan Foley: Steve, from a perspective of how we're spending that money, where we see obviously driving strong returns. I think it serves two perspectives on that. If you think about the vehicles that we go into and you think about the presentation that we shared at Investor Day, those are the vehicles in which we're going into. So it's not that we see a dramatic change in exactly sort of how we're spending it, but you see that we're getting even greater penetration and reach as we add more dollars to support the investment behind our brands. I would also say, we also look strategically across the portfolio and decide to increase spend levels on one brand versus another. If you think about this idea of driving resources and focus where we get the strongest return, that also drives our thinking about that allocation of A&P. So as we said, for example, in the beginning of '24, we are going to add a lot more media coverage and more 12-month coverage on a brand like Frank's RedHot and we've seen good performance off of that. And so that's in our baseline and we'll continue to build on it. There are other brands which we are going to start to flex even more A&P spend into. So this is the mindset that we use. But I think the review that Tabitha gave at Investor Day, I think, is a good illustration of where we tend to spend the money, but it's also -- we're sort of starting to place increased spend on certain other brands.
Stephen Powers: Great. Thank you very much.
Brendan Foley: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question will come from the line of Tom Palmer with Citi. Please proceed with your questions.
Thomas Palmer: Good morning and thanks for squeezing me in. I wanted to, I guess, first ask on just the cadence of earnings relative to the annual growth ranges for organic sales growth and operating profit growth. Should we be thinking about starting off the year within these annual guidance ranges and sustaining it or is there some builds to be thinking about? Thanks.
Brendan Foley: So in terms of top line, we'll continue to drive top line momentum from 2024 into 2025. You'll see volume growth across both segments in Q1, and that should continue through Q4. So that's our expectations into this year. In terms of profit, I mean, in my prepared remarks, I mentioned a little bit of a shift in between Q1 and Q2. So you will see an operating profit that is in Q1 that is slightly down to flattish, I would say, given the pricing that we're lapping from prior year, but also stock com -- shift compensation shift from Q2 into Q1 now for our new policy. So that's going to impact Q1, but it's going to be more than offset by the increase of OP in Q2. So and then you should see the similar trend going into the back half of the year. So I'd say top line consistent across all quarters, a little bit of shift in OP between Q1 and Q2. Gross margin line pretty much consistent and growing across from Q2 to Q4.
Thomas Palmer: Thanks for that color. And just on the JV income, I just wanted to clarify the currency versus underlying trends. If we were to exclude the currency headwind, would this business and kind of how you're thinking about 2025 still be growing?
Marcos Gabriel: Yes, I mean, the business is still growing. The business is very robust down in Mexico. Brendan and I are part of the Board of the JV and we monitor the performance on a very close and then on a quarterly basis. And I mean the business is a very good business. It drives a lot of volume. It drives a lot of profitability as well. What's impacting is really the FX. The FX, the strengthening of the of the dollar up against the Mexican peso. And I mentioned it, it's about 20% devaluation of the Mexican peso year-on-year from 17 to 20 Mexican peso to the dollar. That is really what's impacting is on the translation of those results back into us. But the underlying performance of the business is really, really strong right now.
Thomas Palmer: Great. Thank you.
Marcos Gabriel: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. We have reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I would now like to hand the call back over to Faten Freiha for closing remarks.
Faten Freiha: Thank you and thanks to all for joining today's call. If you have any further questions regarding today's information, please feel free to contact me. This concludes our call this morning.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-01 08:00:00) =====
Faten Freiha: Good morning. This is Faten Freiha, VP of Investor Relations. Thank you for joining today's Third Quarter Earnings Call. To accompany this call, we posted a set of slides on our IR website, ir.mccormick.com. With me this morning are Brendan Foley, President and CEO; Mike Smith, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Marcos Gabriel, Senior Vice President, Global Finance and Capital Markets and Incoming CFO. During this call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. The nature of those non-GAAP financial measures and the related reconciliations to the GAAP results are included in this morning's press release and slides. In our comments, certain percentages are rounded. Please refer to our presentation for complete information. Today's presentation contains projections and other forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from those projected. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether because of new information, future events or other factors. Please refer to our forward-looking statement on Slide 2 for more information. I will now turn the discussion over to Brendan.
Brendan Foley: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Before we begin reviewing our financial results, I would like to address Hurricane Helene. Our thoughts go out to all those impacted by this devastating storm. We continue to monitor the situation closely. Now moving to our results. Our third quarter performance is aligned with our expectations, especially as we continue to navigate an evolving and complex consumer landscape. Our results demonstrate the success of our prioritized investments in the areas that we believe will drive the most value and improved unit share trends, drive volume growth and capitalize on our advantaged categories. As we have said, McCormick remains a growth company and our investments in 2024 are yielding results that support our confidence in delivering on our top-tier long-term objectives. We're excited to share our strategic roadmap and building blocks that support these long-term objectives at our upcoming Investor Day. This morning, I will begin my remarks with an overview of our third quarter results, focusing on the top line drivers. Next, I will provide perspective on consumer trends, highlight some areas of success and the areas that we continue to work on. Mick will then go into more depth on the third quarter financial results and Marcos will review our 2024 outlook. And finally, before your questions, I will have some closing comments. Turning now to our results on Slide 4. In the third quarter, sales were flat in constant currency, reflecting flat pricing, 1% volume and product mix as well as the impact of our canning divestiture. This quarter, we reached a meaningful milestone by delivering total positive volume growth despite the challenging environment. Our volume trends improved sequentially across both consumer and flavor solutions. Our results to date, coupled with our proven growth plans, fuel our continued confidence in our ability to deliver on the mid to high end of our constant currency sales growth guidance. In our Consumer segment in the Americas, we delivered solid sequential volume improvement for the third consecutive quarter, leading to 1% volume growth. Volume growth reflects our continued focus on accelerating innovation and alignment with consumer trends and expanding distribution. Our pricing reflects the continuation of our price gap management plans to support improved volumes as planned. In EMEA, we continue to drive positive volume growth across our major markets and core categories for the third consecutive quarter. We realized benefits from new product innovation and expanded distribution. In Asia Pacific, outside of China, we delivered strong volume-led sales growth as we continue to benefit from the rollout of our new consumer-preferred packaging for our core spices and seasonings portfolio as well as distribution gains. This performance was tempered by China, slightly more than we had originally expected. As we look ahead to the fourth quarter, we expect the environment in China to remain challenged and this is reflected within our guidance. Marcos will provide more color on this when he covers our outlook for the remainder of the year. Moving to Flavor Solutions. We delivered strong sequential volume improvement, primarily driven by growth in the Americas. In the EMEA, our volume trends were impacted by softness in our QSR customers' volumes. And in Asia Pacific, our results were impacted by the timing of customer promotions. From a profitability perspective, we delivered strong results relative to the prior year, as the third quarter benefited primarily from the timing of investments, which are shifting to the fourth quarter. As we look at the second half of the year, operating income results remained largely in line with our expectations and earnings per share results are slightly ahead due to a discrete tax item benefit. Let me now share our view on the state of the consumer, which has remained similar since we reported our second quarter results. Overall, consumers are resilient, but remain challenged. They are exhibiting value-seeking behavior making more frequent trips to the grocery store with smaller baskets and shopping just for what they need. They are also focused on reducing waste and stretching their budgets. Foodservice traffic remains soft across most restaurant types, particularly in QSRs. These trends are starting to benefit growth in food at home and this shift is driven by older generations as well as lower income households. Consumers overall continue to cook at home and they are increasingly shopping the perimeter for protein and produce. This further reinforces their demand for flavor and McCormick's categories, included spices and seasonings as well as condiments and sauces. Flavor is not something consumers are willing to sacrifice. Spices and extracts remain the number one center store growth category. From a value perspective, we are seeing several trends. Demand for larger sizes remains elevated. At the same time, there is increased demand for small or trial sizes as well as onetime use recipe mixes, highlighting that flavor exploration remains important to consumers and our plans need to match that demand with the right product offering. Gen Z, our new and future customers, are also cooking at home. They're interested in seasoning blends that make cooking easier and convenient. Interestingly, they are leaning into higher quality and premium flavor items. We're seeing velocity pick up on our gourmet line and it's coming from Gen Z as they seek to recreate restaurant quality meals. As we step back and reflect on all these trends, it reinforces the importance of our consumer-centric mindset, which is present across our entire business. It's at the heart of everything that we do at McCormick. We are strengthening our broad portfolio to meet evolving consumer demands and delighting them with innovation. And we believe we have the right plans in place that are continually informed by what matters most to our consumers and customers. Moving to Slide 5. Let me highlight for the quarter some of the key areas of our success. In our Global Consumer segment, we drove solid unit consumption growth in spices and seasoning across our key markets in the Americas, EMEA and Asia Pacific. In the US, we continue to improve on our competitiveness relative to private label as our volume consumption outpaced private label for spices and seasonings this quarter. This quarter, our grilling portfolio outpaced category growth on unit sales, displays, velocity and distribution. And in the fourth quarter, we are excited to begin the rollout of our new consumer preferred packaging for Grill Mates, ahead of next year's grilling season. In recipe mixes, we continue to strengthen consumption trends in the Americas, driving both unit and volume share and outpacing private label in the US. Our Cholula line continues to be a significant driver of growth. We are innovating with Cholula recipe mixes, bringing new consumers to the category, particularly with millennials and younger families. In EMEA, recipe mixes were a significant driver of UK volume growth and realized dollar market share gains for two consecutive quarters. In Mustard, we had a strong quarter as we drove both unit and volume share in the Americas. In addition, our unit and volume growth outpaced private label in the US. In Poland, mustard consumption continues to grow and we are realizing unit and dollar market share gains. We made great progress over the last two quarters and are pleased to see that our plans are driving the expected improvement. In Americas Consumer, the declines we previously experienced in the prepared food categories that we participate in like Frozen and Asian, which represent a small part of our portfolio, have now stabilized, and we are seeing improved growth. We continue to make progress on total distribution points. We expanded TDPs and gained TDP share in spices and seasonings, recipe mixes and mustard in the Americas. Finally, in the Americas and EMEA, we drove double-digit consumption growth in e-commerce, outpacing the market. E-commerce was a significant driver of our unit consumption growth for the quarter as consumers continue to seek convenience. In Flavor Solutions, we saw strength in both of our technically insulated high-margin product categories, branded foodservice and flavors. In Americas branded foodservice business, despite softness in the overall foodservice market, we grew volumes and expanded points of distribution across spices and seasonings and condiments. In addition, we are winning hot sauce tabletop share behind new distribution, packaging and promotion. In Flavors, our consumer packaged food customers are seeing some improvement in volumes within their own business in both the Americas and EMEA. In the Americas, our performance with high-growth innovator customers remained strong. We delivered solid growth in Performance Nutrition beverages as well as alcoholic and nonalcoholic beverages, outpacing category growth. Let me now touch on some areas where we're seeing some pressure. In Hot Sauce, we continue to have underlying strength in our base business and strong consumer loyalty. Our share trends remain impacted by a peer that is lapping their own supply chain disruptions. In the Americas, our unit share trends improved sequentially. However, volumes are impacted by mini trial sizes. We are pleased so far with the performance of Frank's minis. Minis are incremental to the category and are driving trial of our new flavors. We expect our innovation, expanded distribution and brand marketing to help improve our trends as we exit 2024. In Flavor Solutions, our volumes were impacted by slower QSR traffic, particularly in EMEA. We have seen this pressure impact our results for several quarters. It's difficult to predict QSR traffic. However, we are collaborating with our customers as they focus on improving their volumes through innovation and value aligned with consumer trends. In Asia Pacific, volume was soft as was impacted by slower QSR traffic outside of China, most notably in Australia and Southeast Asia, where some of our customers remain impacted by geopolitical boycotts. Looking ahead to the fourth quarter, we are excited about the holiday season. With our promotion and innovation plans, we are well positioned entering this season. We are increasing our merchandising levels, supporting our portfolio with holiday brand marketing campaigns and are expecting a strong holiday season. Before I wrap up, let me reiterate our growth plans on Slide 6, which support our performance year-to-date and will continue to drive our success in 2024 and into 2025. Our base business is strengthening across major markets and core categories. We have several initiatives in flight that will continue to drive this performance and differentiation. And I look forward to sharing more details on these plans at our upcoming Investor Day. To wrap up, let me share three key points. The long-term trends that fuel our categories, consumer interest in healthy, flavorful cooking, flavor exploration and trusted brands continue to be strong. And importantly, consumer interest in cooking remains strong. We are dedicated to accelerating our volume trends. We refine and adapt our plans as needed and are prioritizing our investments to drive impactful results and return to sustainable volume-led growth. You should continue to expect improvement as we close the year and into 2025 and beyond. We believe the execution of our growth plans will be a win for consumers, customers, our categories and McCormick, which will continue to differentiate and strengthen our leadership. Now over to Mike.
Mike Smith: Thank you, Brendan, and good morning, everyone. Today's earnings call is bittersweet for me as it marks my last one as CFO of this incredible company before I retire. Reflecting on my tenure of more than three decades, I am filled with immense pride and gratitude for our entire team and appreciate all of their contributions and efforts over the years. Lastly, I would like to thank all of you, our sell-side analysts and investors, for your time and engagement over the years. Your thoughtful questions and insights have been invaluable to me, and they reflect your commitment to understanding our business and long-term strategy. Now let's move to our results for the third quarter. Starting on Slide 8, our top line sales were comparable to the third quarter of last year, including the impact of the canning divestiture and reflect 1% volume growth, partially offset by pricing. In our Consumer segment, sales were comparable with the prior year as the 1% impact of pricing investments was offset by 1% volume growth, reflecting solid sequential improvement from the second quarter. On Slide 9, consumer sales in the Americas were comparable with the prior year. This reflects 1% volume growth offset by pricing investments and this volume growth was driven by our core categories. We continue to take a surgical and data-driven approach to managing price gaps and our investments are still expected to impact about 15% of our Americas consumer segment. In the EMEA, constant currency consumer sales increased 3%, driven by volumes of 4%, partially offset by pricing of 1%. Sales growth was broad-based across product categories in our major markets. We are pleased with the volume growth we delivered in EMEA and expect the momentum to continue through 2024. Constant currency consumer sales in the APAC region were flat, primarily due to the macro environment in China. Outside of China, we delivered volume-led growth that was broad-based across categories and markets. Turning to our Flavor Solutions segment on Slide 12. Third quarter constant currency sales were comparable to the prior year, reflecting a contribution from price, which was fully offset by a 1% impact of the divestiture of the canning business. In the Americas, Flavor Solutions constant currency sales increased 3%, reflecting a 1% contribution from price and a 2% increase in volume, driven by the timing of customer activities as well as strength in branded foodservice. In the EMEA, constant currency sales decreased by 9%, including a 3% impact from the divestiture of the canning business, lower volume and product mix of 5%, reflecting the impact of QSR customers volumes and lower price of 1%. In the APAC region, Flavor Solutions sales were comparable in constant currency with minimal contributions from both price and volume. As Brendan mentioned, our volumes in APAC were impacted by slower QSR traffic outside of China, most notably in Australia and Southeast Asia, where some of our customers remain impacted by geopolitical boycotts. This was offset by growth in China due to QSR customer promotions. As seen on Slide 16, gross profit margin expanded by 170 basis points in the third quarter versus the year ago period, driven primarily by favorable mix within our Flavor Solutions segment and the impact of our comprehensive continuous improvement program or CCI. Now moving to Slide 17. Selling, general and administrative expenses or SG&A decreased relative to the third quarter of last year, driven by lower distribution costs generated by our CCI program and lower employee-related benefit expenses. As a percentage of net sales, SG&A decreased 60 basis points. Adjusted operating income increased 15% as compared to the third quarter of 2023 or 16% in constant currency, with gross margin expansion and lower SG&A expenses both contributing. Operating profit benefited from a shift in the timing of our investments, which now will be reflected in our fourth quarter results. Marcos will address this shortly when he reviews our outlook for the remainder of the year. Adjusted operating income in the Consumer segment increased 8% with minimal impact from currency. In Flavor Solutions, adjusted operating income increased 31% or 32% in constant currency, reflecting our continued focus on restoring Flavor Solutions profitability. Our performance this quarter reflects our commitment to increase our profit realization and positions us well to make continued investments to fuel top line growth. And touching on tax. Our third quarter adjusted effective tax rate was 16.8% compared to 21.4% in the year-ago period. The tax rate benefited from the resolution of an outstanding tax matter dating back several years as well as our state sales mix. As a result, we now expect our tax rate to be approximately 21% for the year, which is slightly better than the 22% rate we had previously provided and reflects the discrete items I just discussed. Our income from unconsolidated operations in the third quarter reflects strong performance in our largest joint venture, McCormick de Mexico. We are the market leader with our McCormick branded mayonnaise, marmalades and mustard product lines in Mexico and the business continues to contribute meaningfully to our net income and operating cash flow results. It is important to note that in the fourth quarter, we will be lapping strong results in the prior year period for McCormick de Mexico. At the bottom line, as shown on Slide 20, third quarter 2024 adjusted earnings per share was $0.83 as compared to $0.65 for the year ago period. This increase was primarily due to our increased operating profit as well as the discrete tax benefits that I mentioned earlier. With that, let me turn the call over to Marcos, who will cover our balance sheet and outlook for 2024.
Marcos Gabriel: Thanks, Mike. On Slide 22, we'll summarize highlights for our cash flow and the quarter-end balance sheet. Through the first nine months of 2024, our cash flow from operations was $463 million compared to $660 million in 2023. The benefit from the increasing earnings year-over-year was more than offset by the impact of cash used for working capital, increased incentive compensation payments and timing of cash tax payments. We returned $338 million of cash to shareholders through dividends and used $189 million for capital expenditures. As a reminder, capital expenditures include projects to increase capacity and capabilities to meet growing demand, advance our digital transformation and optimize our cost structure. Our priority remains to have a balanced use of cash, funding investments to drive growth, return a significant portion to our shareholders through dividends and paying down debt. Importantly, we remain committed to strong investment grade rating and expect our leverage ratio to be below three times for 2024 with another year of strong cash flow driven by profit and working capital initiatives. Now turning to our 2024 financial outlook on Slide 23. Our outlook continues to reflect our prioritized investments in key categories to strengthen volume trends and drive long-term sustainable growth, while appreciating the uncertainty of the consumer environment. Turning to the details. First, currency rates are now expected to have a minimal impact on sales, adjusted operating income and adjusted earnings per share, a change from the previously anticipated unfavorable impact of approximately 1%. At the top line, we continue to expect constant currency net sales to range between a decline of 1% to growth of 1% and anticipate our results will be at the mid to high end of our guidance range. In terms of pricing, we anticipate about a 1% increase for the year, similar to what we said last quarter. In China, our food away from home business, which is included in APAC consumer, continues to be impacted by lower demand. And we now expect China consumer sales to be down slightly compared to 2023 for the full year, while we presently expect it to be flat, and this is reflected within our guidance. While we recognize there has been continued weak demand in China, we continue to believe in the long-term trajectory of the China business. Moving to adjusted operating income. We continue to expect 4% to 6% constant currency growth. Our 2024 gross margin is projected to range between 50 basis points to 100 basis points higher than 2023. This gross margin expansion reflects favorable impacts from pricing, product mix and cost savings from the CCI and GOE programs, partially offset by the anticipated impact of a low single-digit increase in cost inflation and our increased investments. In addition to our gross margin expansion, SG&A benefits from cost savings will be partially offset by investments to drive volume growth, including brand marketing. For the year, we continue to expect our brand marketing spend to increase high single-digits, reflecting a double-digit increase in investment partially offset by CCI savings. In terms of tax, we now expect our tax rate to be approximately 21% for the year, which is slightly better than the 22% rate we had previously provided and reflects the benefit of discrete items Mike mentioned earlier. We continue to expect mid-teens increase in our income from unconsolidated operations, reflecting the strong performance we anticipate in McCormick de Mexico for the year. To summarize, our 2024 adjusted earnings per share projection of $2.85 to $2.90 reflects a 5% to 7% increase compared to 2023 and we anticipate our results will be close to the high end of the range as we benefit from the improved tax rate. As we head into the fourth quarter, let me summarize some of the puts and takes to consider. We expect to drive volume growth in both Consumer and Flavor Solutions and sequential improvement from the third quarter. Pricing is expected to have a slight negative impact with the price investments in our Consumer segment, only partially offset by Flavor Solutions. We expect gross margins to sequentially improve from the third quarter and to be flat relative to the prior year, driven by price a comparable year-over-year Flavor Solutions product mix and planned supply chain investments to support growth. We expect our investments in brand marketing to ramp sequentially from the third quarter and anticipate an increase in SG&A year-over-year related to IT and digital transformation investments shifting into the fourth quarter and I will talk more about these investments at our upcoming Investor Day. As a result, our operating profit will likely be comparable with the prior year due mostly to the time of our investment. However, this remained largely in line with how we had expected our operating profit to perform for the second half of the year. As Brendan noted, we continue to prioritize our investments to drive impactful results. Our return to volume light growth underscores that we are moving in the right direction and we remain confident in the underlying fundamentals of our business and delivering on our 2024 financial outlook and long-term objectives over time.
Brendan Foley: Thank you, Marcos. Before moving to Q&A, I would like to close with our key takeaways on Slide 24. We are pleased with our results for the quarter, especially as it marks an inflection point for total company volumes turning positive. This demonstrates that we are investing in the areas that drive the most value and reinforces our confidence in our plans and long-term objectives. We continue to execute on our strategic roadmap with speed and agility and in alignment with consumer trends, further capitalizing on our attractive categories across segments. In addition, our plans are yielding the expected results. We also continued to expand margins and manage our costs as we are investing in the business. These improvements are led by our favorable product mix and cost savings programs. Our results in the third quarter benefited from the timing of these investments and we continue to expect our second half operating profit results to be in line with our expectations. Our year-to-date performance coupled with our growth plans give us confidence in achieving the mid to high end of our projected constant currency sales growth for 2024. Finally, I want to recognize all McCormick employees for their dedication and contributions, particularly as we navigate this complex environment and reiterate my confidence that together we will continue to drive differentiated results and shareholder value. Now for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We'll now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Please proceed with your questions.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Good morning, everybody.
Brendan Foley: Good morning, Andrew.
Mike Smith: Good morning.
Andrew Lazar: Brendan, it's certainly nice to see the continued sequential volume improvement in consumer, especially in the Americas. I think pricing in consumer was a little less than a point and that was pretty close to where expectations were. But I'm curious if you're seeing the expected magnitude of volume lift right from some of these pricing actions and investments that you've made? And I guess, if you are, would there be a reason maybe to lean in even a little bit further right to keep the momentum going, given you've got some flexibility this year from things like tax rate and some below the line items?
Brendan Foley: Yes. Thanks, Andrew. Let me just maybe lead in with a couple of opening thoughts here. I mean, we do continue to make the right progress, and we're on track with where we expected to be. We turned the corner in our growing volume, which was obviously as we started the year, our goal in the second half of the year. I think importantly, we're outperforming private label and volume across all of our core categories and I do like the progress that we're making in Flavor Solutions especially in this last quarter in the Americas region. Having said that, we're never going to be satisfied. So I think that we still see an opportunity to continue strengthening our plans and execution in the back, the rest of '24 going into '25. But our programs are working and we believe they're delivering the growth that we thought that they would. Just to add context on all those levers that on top of that price gap management that you referred to that we think are really driving our business. It is increased investment in brand marketing and A&P just across all of our core categories. We've launched innovation that's really contributed meaningfully to our performance. And that's been an exciting part because that's a lot more innovation that we launched in 2022 and 2023 which was an important goal that we had here in '24. We're expanding distribution in our core categories. I think we had a really good quarter there in terms of performance as we expected it would start to build. And in terms of pricing, we maintain that price gap management program that we've talked about in the third quarter. It will continue to play out as expected in the fourth quarter too, but it's only a portion of our strategy, but it is yielding I think the results that we expected from that. And I just would add, we're also operating in great categories. So let's not forget that that's also part of the, I think, the strength behind our businesses that we do operate in really strong categories. I do want to say broadly at a global level, we also saw really good performance across the consumer segment at a global level, definitely in EMEA, Australia, Southeast Asia, we just saw broadly good performance, including our spices and seasonings category growing volume across the entire consumer segment for McCormick. Having said all of that, I think our guidance is appropriate, given the dynamic consumer environment. So we're confident in our plans and we will be at that mid to high end of our top line range. But we also have to really, I think, make sure that we reflect what's going on in the environment right now. Hey, China is slightly worse than we expected and it does remain challenging. So we're factoring that into our thinking. QSR trends continue to be a bit uncertain. And so that's kind of factored into our thinking too. And as we go into the fourth quarter, as all of you know, this is the biggest part of the year for us. So we want to make sure that we're balanced and we deliver on our expectations, but it is a big quarter for us.
Andrew Lazar: And that's helpful. Thank you. And then quick one is, I think you mentioned that your sort of prepared foods business in the Americas, which had been weaker was stabilizing and that trends in the sales that you make to other sort of packaged food manufacturers were starting to look a bit better, I think you mentioned. So I guess as it relates to the sort of the industry as a whole right where the big debate is when do we start to see some sort of better volume trends recover and whatnot across the space. Your view into that based on some of the businesses that you've got seemed to suggest maybe that's sort of starting to happen, albeit gradually. I'm curious to get your sense on your view into that aspect. Thank you.
Brendan Foley: Yes. I think and that certainly bridges off of our second quarter call. More or less, our customer plans were performing as expected, which was, we were expecting some improvement compared to the second quarter. And so we believe that largely did start to play out. Our Flavors business in the Americas region, we saw good results across those areas that we consider like high innovator growth customers. So that plays out in categories like Performance Nutrition or alcoholic beverages or nonalcoholic beverages, but we believe we outperformed the category broadly there. And then we did see strength in our branded foodservice business. And that also played into, I think, some of the improvement that we're seeing broadly across Flavor Solutions, the segment. Having said that, QSR traffic was weak and slower than probably we would have expected, but that's speaking back again to that level of uncertainty. However, having said that, we do see our customers being responsive to what's going on in the market and trying to drive volume growth et cetera. So we do think as we go into Q4, that trend should continue broadly that we see sequential improvement from the third quarter.
Andrew Lazar: Thanks so much and see you in a couple of weeks.
Brendan Foley: Great.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Ken Goldman with JPMorgan.
Ken Goldman: Hi and Mike thanks again for everything and we appreciate all your help over the years. Two questions, if I can. Number one, I don't think you quantified, forgive me if you did, the timing of the activities of your customers, how much that benefited 3Q. I think it was largely in Americas Flavor Solutions, but just wanted to clarify that. And you did say that shift will be reflected in 4Q results. Just making sure we should kind of model all of that reversing in 4Q and then I have a follow-up.
Mike Smith: Yes. This is Mike. Yes, as we said in the last call, there's a bit of a positive that was going to come into the third quarter from Q2 and that happened. It wasn't the biggest you know Brendan talked about the really good Flavor Solutions underlying performance and Branded Foodservice and other areas. But that did have a positive impact in Q3, which will kind of normalize in Q4 as we think about year-on-year comparisons.
Ken Goldman: Okay. And then for my follow-up, I know you're -- it's too early to talk about 2025, but I'll take a quick stab anyway. I guess the main question is, I'll give it a shot. Is there any reason to think at this time you won't be on algo? And the reason I'm asking is you have talked volume growth into next year. You kind of reiterated that a little bit today. You previously said you have the right level of investments in place, so I don't expect that to rise. You always have great CCI. So just trying to get a sense, is there anything you're seeing? Obviously, there's hot sauce, there's QSRs, there's China in general that could hold you back, but there's other positives happening as well. So just wanted to get that sense. And then while you're answering it, I'm just curious, what is the underlying EPS algo ex-M&A? I mean many years ago, you said that the combination of M&A and repo would contribute around 2% in the average year to EPS, but I wasn't sure how you broke that down today. So hopefully that makes sense. Thank you.
Brendan Foley: Well, that last follow-up question, I like to have maybe a few buried in there. So I'm going to do my best to remember everything, but I'm going to ask Mike and Marcos to help me out with this. Yes, we're not prepared to talk about '25 guidance at this point. So although in Investor Day, we feel like we'll share more context about how we're looking at the future and how we think about overall performance and what will drive our long-term volume growth, which is something that we've historically done. And so we'll spend some time talking about our view into what will be those drivers as we look from a long-term perspective. And when I think about what's going well in '24 and why should it continue in '25, it's just we believe that these are the right programs and the right things to do in our business. And these are things that we believe is part of just doing a good job and delivering growth within our categories. Mike, do you want to add anything else on the EPS question?
Mike Smith: Yes, I would just add too, as we, if you go back to guidance early or late in January in CAGNY, the things we talked about making investments this year to really drive the second half volume growth, which we're attaining. We're happy with the performance, not totally satisfied, as Brendan said. We'd love to do more, but build that momentum into 2025. There's uncertainty in the economic market, as there always is, but we feel like we're well positioned. And I think you'll hear more from Investor Day, which would be in three weeks.
Brendan Foley: Yes, that's right.
Ken Goldman: Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Peter Galbo with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Peter Galbo: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Brendan Foley: Good morning, Peter.
Peter Galbo: Thanks for taking the questions. And Mike thanks again. Maybe to follow-up on Ken's question just around this year. The gross margin guidance, I think, we're getting questions this morning. Just you're up 125 basis points year-to-date. Obviously, you didn't move the gross margin guidance higher. And maybe there's some timing factors there. But just trying to understand if there's maybe a bit of conservatism in there as well and why that rate of change just wouldn't kind of continue through the fourth quarter.
Mike Smith: Yes. If you think about it and some perspective here, we talked about this year in half a lot, first half, second half. And because, as you know, a quarter can such a small unit of measure, sometimes you get some moves. But so we try to keep it pretty high level in half this year. And we've seen really good sequential improvement first half into second half. And actually, by quarter, it's gone that way too. We see the fourth quarter actually higher gross margin than the third quarter, which is our normal trend. So we're really happy with that. Year-on-year, you always get a little mix sometimes that happens. We talk about normalizing mix versus last year in the Flavor Solutions side, not necessarily from third to fourth quarter, but from fourth quarter of this year to last year. Marcos highlighted some of the supply chain investments and I'll let him talk about that in a second. And there's a slight pricing quarter year-on-year comparison there that puts a little bit of pressure, not a whole lot. But why don't you talk a little bit about that?
Marcos Gabriel: Yes. So you think about the gross margin and the puts and takes between Q3 and Q4. We're thinking about Q4 as more of a normalized Flavor Solutions product mix than Q3. So we think about it that way. We're also thinking about some of the supply chain investments that we had planned for the year around building capacity, particularly around the heat platform that we have continued to invest in the platform will be impacting Q4 more so than the rest of the year. So that is an impact there. And also, I would say that in a little of pricing, we're going to have a slightly negative pricing in consumer going into Q4 offset by partially offset by Flavor Solutions, but there's going to be a little bit of that negative impact through pricing as we continue to invest back in the business to drive top line growth. So there are some elements between Q3 and Q4. As Mike said, some puts and takes between the two quarters. I think if you look at the second half profitability it's very much in line with what we expected before.
Brendan Foley: And you'll hear us today talk about Investor Day about 10 times, but this heat investments that we're making in supply chain, I think you'll be excited to see the potential, as we've talked about in the past on heat, but it's really driving a lot of our growth, which is great.
Peter Galbo: Okay. Great. Thanks for that. And then maybe just pivoting. Brendan, I wanted to ask you on China specifically. I think maybe you spent some time there earlier this year and the market at least seems to be rewarding China exposed stocks in the past week or so on the back of some of the macro there. Just curious kind of get your perspectives on if there is some kind of stimulus policy in China, how you're thinking about improved consumer demand or improved consumer psyche there. Any perspectives would be helpful. Thanks very much.
Brendan Foley: Sure, Peter. On China, we do expect the environment there. It's going to remain broadly challenged. And we do expect our business probably to be down slightly in '24. So just for the sake of clarity, I mean, that's the outlook that we're looking at for the balance of our year. But when you reference, I think, this latest news on stimulus, I'm just not in a position to sort of predict the impact of that. I will say though in previous actions that have been taken in terms of in the country regarding stimulus, I don't know that they've necessarily had a material impact on our sort of the consumption in our business. And so at this moment, right now, we believe that they'll just continue to make sequentially good progress. It's just not the speed we thought it might happen. And by the way, we didn't plan on a lot, I think, this year in China to begin with. So it's just a little bit, it's more muted than we expected. And I think given the latest economic news out of the country, we're still waiting to see what kind of impact that might have.
Peter Galbo: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Alexia Howard with Bernstein. Please proceed with your questions.
Alexia Howard: Good morning, everyone.
Brendan Foley: Good morning.
Mike Smith: Good morning.
Alexia Howard: Hi. So can I ask about the margin recovery in Flavor Solutions. I think you mentioned that it may have been driven partially by product mix. I'm just wondering how much more runway there is for continued improvement on that side and specifically what the mix driver was?
Mike Smith: Yes, Alexia. You think about our long-term journey on Flavor Solutions and we've talked about portfolio migration in the past and more recently. And as you think about the things that are higher margin within that portfolio, Branded Foodservice, as Brendan mentioned, had a really good quarter gaining share, driving growth some of the categories within flavors, which we're gaining share in Performance Nutrition and things like that again lean to the higher margin side of things. So it's a little indication of a proof point of our vision to move these margins higher as we migrate the portfolio. Considering with the CCI, as someone mentioned CCI before again another bedrock. We've taken you know we approved Flavor Solutions margins in the last two years through our CCI and our global operating effectiveness program, continue that CCI journey there. We'll talk about that more at Investor Day too. So, yes, I think we're very positive on Flavor Solutions longer term. Quarter-to-quarter, it's going to, we've talked about this business sometimes being lumpy. I think we've got to come up with another word since I'll be leaving, but volatile. But again there is a room for margin improvement here.
Marcos Gabriel: And also just add to that, Mike, for me as we continue to grow the business, we'll see leverage coming through the P&L and that is also going to impact our margins going forward.
Alexia Howard: Great. Thank you. And then just a follow-up. You mentioned Branded Foodservice being a big driver of the margin improvement on the Flavor Solutions side. Is that because traffic is improving in the quick service restaurants as their value menus are picking up? Or is it something different that's happening? I think you mentioned share gains? Just trying to get a flavor for what's happening on the Branded Foodservice side and what's driving that? Thank you.
Brendan Foley: Alexia, to give you a flavor of that, just to repeat the pun a little bit. The drivers on Branded Foodservice have less to do with traffic trends. In fact we see them quite subdued still at this point in time, and they have been for the last even in the second quarter when we reported, we saw just depressed trends from a traffic perspective in most sort of segments within foodservice. The driver of our growth seems to be or it is gaining share, gaining more tabletop placements on things like Frank's RedHot. And just broadly, I think winning in the marketplace with our full platform of both spices and seasonings and also condiments and sauces. And so we like the programs that we drive and that we run. And often what you'll see, I think, in that business is we're doing a lot of limited time offers with our brands. So brands like Cholula or Frank's RedHot tend to be brands that we've seen operators like to use as leverage as ways of driving interest and excitement on their menu because those are obviously flavors that are quite appealing to consumers. And so we're seeing that part of our Branded Foodservice business pick up even a little bit more because we've been running a lot more of those types of programs and promotions with our customer base. So it's really doing well in a tough marketplace, I think, is broadly the answer I would give.
Alexia Howard: Perfect. Thank you very much. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Max Gumport with BNP Paribas. Please proceed with your question.
Max Gumport: Hey, thanks for the question. Just to follow-up on Flavor Solutions margin. So you had a very strong quarter, up 300 basis points year-over-year. I think it's the highest margin we've seen for that segment since the pandemic started. And by our math and the few assumptions we're making, it would seem like the guidance for the full year implies you have a pretty big step back in 4Q in Flavor Solutions margins. It sounds like product mix is one headwind you're seeing on the horizon, although it wasn't clear to me if you're saying product mix was abnormal in 4Q '23 and it's a tough compare or abnormal in 3Q '24. I mean you take a step back towards a more normal mix in 4Q '24. But I'm curious if there's any other factors you're seeing on the horizon? Or this is really just some conservatism for the volatility and lumpiness of the segment? Thanks.
Mike Smith: Thanks. Yes, I'd say it's more balanced, honestly. I mean again quarter-to-quarter, you're going to get some variability here. If you look back at the fourth quarter last year, as I mentioned before, the kind of compare and mix, it's normalizing. Supply chain investments, I think, honestly, if you think about it, supply chain investments, the things we're doing on heat Marcos talked about, impact Flavor Solutions. It's a smaller sales base too, so you probably get more of a gross margin impact. But for the year, going back to your comment, we're on plan. We're happy with the margin improvement there.
Marcos Gabriel: But overall, I mean, our operating profit should -- margin should improve for the full year versus last year. So we are going to continue to make that sequential improvement in terms of operating margin. So we've increased margins by 200 basis points 2023 versus 2022 and that will continue to drive operating margin up for the full year as we had planned before.
Max Gumport: Great. Thanks. And then turning to hot sauce in the US. So it sounds like it remains a challenge. You're still seeing pressure from peers' trial size package offerings. It sounds like also that you're pleased with the initial reaction to your own trial size packages. But can you just give us an update on what you're seeing there? What you expect from your action plans over the coming quarters? Thanks very much. I'll leave it there.
Brendan Foley: Yes. Max, yes, thank you for the question on hot sauce. Hot sauce is an attractive category. There's new competition always entering the category. So that's something that we sort of deal with all the time. And but we as I said in the prepared remarks, we really do like the underlying health of our base business and just continued strong consumer loyalty. And this is also part of our portfolio that's also receiving a fair amount of increased investment. But there is one thing that's really, I think, impacting from a share perspective, just two particular things going on in the marketplace. A peer of ours is lapping a big supply chain constraint from the prior year, which hasn't affected our business as much, but definitely affect theirs. And so we're seeing that volume return back under their label. But also, we're seeing a lot of surge in unit volume from these mini trial sizes, which we were able to participate in or begin to participate in the third quarter. Our units are holding up well in this category too. So there is a fair amount of noise going on in the hot sauce category. And so when we look at those minis, just to give you some more perspective around that, we're seeing a lot of pickup in velocity. What it's doing is it's helping us drive trial on new flavors. I think we have sriracha in there, and we also have a creamy buffalo sauce. Both were super good. But at a dollar, these are really low price points for consumers to just really, it lowers the barrier to trial. And so we've seen a nice pickup in velocity on those mini trial sizes and expect that obviously to be a positive part of our portfolio or that brand assortment that we'll have moving forward. I also do want to draw attention to. We have strongly acceptance on our overall innovation like our Frank's RedHot Squeeze products that are coming out, Frank's Dill Pickle Hot Sauce. These are items from an innovation perspective and then kind of rolling out in the market in the back half of this year and we like the performance that we've seen there. So we'll continue to work through that. We believe we'll have better performance as we move towards the end of 2024 sequentially improved versus the third quarter. But this is an area that we get a lot of attention to and it's an exciting area in the store.
Max Gumport: Thanks very much. Very helpful.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Steve Powers with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Stephen Powers: Yes, hi, good morning.
Brendan Foley: Good morning, Steve.
Stephen Powers: Just the first question on the planned ramp in marketing and advertising support that you called out and that's implied in the fourth quarter guidance. I'm curious as to sort of how much of that is just more intense programming around holidays and sort of specific to stimulating 4Q demand versus maybe more everyday programming that has maybe a more durable ROI in '25?
Brendan Foley: Well, when you think about the fourth quarter and our posture walking into the fourth quarter, I think maybe a good way to think about it is, we still have the same level of programs and activity that's been driving our business results. And we expect that will continue in its strength going into the fourth quarter. So we're not pulling back or anything like that. But we like the progress and the results that we're getting across the portfolio with those investments and those plans and programs. It's also our big holiday season quarter. And we really do believe we have very strong holiday plan setup with our customers. And so this is an area that we expect to have really good performance in the holiday. And so that obviously is a tick up when you think about it sequentially from the third quarter and that's something to be expected.
Mike Smith: But some of this, as you mentioned, every day we talked about Frank's RedHot Sauce early in the year turning that on every day, so that's a change we made earlier this year.
Stephen Powers: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you for that. And then I know this is very new, but the dock workers' strike that's in news this morning. I guess from your perspective, I'm assuming that if it's relatively short lived, the impact is relatively manageable. But from the outside, how long if this extends, how long before this becomes a more material issue for you based on your current visibility inventory levels?
Brendan Foley: Thanks for the question on this, Steve. On the East Coast port strike, from an inbound supply planning perspective for us, we've been contingency planning on this on the potential for this since like April of this year. We really have been thinking about this as maybe something that could happen. And so we've been planning our actions around that possibility. We've also coordinated mitigation plans with our domestic suppliers because they might be counting on inbound supply coming from outside the United States. So we believe we've mitigated most of those risks with the strike now officially occurring. But we believe we're broadly covered. We are monitoring it daily, though, just to make sure that we don't have any interruption of supply, but we feel like we planned for this. Overall, though, we encourage both sides to work through this as productively as they can and with pace because this is something obviously that we don't want to see have a long extended event. But that -- those were our thoughts right now on that and we're going to watch it closely like everyone else.
Stephen Powers: Okay. Thank you very much. Appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Rob Dickerson with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Rob Dickerson: Great. Thanks so much. Just two quick ones. I guess first one is just kind of wanted to get maybe a little bit more color on Q4 because I think kind of around midpoint of the EPS implied guide, it looks like it's down about 15% year-over-year. But at the same time, it sounds like maybe sales could be a little bit better sequentially like relative to what we're seeing in Q3 and then the comments around gross margin, seems like gross margin a little bit more normalized, but still better than Q3, maybe flat year-over-year. So kind of what's implied, everything we're talking about, right, is like SG&A should be up a decent amount. And then I guess there is a little bit of implied tax rate headwind, but then also like income from unconsolidated clearly has been up like 50% year-over-year, year-to-date versus the mid-teens guide. So I'm just trying to kind of gauge like what's the core driver of that year-over-year absolute EPS implied decline in Q4 and it sounds like it's SG&A. Thanks.
Mike Smith: Yes, I think you kind of walked the P&L very well highlighting kind of the squeeze there. We talked about the SG&A investments we're making and that was a timing shift in some of the supply chain investments. Just to touch on tax and unconsolidated really briefly and I'll let Marcos then cover a little bit of the other stuff. But the tax, so a little bit of a headwind after some pretty large favorables that we talked about in the call, which were more timing related, but we did call the tax rate down for the whole year by 1%. But unconsolidated, really great performance by McMex continues. We're lapping a really great performance in the fourth quarter of last year, but also the pace that hits the value pretty significantly. So I think that's part of the reason that it may look wonky to you on that line. But maybe I'll turn it to Marcos to talk a little bit more about the P&L.
Marcos Gabriel: Yes, yes. So we talked about the top line, I mean, sequentially improving from Q3 into Q4. We gave the mid to high double the range in terms of the full year. But that means if you think about Q4, it's going to improve both in Consumer and Flavor Solutions from Q3. The same applies to gross margin. Even gross margin is going to continue to improve sequentially from Q3 into Q4. If you compare with prior year, it's going to be flat, given the reasons that I mentioned before in terms of the investments that we're making in supply chain, the normalization of the mix a bit on the Flavor Solutions side, and some of the pricing that within Consumer that's going to be partially offset by Flavor Solutions. So that's how we see the gross margin coming into Q4. On SG&A, we had some investments that shifted from Q3 to Q4 as well, particularly around IT and digital transformation. As you know, we have a digital transformation journey across the company. I'm going to be commenting more about that at the Investor Day. But we see some investments in Q4 around digital marketing. In terms of data analytics, we are putting a hub around data analytics to serve the business as well as some efficiencies across manufacturing. Some of the investments that we're making in terms of digital transformation that is really kind of a lending in Q4. So that's a little bit of that impact that you see. But operating profit is going to be comparable to last year, so for Q4. And those are kind of the puts and takes that we see from Q3 to Q4.
Mike Smith: I think the other thing, Rob, I mean, if you get to the fourth quarter, again, it's one quarter out of four. It's the biggest quarter. Again, it's a little bit of a squeeze play. So we've already, in essence, narrowed the sales by going mid to high earlier in the year, we've kind of said zero to 1% in essence. We've never gone below 1% of the spread in the fourth quarter. So it's just you get a little bit into that, you get a math exercise. So the range is maybe a little bit more than you'd like. But I think you've understood that in the past.
Rob Dickerson: Yes, yes, yes. All very helpful. Very clear. And then maybe just one easy follow-up. I just I heard you kind of mentioned a couple of times throughout the call kind of that, let's call it, more little IT, digital transformation spend, right? I mean, it doesn't sound like that's like the lion's share of like what's coming in Q4. Maybe there's some timing shift. And I also respect the fact that you're not talking '25 and probably don't even want to talk long-term. That's for the Investor Day. But is there like something more to that? Is that like a, yes, I mean, there could be a little bit more of kind of an investment program around kind of a bigger piece of kind of where we're viewing the digital IT side and that could be ongoing for a little bit or is that like, no, that's just a Q4 thing? That's all. Thanks.
Marcos Gabriel: Yes, we're going to be talking more about our digital transformation journey at the Investor Day, Rob. And in Q4, particularly around continuing to drive investments that can sustain our top line performance, digital marketing is one of them that we're going to be continuing to do that in Q4 particularly and others as I mentioned in the call. So it's too early to get into specifics for 2025. We're going to impact the long-term plans as part of the Investor Day and we're going to be covering all our digital transformation program at that point.
Rob Dickerson: All right. Great. Cool. See you there. Thank you so much.
Marcos Gabriel: Okay. See you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Robert Moskow with TD Cowen. Please proceed with your question.
Robert Moskow: Hi, thanks. Maybe I'll just clean up a couple of things. The FX no longer being a headwind and also this discrete tax benefit. When you add all that together, is that like an $0.08 benefit versus your prior expectations? You raised guidance by $0.05. I'm just wondering if I'm doing the math right or if it's not material.
Brendan Foley: Well, there's a lot of circularity in anything when you look at these things with other programs too, incentive comp and things like that. So we've kind of moved it in essence due to the tax reason due to FX kind of that $0.05 really reflects that.
Robert Moskow: Okay. And another question on third quarter, did brand investment increase high single-digit in third quarter similar to your guidance for the year? I don't remember hearing about it in the comments.
Mike Smith: We've talked about this again in halves, Rob. I mean the first half heavy investment. Second half, we talked about moving the dollars up third and the fourth, which we're doing. So we haven't really talked about if it's up quarter-on-quarter.
Robert Moskow: Okay. So just the guidance is for the halves, not for the quarters?
Mike Smith: Well, actually for the year.
Robert Moskow: For the year overall?
Mike Smith: It gives insight into the half, yes.
Robert Moskow: Okay. And then finally, as you head into 2025, it would appear that there's not a lot of room for additional pricing. But I believe that the long-term algo includes some pricing assumptions. And given we've been in this hyperinflation environment for a couple of years, and now it's kind of come to a screeching halt, is there any reason to think that the pricing lever is kind of off for until further notice? And how do you think about that in terms of your long-term algo? Thanks.
Brendan Foley: Rob, I'll open up with maybe a couple of thoughts here and then ask Mike to wrap it up. But in our long-term algorithm, I think, we've always talked about there very well might be a little bit of price in those long-term objectives. I don't think we're in a position to say today like whether or not anything has sort of materially changed in our outlook there. But as we deal with sort of the near end 2024 perspective, I mean, clearly, we've made some decisions there in order to make sure that we get back to healthy top line, sorry, healthy volume growth pretty quickly. Predicting the future from an inflation standpoint or how it will play out pricing, I think, it's a bit challenging unless we're speaking just in broad terms regarding the long-term algorithm. Mike, do you want to add anything there?
Mike Smith: Yes. I think too there's been a lot of focus, deservedly so in things like price gap management this year for us and others. I think of these things as long-term revenue management, category management initiatives, which we've really invested in and continue to drive. And some of the things Marcos talked about in fourth quarter investment continue to get closer to understanding cannibalization of product lines, innovation, how it impacts, what price does. So I think we think we're really close to best-in-class in this area and really going to continue that into next year. So I think you always have to have that pricing tool in your toolbox because commodities may go up or down, freight costs may go up because of the dock price -- the dock strike. We don't know that right now. So you have to have that lever. And we've been really good with our customers about making sure we pass on cost increases versus margin -- keeping margin. And we've been very, I think we won a lot of trust from both our Flavor Solutions and Consumer customers there. And we'll look at that into the future. I'm sure Marcos will carry that banner going forward.
Marcos Gabriel: What I would add is that, in addition to that, pricing is a lever that will continue to be part of our long-term algo. I mean we have -- we look at P&L holistically right? And we think about our CCI program working for us and it has been working for us over the last so many years, and will continue to work for us in the future. So that is kind of the first lever that we go about is like using the CCI as a way of funding the investments that we need to continue to drive top line growth. So it's always a mix about all these levers about a little bit of pricing, the CCI coming through the top line, it's very important to top line volume coming through. So all those levers, we kind of manage from a more holistic standpoint, I would say.
Robert Moskow: That's great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your questions.
Adam Samuelson: Yes. Thank you. Good morning, everyone. A lot of grounds has been covered. I wanted to maybe come back to spices and seasonings in the US if I may. I think you kind of you alluded to your consumption growth outpacing private label in the quarter. But notably didn't necessarily say the category isn't really what we would see in Nielsen either. And I'm wondering if you could talk about kind of the share environment in that category. And maybe outperforming private label, but there are some smaller brands that continue to grow pretty rapidly. And just how you think about the competitive positioning and how maybe the assortment or price points in that category maybe still have some adjustment to do or if there's adjustment needed to respond to some of the smaller brands which are growing.
Brendan Foley: Adam, from a perspective of that category, what we're seeing right now is we're doing quite nicely especially from a volume perspective across that part of our business. And on checkout whether or not we're growing share in that particular metric. But what we're seeing broadly in the category is, as we have a very broad offering across the category, we think we compete quite well with all different forms of competitors in what is an attractive category for people to enter. And so that is something that I would just give you. We always have sort of dealt with smaller competitors and at the same time private label. So this doesn't feel like we have any sort of really new dynamic going on as we kind of take a look at the performance of the third quarter. What you're seeing is McCormick really focused on capturing what is healthy category growth in the consumer and making sure that we're growing both unit and volume measures across our business. Now we're also growing TDPs or total distribution points, across this part of our, well frankly, across all of our core categories. But we're also seeing a nice distribution point gain across the whole portfolio, so we believe that's also helping us. But these are the perspectives I think I would share right now in terms of our third quarter performance and as we go into the fourth quarter.
Adam Samuelson: Okay. That's helpful. And if I could just ask a quick follow-up just on cash flow. I know last year there was -- working capital was a big source of cash for the full year. Just year-to-date, it's been a decent sized use of cash. I know fourth quarter is generally a big working capital reversal. Is there an expectation that working capital is a source or use of cash for the full year once the book is closed?
Mike Smith: Yes, fourth quarter is our strongest cash flow quarter, as you know. It's interesting. We talked about some of the drivers of why we're a little short year-to-date versus prior year. One of those drivers is working capital. And Brendan alluded to the port strike, and part of that is due to us, some of our contingency planning that he mentioned to make sure we were ready. So that should naturally hopefully unwind, but we're still expecting a strong cash flow year.
Adam Samuelson: All right. That's helpful. I'll pass it on. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question is from the line of Tom Palmer with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Thomas Palmer: Hi. Thanks for the question. I wanted to ask on the SG&A step-up here coming in 4Q. Is there a particular segment where we're going to see this most apparently? And I'm really just trying to get kind of operating profit on a segment basis. You got flattish overall, but is there one area where maybe we'll see more growth than the other?
Marcos Gabriel: Not specifically. It's going to be across both segments, Consumer and Flavor Solutions, yes.
Thomas Palmer: Okay. Thanks. And on the unconsolidated operations, what maybe the answer is just a little conservatism. But the level of growth this year, close to 50%. I know the comparison is a lot tougher in 4Q. But when we look at the run rate of the past couple of quarters, is there anything notable to call out that could trigger incremental earnings pressure or again, is the reiteration just more with respect to thinking about last year's 4Q being so strong?
Mike Smith: Well, I think it's that and I mentioned before the FX, I mean, the pesos dancing around 20 now versus 17.5 this last year. So that's a pretty material impact as we translate their earnings back to our P&L.
Thomas Palmer: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And at this time, I'll turn the floor back to management for closing remarks.
Faten Freiha: Thank you and thanks to all for joining today's call. If you have any further questions regarding today's information, please feel free to contact me. That concludes our conference call for this morning.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-06-27 08:00:00) =====
Faten Freiha: Good morning. This is Faten Freiha, VP of Investor Relations. Thank you for joining today's Second Quarter Earnings Call. To accompany this call, we've posted a set of slides on our IR website, ir.mccormick.com. With me this morning are Brendan Foley, President and CEO; Mike Smith, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Marcos Gabriel, Senior Vice President, Global Finance and Capital Markets. During this call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. The nature of those non-GAAP financial measures and the related reconciliations to the GAAP results are included in this morning's press release and slides. In our comments, certain percentages are rounded. Please refer to our presentation for complete information. Today's presentation contains projections and other forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from those projected. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether because of new information, future events or other factors. Please refer to our forward-looking statement on Slide 2 for more information. I will now turn the discussion over to Brendan.
Brendan Foley: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. We are pleased with our second quarter performance, particularly as we continue to navigate a changing and complex consumer landscape. Our differentiated results demonstrate the success of our prioritized investments to accelerate volume trends and further capitalize on the underlying growth of our categories. McCormick remains a growth company, and 2024 continues to be an important investment year. As planned, as we have activated many of our initiatives and we are starting to see results that support our confidence in delivering on our long-term objectives. This morning, I will begin my remarks with an overview of our second quarter results focusing on the top-line drivers. Next, I will provide perspective on industry trends, highlight some areas of success as well as areas we continue to work on, and review our growth plans with a focus on innovation. Mike will then go into more depth on the second quarter financial results and review our 2024 outlook. And finally, before your questions, I will have some closing comments. Turning now to our results on Slide 4. In the second quarter, sales declined by 1% in constant currency, reflecting flat pricing, and a 1% decline in volume and product mix. Volume growth in our Consumer segment was offset by declines in Flavor Solutions related to softness in some of our quick serve restaurant, or QSR, and packaged food customers volumes as well as the timing of customer activities, as expected. Although certain parts of our Flavor Solutions business are pressured, given our collaboration and strong innovation pipeline with our customers, we expect volume trends to improve during the second half of the year. In our Consumer segment, volumes improved substantially from the first quarter across our major markets and delivered volume growth. In the Americas, we delivered solid sequential volume improvement for three consecutive quarters, and our pricing in the second quarter reflects the activation of our price gap management plans to support improved volumes in the second half, as planned. In EMEA, we drove positive volume growth across our major markets and core categories for the second consecutive quarter. We expanded distribution in the grocery, discounter and e-commerce channels, and realized benefits from new product innovation. In Asia Pacific, outside of China, we delivered strong volume-led sales growth, as we executed the rollout of our new consumer preferred packaging for our core spices and seasonings portfolio and realized distribution gains. This performance was tempered by China as expected, although sequentially volume trends improved in China. Results in our Consumer business reflect continued focus on increased brand marketing investments, accelerating innovation in alignment with consumer trends, and expanding distribution. Let me now share our current view on the state of the consumer. Consumers continue to exhibit value seeking behavior. Financial anxiety remains elevated, particularly in the United States, and especially with mid- to low-income households due to the compounding impact of inflation. In addition, inflation in the foodservice channel is leading to softness in food away-from-home consumption and impacting restaurant traffic, particularly with QSRs across many of our regions. Volumes on the retail side, particularly in the center of store, remained soft. Consumers continue to buy just for what they need and make more frequent trips to the store. On the other hand, they are increasingly shopping the perimeter and continuing to cook at home. Certain categories such as spices and seasonings as well as condiments and sauces are seeing a benefit amid these trends. As consumers are looking to stretch their budgets, our categories represent a fraction of the cost relative to proteins, produce, and carbs and drive the majority of the flavor. In fact, in the second quarter, spices and seasonings was the top category in center store growth across measured channels. And McCormick is the leading branded player and driving category unit growth. What continues to differentiate McCormick is that we operate in great categories across all channels. We offer products at every price point, from premium to lower price points. We have a broad and diversified portfolio to meet evolving consumer demands. We are part of the solution for consumers. Importantly, we believe that we have the right plans in place that are continually informed by what matters most to our consumers and customers. Moving to Slide 5, let me highlight for the quarter some of the key areas of our success. For our global Consumer segment, including the Americas, our core categories delivered solid volume growth. In spices and seasonings, we delivered volume growth across all of our major markets. In the US, our share performance improved, resulting in positive gains in unit share for the quarter. In addition, we drove dollar share gains in France and Eastern Europe. In recipe mixes, we continued to strengthen consumption trends in the Americas, particularly in our Mexican product lines, through our price gap management investments as well as distribution growth. In addition, in EMEA, recipe mixes were a significant driver of UK volume growth and we realized dollar market share gains for two consecutive quarters. In mustard, we are driving improved unit consumption and unit market share trends across our regions. In the Americas we expanded distribution and actioned our pricing investments. In addition, innovation is yielding results. Our creamy dill fickle mustard performance is exceeding our expectations. In Poland, mustard consumption continues to grow and we are realizing dollar market share gains, which strengthened from the first quarter. In Flavor Solutions, we had pockets of strength this quarter. In our Americas Branded Foodservice business, despite softness in the overall market, we grew volumes. In our Americas Flavors business, our performance with high-growth innovator customers remained strong. We grew in non-alcoholic beverages and saw continued strength in performance nutrition. In Asia Pacific, including China, we drove strong volume growth as we benefited from new customer products and promotions. Let me now touch on some areas where we are seeing some pressure. We continue to experience volume declines in the prepared food categories that we participate in, like frozen and Asian and Americas consumer. Importantly, these items represent a small part of our portfolio and the volume growth in our core categories is beginning to fully offset these declines. In hot sauce, we have underlying strength in our base business and strong consumer loyalty, and we continue to invest in our market-leading brands. In the Americas, consumption and share trends improved in the second quarter on top of our first quarter improvement. A couple of short-term items continue to impact our share. First, [as appears] (ph) that is lapping their own supply chain disruptions, and second, new price pack architecture in the form of trial sizes, which have been incremental to the category. As we realize the benefit of our increased innovation, including Frank's new Dip'n sauces and Squeeze bottles, as well as mini trial sizes, A&P investments and distribution expansion, we expect to drive improved hot sauce consumption trends in the second half of 2024. In Flavor Solutions, our volumes were impacted by slower QSR traffic in both EMEA and the Americas. We expect to improve these volume trends as we continue to execute on our growth plans in the second half of the year. Finally, some of our consumer packaged food customers experienced additional softness in volumes within their own business in both the Americas and EMEA. We are collaborating with our customers to support their innovation plans and we are continuing to diversify our customer base over time. Before moving to our growth plans, I'd like to note that our total US Branded portfolio consumption, as indicated by Circana data and combined with unmeasured channels, outpaced our sales growth this quarter, as our brand investments drove improved consumption and we are lapping the increased shipments that came in ahead of the 2023 pricing actions of the prior year. This is a function of timing from quarter-to-quarter. Let's now move to our growth plans on Slide 6, which are supporting our second quarter performance and will continue to drive our success in 2024 and into 2025. Our base business is strengthening across major markets and core categories, and we have a number of initiatives in flight that will continue to drive this performance and differentiation. And I look forward to sharing more details on these plans at our upcoming Investor Day in October. Brand marketing, new products and packaging innovation, category management, proprietary technologies and customer engagement continue to be the levers that drive our growth. For today, I'd like to take the opportunity to highlight one of these levers, innovation, on Slide 7 and 8. First, it's important to recognize that we are one of the few, if not the only company that operates in end to end flavor with both our Consumer and Flavor Solutions segments. We are in a unique position with our portfolio's breadth and reach. Our shared insights give us a strong understanding of consumers' flavor needs, preferences and trends. And we have the ability to translate this into innovation, making McCormick a global leader in flavor trends and flavor innovation. Innovation is a priority for us. It drives one-third of our long-term algorithm. It meaningfully contributed to our results for the first half of 2024, and we expect it to drive strong performance in the second half. As a management team, we discussed the latest trends and insights and how those might translate into innovation in both segments. We are continuously leading the pursuit of what's next in flavor. In our company, everyone is engaged in innovation. In the first half of the year, our results benefited from new products and packaging and the performance of these launches continues to improve. Importantly, our pipeline for the remainder of the year remains robust. In our Consumer segment, our renovated US everyday urban spice portfolio is fully shipped, and roughly two-thirds of our new packaging is currently on shelf, driving double-digit velocity gains and contributing to our strong volume improvement in spices and seasonings. New products within our spices and seasonings portfolio, including Lawry's new seasoning blends, Flavor Maker blend, and our exciting grilling portfolio of Stubb's rubs and new Grill Mates seasonings blends in partnership with Max the Meat Guy fuel first-half results and are expected to accelerate our performance in the second-half. In fact, in 2024, we are launching nearly 4 times more grilling rubs and seasonings compared to 2023. Importantly, our grilling season, which kicked-off at the end of second quarter is off to a great start. In addition to our grilling blends and rubs, we are excited about early results from Frank's RedHot Dip'n sauce and popular flavors in the Squeeze bottle format that we launched this year. We are energized for the grilling season and expect our [Flame & Flavor] (ph) marketing campaign that launched in the second quarter to drive incremental consumer demand. Our Cholula salsas and recipe mixes that launched in 2023 are driving new buyers to the category and continue to exceed our expectations since launch. Cholula salsas are driving strong incremental category growth with our high repeat buy rates and our Cholula recipe mixes are a top recipe mix brand after just one year in the market. They are driving the second highest unit growth within the category. We continue to build US distribution and we are launching both formats in Canada this year. In EMEA, growth from new product sales is accelerating and we expect it to drive significant growth in the second half of the year. In the UK, across recipe mixes and seasonings, our Schwartz range with Nadiya Hussain, restaurant-branded partnerships and a range of classic American recipe mixes with Frank's, OLD BAY and French's are driving our innovation performance and expanding household penetration with younger consumers. In France, we are collaborating with Juan Arbelaez, a celebrity Colombian French chef, to drive engagement with younger households. And recently we partnered with him to launch a range of unique and delicious Ducros barbecue seasonings in time for the summer barbecue season. Moving now to our Flavor Solutions segment, we continue to leverage our proprietary technologies to support our innovation in flavors, to win new customers, diversify our customer base and drive share gains across our portfolio. Our momentum with our high-growth innovator and consumer products' customers continues to be strong and fuel our new product pipeline. As we look to our innovation pipeline that we support for our customers, we expect to pick up in the back half of the year. We are collaborating with many customers to heat up their products from snacking to beverages to performance nutrition. Our win rate with heat briefs are strong across our regions and we continue to dedicate resources to where we have the right to win. In Branded Foodservice, our 2023 launches, including Frank's Mild Wings Sauce and Frank's Nashville Hot, are delivering strong results in the first half of the year. Our early 2024 launches are also contributing to our growth and include a number of e-products like Grill Mates Fiery Habanero and Cholula Chili Lime. Looking ahead to the second half, we expect new products to meaningfully drive our top-line, and importantly, we have a strong innovation agenda, including launching Frank's Garlic Buffalo and Mango Habanero in the Americas, as well as Frank's RedHot Mayo in the UK and France, and we are further extending McCormick Mayonesa, which has had great performance in our Consumer segment into the foodservice channel. Overall, we are very excited about our innovation plans for 2024. We expect new product performance to be in-line with our long-term objectives and to drive a meaningful portion of our volume growth. In addition, in the second half of the year, sales from new products are expected to nearly double compared to the first half, and a meaningful portion of this innovation is in heat. Heat-infused products span our portfolio. Across both segments, we expect heat to continue to be a long-term growth accelerator globally for total McCormick. We are uniquely positioned to win in heat with our global iconic brands, deep consumer insights and our meaningful scale, technology and expertise that we have been building for decades. As we look ahead, we are maintaining our outlook for 2024. Mike will share more of the details. At a high level, we continue to expect our top-line to be at the mid- to high-end of our guidance range given the momentum we saw in the first half of the year, particularly in our Consumer segment. We are confident in our initiatives and we have provided proof points of where they are working. That said, we also remain prudent and continue to reflect the uncertainty in the consumer environment in our outlook for 2024. To wrap up, let me reiterate three key points. The long-term trends that fuel our categories, consumer interest in healthy flavorful cooking, flavor exploration and trusted brands continues to be very strong, and importantly, consumer interest in cooking remains strong. We remain dedicated to accelerating our volume trends. We refine and adapt our plans as needed and are prioritizing our investments to drive impactful results and return to sustainable volume-led growth, and you should continue to expect improvement over the coming year and into 2025 and beyond. We believe the execution of our growth plans will be a win for consumers, customers, our categories and McCormick, which will continue to differentiate and strengthen our leadership. Now, before Mike's remarks, I'd like to speak to the management transition. As you likely know, last night we announced Mike's decision to retire at the end of February. Mike has been an exceptional leader at McCormick for more than three decades. His strategic leadership and focus on value creation have been instrumental in driving top-tier organic growth as well as our successful acquisition agenda. His deep knowledge of McCormick and effective execution of our CCI initiatives helped fuel our growth investments to deliver profitable growth. Mike is the embodiment of McCormick values and teamwork. He helped build a world-class global finance team. He will be missed by me and employees throughout the organization. Mike, congratulations on your successful career and your upcoming retirement. In the same announcement, Marcos Gabriel was named Executive Vice President and CFO effective December 1. Marcos will serve on our management committee and lead the company's finance organization and global business services team. Marcos is a proven global leader with over 25 years of experience in the consumer products industry. His expertise across major multinational companies in several geographies will be instrumental as we continue to execute our growth plans. I have worked with Marcos over the last seven years. He has served in key senior leadership roles at McCormick, contributing meaningfully to our profitable growth and improved productivity. Marcos, congratulation on this promotion and I look forward to working with you in this new role.
Marcos Gabriel: Thank you, Brendan. I'm honored to serve as the CFO of McCormick and excited to continue to partner with the entire team to deliver long-term profitable growth and drive shareholder value. It has been great to work closely with Mike and the management committee for the past year to transition into this new role. Mike, I want to thank you for your mentorship and offer my congratulations on your retirement.
Mike Smith: Thanks very much for those remarks, Marcos and Brendan. Joining McCormick more than 30 years ago was one of the best decisions I've ever made. This is a great company and it continues to get better. I am proud of the progress we have made over the years. We significantly grew our top-line, generated fuel for growth through improved productivity and continued to deliver solid results despite the complexity and uncertainty we experienced the last few years. I am so proud of and grateful for our entire team here at McCormick and appreciate all of their contributions and efforts. My decision to retire in February is based in part on Marcos' readiness to move into the role. I've had the privilege of working with him for several years and witnessed his strong financial leadership and ability to drive results. I'm confident that Marcos, in partnership with Brendan and the rest of our leadership team, have the capabilities and vision to continue to advance our leadership and differentiation and capture all the great opportunities that are ahead for McCormick. Lastly, I look forward to partnering with Brendan and Marcos to ensure a smooth transition over the next few months. Now moving to our results for the second quarter. Starting on Slide 11, our top-line constant currency sales declined 1% compared to the second quarter of last year, including the impact of the canning divestiture and reflects flat pricing, offset by a 1% volume and product mix decline. As expected, volume declines were primarily driven by lower customer demand and the timing of customer activities in the Flavor Solutions segment. In our Consumer segment, constant currency sales declined 1%, driven by pricing investments. Volumes were slightly positive and reflect a substantial sequential improvement from the first quarter. On Slide 12, Consumer sales in the Americas declined to 2% versus the second quarter of last year. This decline reflects pricing investments of 1% and flat volumes. Volume growth in spices and seasonings was offset by volume declines in prepared food categories, including frozen and Asian. In terms of pricing, we continue to take a surgical and data-driven approach to managing price gaps, and our investments are still expected to impact about 15% of our Americas Consumer segment. In EMEA, constant currency Consumer sales increased 4%, driven entirely by volume. Sales growth was broad based across product categories in our major markets. We are pleased with the volume growth we delivered in EMEA and expect the momentum to continue through in 2024. Constant currency Consumer sales in the APAC region were down 1%, driven by a 2% volume decrease, primarily due to the macro environment in China. Outside of China, we delivered volume-led growth in the mid-teens that was broad based across categories and markets. Turning to our Flavor Solutions segment in Slide 15, second quarter constant currency sales declined 1%, reflecting a 1% contribution from price, offset by a 2% decline in volume and the impact of the divestiture of the canning business. In the Americas, Flavor Solutions constant currency sales declined 1%, reflecting a 1% contribution from price, offset by a 2% decrease in volume, driven by the timing of customer activities as well as the softness in quick service restaurant and packaged food customer volumes. This was partially offset by volume growth in our Branded Foodservice business, as Brendan mentioned. In EMEA, constant currency sales decreased by 8%, including a 3% impact from the divestiture of the canning business, lower volume and product mix of 4%, reflecting the impact of QSR and packaged food customers' volumes and the timing of some customer activities. In the APAC region, Flavor Solutions sales grew 10% in constant currency. Volume grew 9%, driven by customers promotions, limited time offers and new products, while pricing contributed 1%. As seen on Slide 19, gross profit margin expanded by 60 basis points in the second quarter versus the year-ago period, driven primarily by the benefit of our Comprehensive Continuous Improvement program, or CCI. As we look ahead, we continue to expect higher margins in the second half compared to the first half of the year. Now, moving to Slide 20. Selling, general and administrative expenses, or SG&A, increased versus the second quarter of last year, driven by brand marketing investments, which were partially offset by CCI cost savings. As a percentage of net sales, SG&A increased 40 basis points. As expected, brand marketing increased significantly compared to the prior year. Our investments are yielding results and we can anticipate continuing to invest behind these efforts. Adjusted operating income was flat compared to the second quarter of 2023 with minimal impact from currency as gross margin expansion was offset by higher SG&A expenses. Adjusted operating income in the Consumer segment declined 3% or 2% in constant currency. While in Flavor Solutions, adjusted operating income increased 6% with minimal impact from currency. We remain committed to restoring Flavor Solutions profitability. And in the second quarter, as expected, we drove margin expansion versus prior year in this segment. Our performance this quarter reflects our commitment to increase our profit realization and positions us well to make continued investments in 2024 to fuel top-line growth. Turning to interest expense and income taxes on Slide 21. Our interest expense was up slightly versus the prior year. The reduction in average debt was more than offset by higher short-term interest rates. And touching on tax, our second quarter adjusted effective tax rate was 13.6% compared to 22.3% in the year-ago period. Both periods were favorably impacted by discrete tax items with a more significant benefit this year. Our second quarter adjusted rate benefited from a discrete tax item, primarily due to the recognition of a deferred tax asset related to an international legal entity reorganization. We continue to expect our tax rate to be approximately 22% for the year. Our income from unconsolidated operations in the second quarter reflect strong performance in our largest joint venture, McCormick de Mexico. We remain the market leader with our McCormick brand of mayonnaise, marmalade and mustard product lines in Mexico, and the business continues to contribute meaningfully to our net income and operating cash flow results. At the bottom-line, as shown on Slide 23, second quarter 2024 adjusted earnings per share was $0.69 as compared to $0.60 for the year-ago period. The increase was primarily due to the discrete tax benefit and higher income from unconsolidated operations I just mentioned. On Slide 24, we've summarized highlights for cash flow and the quarter-end balance sheet. Through the first half of 2024, our cash flow from operations was $302 million compared to $394 million in 2023. This decline was primarily driven by increased incentive compensation payments and the timing of cash tax payments. We returned $226 million of cash to our shareholders through dividends and used $130 million for capital expenditures. As a reminder, capital expenditures include projects to increase capacity and capabilities to meet growing demand, advance our digital transformation and optimize our cost structure. Our priority remains to have a balanced use of cash, funding investments to drive growth, returning a significant portion to our shareholders through dividends and paying down debt. Importantly, we remain committed to a strong investment-grade rating and continue to expect 2024 to be another year of strong cash flow, driven by profit and working capital initiatives. Now, turning to our 2024 financial outlook on Slide 25. Our outlook continues to reflect our prioritized investments in key categories to strengthen volume trends and drive long-term sustainable growth, while appreciating the uncertainty of the consumer environment. Turning to the details. First, currency rates are expected to unfavorably impact sales, adjusted operating income and adjusted earnings per share by approximately 1%. At the top-line, we continue to expect constant currency net sales to range between a decline of 1% to growth of 1%. Given the momentum in our first half, we expect to be at the mid- to high-end of our guidance range. In terms of pricing, we expect the favorable impact related to the wrap of last year's pricing actions, realized primarily in the first quarter to be partially offset by our price gap management investments that will drive volume growth. As we look to the second half of the year, we expect total pricing to be flat relative to the prior year and segment trends are expected to be similar to the second quarter. We expect to drive improved volume trends as the year progresses through the strength of our brands and the intentional and targeted investments we are making. As we noted, our initiatives will take time to materialize and we continue to expect to return to total volume growth during the second half of the year, absent any new macroeconomic headwinds. We expect to continue to prune lower-margin business throughout the year as we optimize our portfolio. The impact of which will be reflected within the natural fluctuation of sales. In China, our food-away-from-home business, which is included in APAC Consumer, was impacted by slower demand in the first half of the year. And we continue to expect China Consumer sales to be flat to 2023 for the full year. While we recognize there has been volatility in demand in China, we continue to believe in that long-term growth trajectory of the China business. Finally, the divestiture of the Giotti canning business will impact us through the third quarter. Our 2024 gross margin is projected to range between 50 basis points to 100 basis points higher than 2023. This gross margin expansion reflects favorable impacts from pricing, product mix and cost savings from our CCI and GOE programs, partially offset by the anticipated impact of low-single digit increases in cost inflation and our increased investments. Additionally, we expect to begin reducing our dual running costs related to our transition to the new Flavor Solutions facility in the UK in the back half of the year. Moving to adjusted operating income, we expect 4% to 6% constant currency growth. This growth is projected to be driven by our gross margin expansion as well as SG&A cost savings from our CCI and GOE programs, partially offset by investments to drive volume growth, including brand marketing. We expect our brand marketing spend to increase high-single digits in 2024, reflecting a double-digit increase in investments, partially offset by CCI savings. And we continue to expect our increased investments in brand marketing be concentrated in the first half of the year. Our 2024 adjusted effective income tax rate projection of approximately 22% is based upon our estimated mix of earnings by geography as well as factoring in discrete items. We expect a mid-teens increase in our income from unconsolidated operations, reflecting the strong performance we anticipate in McCormick de Mexico. To summarize, our 2024 adjusted earnings per share projection of $2.80 to $2.85 reflects a 4% to 6% increase compared to 2023. As Brendan noted, we continue to prioritize our investments to drive impactful results and return to differentiated and sustainable volume-led growth. We are moving in the right direction and we remain confident in the underlying fundamentals of our business and delivering on our 2024 financial outlook and long-term objectives over time.
Brendan Foley: Thank you, Mike. Before moving to Q&A, I would like to close with our key takeaway on Slide 26. First-half results and volume performance in the Consumer segment demonstrate that we are making the right investments to drive long-term sustainable organic growth and reinforces our confidence. We are executing on proven strategies and investing behind our business with speed and agility and in alignment with consumer behavior, and capitalizing on our advantaged categories across segments. We're able to do this and continue to make great progress on managing costs, led by our cost saving programs to support our increased investments in the business and drive margin expansion. Our performance for the first half coupled with our growth plans give us confidence in achieving the mid- to high-end of our projected constant currency sales growth for 2024. Finally, I want to recognize McCormick employees around the world for their dedication and their contributions, and reiterate my confidence that together we will continue to drive differentiated results and shareholder value. Now, for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We'll now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. And our first question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Please proceed with your questions.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thanks so much. Mike, congratulations to you on your retirement announcement. Glad we have you around for another couple of quarters. And Marcos, congratulations to you on the new role.
Mike Smith: Thank you, Andrew. We'll see you at Investor Day.
Marcos Gabriel: Thank you, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar: Thanks. I guess first off, looking at the sequential improvement in volume in the Consumer segment, particularly in the Americas, certainly seems like the investments are starting to yield results. I was hoping maybe you could unpack that for us a bit and speak to the levers that are driving the performance, and what gives you the confidence that that will continue through the back half?
Brendan Foley: Thanks, Andrew, and good morning. Just to maybe open up with a couple of points to reinforce, we did have a good quarter and sales do continue to strengthen, which gives us confidence in that mid- to upper-end of our range. But this also includes that short-term weakness that we felt with Flavor Solutions in the quarter. I think one of the important things I want to make sure we get across is that we did drive volume growth in our global Consumer segment. And it does reflect kind of in many ways, I think that additional program that we talked about. We're also driving strong sequential volume improvement in Americas like you just called out in the Consumer business, and specifically in spices and seasonings, we delivered volume growth across all major markets and then included driving unit share growth in the US. So, we said this was a year of investment and we further executed those programs that we've been talking about. And at the same time, we still expanded margins. So, we're pretty pleased with the results at this point. It is a halfway point in the year and we do like the progress that we're making. If I were to add more context and unpacking those levers that we've been talking about on this call and in previous calls, a lot of it is, we did ramp up brand marketing in the first half and it wasn't just in the first quarter. We also saw a significant ramp up in the second quarter, too. And a lot of that investment was going more against our core categories to drive demand and support our initiatives. And we continue to expect healthy levels as we go into the second half of the year on brand marketing. New products was also a big part of that, too, in the first half and it contributed pretty meaningfully, especially a lot of that build happened in the second quarter. I would say, it was more pronounced in the second quarter than even in the first, just because of the build of getting items on shelf and beginning to ship them. And we expect to double that innovation when you compare the second half to the first half. So, that lines up nicely as we go into the balance of the year. And then, we expanded distribution in certain categories. Our new products are gaining strong retail acceptance. And so, that's obviously one of those levers that helps. And in terms of pricing in the second quarter, we activated many of our price gap management programs. And so, we expect this to continue into the second half, because we know the [uplift] (ph) with the performance that we're seeing from that, but it's still only a portion of our strategy. As we said before, it impacts about 15% of our Americas Consumer business, but it is yielding the results that we were expecting to get. And so, all of these growth levers are contributing and driving, I think, really healthy outcomes as we think about the performance of our business. So, by the way, we operate in great categories, too. So, the categories are performing well also. And so that obviously is a nice tailwind as part of that.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thanks for that. And a quick follow-up. Mike, you had called out some weakness in Flavor Solutions volume several weeks ago. The result today, I guess, was at the sort of more favorable end of that range you provided in terms of Flavor Solutions volume in the quarter. And I guess, I'm just trying to get a sense of sort of what the exit rate of sort of volume in Flavor Solutions in the Americas and Europe sort of looked like kind of coming out of fiscal 2Q? Just to get a sense if maybe it sort of weakened from what we saw in the 2Q result or maybe if we can expect some sequential improvement in the US and Europe as we move further into fiscal 3Q? Thank you so much.
Mike Smith: Yes, that's no problem. I mean, we did say on the call, we are expecting some sequential improvement in the Q3 and Q4. There was -- we had talked about that a month ago, low-single digit to mid-single digit. So, we did come in at the low-single digit phase, which we're happy with. We're always happy with those results. As you get down into some of the customer activity timing, which we have more clarity to, some of the partnership that we're working with and getting more information on activities of customers, now some of those are second-half related, some will carry into 2025. So, we don't want to get too far ahead of ourselves, but we feel good about where that sequential improvement we're seeing in addition to the great consumer performance that Brendan just alluded to.
Andrew Lazar: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Peter Galbo with Bank of America. Please proceed with your questions.
Peter Galbo: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Brendan Foley: Good morning.
Peter Galbo: Congrats, Mike, on your retirement, and congrats to Marcos as well. Maybe just to pick up on Andrew's question just around kind of consumer confidence in the back half of the year, and that acceleration, Brendan, I think in your prepared remarks, you mentioned a bit more -- you're seeing consumer shopping the perimeter of the store relative to center store and maybe that explains why you might be bucking the trend relative to some of your peers. But maybe you could just unpack that a bit more what you're seeing from that consumer perspective and again what kind of drives the confidence as you get into the back half?
Brendan Foley: Yes, I think what drives our confidence is as we look at our business, at the brand and sort of the key category and unit level, we think the programs are having strong impact, coupled with where we think consumers are moving within the store and what they're doing. As people tend to when they feel like -- if you think about the inflation, food-away-from-home, we're definitely seeing people shift more to eating at home, and that certainly benefits our business as we've always mentioned. But as people shop the perimeter, I think they're looking for opportunities in terms of how they flavor their meals, and so that really does benefit our categories. When I think about broadly though, Peter, just the overall consumer outlook, it hasn't really changed a lot since our last guidance or even on our last call. I mean, we're pretty confident in our initiatives and we think they're working. But our outlook assumes the consumer is kind of where they are, or they have been like in the fourth quarter of '23 and the first half of '24. And so, we continue to take a cautious view on our outlook. I think that just reflects what might be uncertainty or inconsistency that we tend to see in the environment. But we believe even in that environment, we plan for our plants to kind of deliver this type of performance. So, we see the consumer moving around and shifting channels, that's definitely happening, and I think that pops up in the numbers, but it tends to benefit our business, whether it's in foodservice or whether it's at meals-at-home. We're flavoring all those occasions. So, we really believe that when we're -- as an end-to-end provider of flavor, we tend to benefit depending on wherever channel it shifts into.
Peter Galbo: Got it. And Mike, I think, depending on whether you look at the IRI or -- sorry, the Circana or the Nielsen data, there was maybe a gap just in Americas consumer relative to the -- I think you gave some of the factors, but just anything you can dimension there on kind of the gap in terms of shift to consumption of that?
Mike Smith: Yeah, absolutely. There's a number of factors that kind of impact the difference between our shipments and consumption. And just to give you some context around that, and maybe I'll just share with you three points to kind of consider. First of all, our consumption is strengthening. And if I were to think about how that progressed through the second quarter, I think more of it we saw in the back half of the second quarter than in the front half. So, that would reflect as we started to really get execution of our programs, in retail, we were seeing stronger consumption. So, it started to pull up. In Q2 across the total portfolio, we drove almost a full point of unit growth. And so that gave us reason to feel confident and that includes those declines in prepared foods that we talked about like the frozen and Asian category declines. But it was a substantial improvement from Q1 and driven by that increased programming. I think that is, to some degree, a condition of sales catching up to our performance on shelf. So, as retailers start to see, I think, our movement, we obviously expect sales to keep up with that. I would expect more strengthening to continue in the second half. The other condition that in the second quarter, I think it's important to call out is we were lapping increased shipments that came ahead of the 2023 pricing actions of the prior year. And we also had a similar condition in '22 compared to '23. So that did play a little bit of impact, I think, when we look at shipments versus consumption. And then, in terms of retailers, they're always looking to be more efficient. That's not new. It's always I think a focus of theirs. But overall, we are not seeing at this time any unusual activity. So, I think just to give you a little bit of context on consumption as an impact, what was going on in the prior year and then how our retailers behaving, I think that would be the perspective I would want you to think about with McCormick.
Peter Galbo: Great. Thanks very much guys.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your questions.
Ken Goldman: Hi, thank you. And Mike and Marcos, congratulations to both of you. And Mike, thank you for all of your help over the years. I know you're not done yet, but it's appreciated. I wanted to ask a little bit about -- you have a pretty confident tone, I think it's fair to say, about the direction of trends into the second half. You beat this quarter on the bottom-line by a decent amount. You beat the first quarter by a decent amount. It sounds like you're implicitly -- well, you are implicitly guiding for the tax rate to be closer to 24% in the second half roughly. I guess putting that all together, were there any thoughts of raising guidance? I realize it's a pretty unpredictable environment right now, but I just want to get a little bit of sense for how you view the second half in terms of -- I'll use the word prudence in relation to just how well the first half performed at least versus external expectations?
Brendan Foley: Yeah.
Mike Smith: You want to get it?
Brendan Foley: I'll lead off with a couple of comments, Mike.
Mike Smith: Yeah.
Brendan Foley: I mean, I do think, Ken, we felt like we did have strong consumer performance and our investments are working and doing what we said we would do. And so that does give us confidence going into the second half and perhaps that's why you're hearing a little bit of confidence in our tone. But given how the first half performed, we expect those growth levers in the consumer part of our business to continue to operate and work well. As we said on Flavor Solutions, we expect sequential improvement versus what we saw in the second quarter, because there's many other things that I think as Mike said earlier in the questions here, it does give us confidence as we think about what how we might look at the Flavor Solutions business. But Mike, if you want to talk a little bit about what drives our prudence probably has to do with the back half is a big part of the year...
Mike Smith: As we think about where we are on the life cycle of the year, and we talked about Q2 being an important quarter for us, because it was the pivot quarter where pricing is -- we lose some of the protection of pricing, which we saw in the first quarter and last year, the shift of volume and particularly what makes us happy is that consumer volume going positive, which is great. There's some back-half assumptions on volume growth in Consumer, which were very -- we know the programs are working, but you still have to assume that the second half of the year is the biggest half and biggest quarter is the fourth quarter. So, while we're really pleased with the results, we realized the second half is important to continue that momentum and we believe we will. We're always looking at the guidance. I mean, you referenced tax, I'm kind of chuckling, because I think my first earnings call, we probably I think we had a big tax adjustment as similar and we talked about guidance for the year versus these things happen lumpily in the quarter or half. So, I'll take that one right off, 24% in the second half because our underlying rate is 24% to 25%, so that's roughly what we'll probably land. I mean, we do have the second half, if you think about built-in operating margin growth, we have volume growth, things like that. So, we feel like we've called it prudently. Obviously, if there's opportunities as things change, we want to keep our financial flexibility to make investments in some of these growth drivers that we're really seeing positive on. So, we want to have that flexibility, too. But I think we're really pleased going into the third quarter. We talked a bit about some of the consumer uncertainty, which impacts some of our Flavor Solutions business. We're always cautious there too, but I'd say we've called it pretty much down the middle with hopefully a lean in to the positive.
Ken Goldman: Sounds good. Thank you. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Alexia Howard with Bernstein. Please proceed with your question.
Alexia Howard: Good morning. And congratulations, Mike. And welcome or congratulations, Marcos. I guess, we'll see you both at the Investor Day coming up in October, and thank you. Can I pick up on Andrew's question around Flavor Solutions and maybe think about the longer-term strategies for building resilience in that segment? You have a lot of exposure to QSR, quite focused on one particular customer in the salty snacks segment. Are there plans to diversify? And how quickly can you get off to those new opportunities? And which kinds of categories that are faster growth can you go after?
Brendan Foley: Alexia, thanks for the question. Good morning. I think as you think about the core of your question is that long-term outlook as you think about our customer space and portfolio of Flavor Solutions, I would go back to things that we've said in prior discussions. If we think about the Flavor Solutions business is constantly in activity of continuing to shape that portfolio to higher value-added products and technologies and customer base. So, as we continue to shape that portfolio, it continues to go in the direction of sort of our flavors business, which includes seasonings as we think about our portfolio. And in many ways, some of the fastest-growing areas of that portfolio happened to be the small, highly-innovative, emerging customers that are operating in categories that like performance nutrition or non-alcoholic beverages, where like this quarter, we continue to see real strength. That is a form of looking at how we diversify our customer base, but we're also operating where we think there are strong areas of growth. And these this really I think is kind of the central point that we've talked about is, we'll continue to shape that part of our -- the Flavor Solutions segment and that portfolio to that higher value-added sort of product and technology sale that we have. And this is, I think, what you see quarter-to-quarter is a reflection of that.
Mike Smith: I think, too, people sometimes forget the branded through service business, which really good margins and we like that portfolio and we're continuing to gain share. We keep coming up with opportunities. We talked about expanding McCormick Mayonesa into that category, things like that. So, there's really lots of opportunities on that side, which we like on the Flavor Solutions side. It's a diversified portfolio. That's I think the message and we continue to diversify and optimize and move toward more higher-margin product lines.
Alexia Howard: Great. Thank you very much. Could I just do a quick follow-up on the highlights of the remaining cost saving opportunities? You talked a little bit about getting rid of costs that were incremental through COVID. What are the major buckets of cost savings remaining to you over the next couple of years?
Mike Smith: Oh gosh, we could talk the whole earnings call on that one. It means, our CCI program has a long history of generating sustainable cost savings. We talked a little bit on this call about -- we're finalizing the transition to our new UK Flavor Solutions business in the second half, which will give us some tailwind into next year, which is great. But our CCI program -- we target all levels of the P&L. I mean, a lot of times programs will just look at cost of goods sold, raw material, things like that, which is an important part of our portfolio. We're looking at optimizing SG&A. A&P, when we talked about A&P a lot this year, we're actually spending A&P -- our guidance is high-single digits, but from an effectiveness perspective, we're actually spending low double digits and getting CCI savings as we optimize spend to touch more customers more effectively. So, those are examples everywhere along the P&L. I'd say, it's a program that's special because the ideas come from the bottom up in our organization as part of our culture to drive that, because we want to use it as fuel for growth, so we can drive the growth levers that we talked about this year at CAGNY and help drive that volume. So, I think there's a lot more opportunity and I look forward to Marcos helping drive that into the future, too.
Alexia Howard: Thank you very much. I'll pass it on.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Steve Powers with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your questions.
Steve Powers: Hey, guys. Good morning. And Mike and Marcos, congrats from me as well. So, Brendan, I wanted to talk a little bit about the price gap management initiatives you've put in place in Consumer. With the commentary on year-over-year pricing in the back half expected to resemble what we've seen in the second quarter, it doesn't sound like you expect a whole lot more of incremental unit price investment over the course of the year. And I guess just wanted to kind of test that assumption. And then, in the context of what you were saying around just the value seeking behavior and the consumer financial pressures that you're observing across the consumer landscape, just what gives you the confidence that that kind of -- you've kind of done enough at this point and you've got in place what you need for the duration of the year? Thank you.
Brendan Foley: Thank you, Steve. I think in the two questions you asked there, let me address your first one first. Yeah, you can make the assumption that as we think about the rest of the year in that price gap management activity, what we've implemented year-to-date largely reflects how we're thinking about carrying through the rest of the year. Having said that, we're looking at performance all the time. And so, we might make tweaks. We might look at the performance of programs and decide whether or not we want to make adjustments. But as we look at it today, we feel like we're positioned for given the performance so far that these programs are operating the way we want them to and should continue into the second half, I think with a strong level of confidence. So, I think just to kind of hit that first area first and how you should think about that program activity. As it relates to the consumer and how they're operating and what might be the way to think about consumer behavior today in the store, I would just maybe add a couple of thoughts there. We have the broadest portfolio in the category, particularly like in spices and seasonings and that really does differentiate us. But what that allows us to do is, we're operating across all channels. We have products at every price point, whether it be premium or lower price points and we even explored like we did with the Lawry's opening price point, launching that item in there was to really take care of another price point area that we felt like we need to operate in. But this broader diversified portfolio allows us to meet consumer needs and then we become part of the solutions for what consumers are looking for. Cooking at home does remain elevated right now and our price points are really a small percentage of the cost of a meal when you think about the most enjoyable part of the meal, which is flavor. And so, as we see consumers increasingly shop the perimeter, continue to cook at home, our categories really play an even more important role, including condiments and sauces and we're seeing a benefit from that. I mean, one thought is just to show you how consumers are responding in this current environment. In the second quarter, spices and seasonings were the top category in the center of store growth across measured channels. So, that tells you something that this is a tool for consumers to really deliver on what they're looking for. And of course, we're the leading branded player, but we're also driving category unit growth within that context, too. When consumers are pressured, I think in this environment, regardless of maybe their level of income and they're cooking at home, they will lean in on flavor, they might even splurge on it. One example that we would share or at least a couple is when we look at what's driving younger consumers right now, interestingly, they're going to our gourmet line and buying more of our gourmet line. As they cook more at home, they do want to -- we know they want to explore and really kind of explore flavor overall. And that gourmet line, I think really kind of suits what they're looking for. If you think about the low- to mid-income consumer, they're looking for brands with price points closer to private label. That's why we're -- from an innovation standpoint, we're adding new seasoning blends to our Lawry's line, and that attracts these consumers and we're seeing the consumer trade up in that particular case, because they're looking for brands that they trust. We do see right now overall consumer shopping smaller sizes than maybe we did this time last year, where we saw a lot of large size purchasing going on. So that means we have to assure that we have the right price pack architecture in place to meet that demand. Another example that just to give you even more color, if you will, is in recipe mixes. With a lot of our programs, including sort of revenue management and price gap management, we're attracting a lot more consumers overall to that category. Recipe mix is a great value, especially when you just want to buy for a specific meal. It's a great convenience. There's no waste. It's a great way to explore new flavors at low risk, so you don't have to invest in, let's say, a whole bottle. But what's happened is we've seen household penetration grow for our brands during the second quarter in a category like that. So, I think that also gives some context. And then, I'll just wrap it up with one other idea. We are seeing a lot of growth in this mini trial size area and we view that as a pretty interesting tool for lowering the cost for consumers to try new flavors. And so, we're also launching those here in the second quarter and just shipping those now, but that's just another opportunity for consumers to explore, look at innovation, but it's at a lower price point for them to kind of give it a try in these mini trial sizes. So, I kind of wanted to give you sort of a collection of context or points to consider when we think about meeting the consumers' needs today.
Steve Powers: Yes. I appreciate that. Thank you very much. And if I could maybe pivot, Mike, a question on gross margin. I apologize if you already provided some commentary here, but indulge me anyway. Through the first half of the year, you're trending towards the upper end of that gross margin expansion range. And I guess just as I extrapolate to the back half, is it fair to assume that you're comfortable with the upper half of the range at least for the full year? Or is -- are we open to more volatility in the back half, where that the full range is kind of in play?
Mike Smith: Well, I think in the back half, the guide implies almost like 5 basis points to 100 basis points and we say for the year 50 basis points to 100 basis points. So, we realized we had a really strong first half. As I said, pricing was large in the first quarter for us, that's going away into the second half. And the key is the volume growth. I mean, volume growth -- volume is great for a lot of things and it helps gross margin and mix and all that sort of stuff. So, I think we're comfortable with the guide we have. I wouldn't say right now I'd guide to the higher end at this point, but to give you all the reasons I said.
Steve Powers: Yeah. Okay. Fair enough. Thank you.
Mike Smith: Remember, some of the cost savings program we have like GOE was really first quarter into the second quarter. So, some of those are going away also. But it's still -- the trends we see in gross margin, the first -- the second half is higher than the first half traditionally, which is going to continue again, and we do see a nice trajectory there for gross margin over time as we continue our multiyear journey of getting back to kind of the pre-COVID gross margin levels.
Steve Powers: Understood. Okay. Appreciate it. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Adam Samuelson: Yes. Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Brendan Foley: Good morning.
Mike Smith: Good morning.
Adam Samuelson: Let me add my congratulations to Mike and to Marcos. So, looking forward to working with you. Maybe if I could continue on some of the pricing discussion that we just had, and I guess what I'm just trying to segregate, if I look at the spices and seasonings category in the more recent months in the scanner data, it does seem like the whole -- your entire portfolio has unit pricing lower on a year-on-year basis. And I guess maybe is there a size -- it doesn't seem like there's an impact of size and unit and price pack architecture necessarily. Promo percentage is also a little bit lower year-over-year. But I guess I'm trying to just square the notion of more surgical pricing actions on a small part of the portfolio with the spices and seasonings category in total for you that is showing kind of negative pricing in the last few months of Nielsen data.
Mike Smith: Yeah.
Brendan Foley: Go ahead, Mike.
Mike Smith: Yeah, I'll start. I mean, at the end of the day, the net sales guidance we gave for pricing and the results of what we showed, again, you have for the Consumer business for the second quarter was down a little under 1%, which we continue to see that in the second half. So that would suggest that the pricing actions we said we were going to do, the surgical pricing actions on a limited part of the portfolio, that's what shown up through net sales. Now what happens when that gets to shelf, that's a whole another story. And in addition to the things that we're doing on some of those items, there's other retailer actions that are happening too. Because as Brendan said before, this is a category -- our categories are growing. That's where people want to shop in more of the perimeter of the store. They're wanting to use products like ours to flavor these -- and manage cost inflation across protein and things like that. So, the retailers also are contributing to some of these things. We might not -- it might not be our price adjustments on items, that maybe other ones that they're seeing and operating in their stores too. So, I think there's a combination of factors that maybe skewing a little bit of the data you're seeing versus our internal kind of what we're actually reporting on these calls.
Brendan Foley: Just to add to that, Adam, when you look just like spices and seasonings and recipe mixes depending on how you're looking at data, the percentage is still small in terms of the percentage of that part of our portfolio that it's kind of receiving that sort of an effort. But let's also not forget, we have a broad program from in terms of increased brand investment, new items, increased distribution, et cetera. And so, we're driving volume growth, particularly even in -- I would say, certainly it's an accelerated area as a part of our portfolio that's driving unit volume growth. And so, we're seeing really good performance -- net performance from that.
Adam Samuelson: All right. That's helpful color. If I just ask a clarifying question just on guidance? On the JV on Mexico, if I look at the guidance, it would seem like you've already achieved for the full year the equivalent of mid-teens profit growth on income from the Mexican JV. And I just -- make sure I'm understanding, is there expectations of profit declines in the back half or -- because otherwise you're going to be well above mid-teens profit growth on that line...
Mike Smith: Remember, going back to last year, we're lapping a really strong second half. A lot of the acceleration they've seen and great performance is really second-half focused last year. So, we're lapping a tough comp, I'd say.
Adam Samuelson: Okay. All right. That's helpful. I'll pass it on. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Tom Palmer with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Tom Palmer: Good morning. Mike and Marcos, congratulations to you both. I wanted to clarify just on the expected volume recovery in the back half of the year in Flavor Solutions. Are you assuming that industry trends get better or this is really McCormick-specific initiatives or maybe it's a combo? I just want to clarify that.
Brendan Foley: Yeah, I don't know that -- Tom, as we look at it, we don't say we're making a call or projection on the industry as total. We kind of look at our customer base, and we understand their plans and programs, what might be innovation that's going to be launching soon, how they might be thinking about driving maybe an uptick in their own activity. And so that's really what drives I think our thinking is more specifically at a customer level as opposed to hearing us make a call and a projection on an industry. I don't know if you want to go deeper on that, but I think just to quickly kind of let you know how we think about it, that's what drives our thinking.
Tom Palmer: Okay. Thanks for that. No, I was just trying to reconcile some of the foodservice weakness with the positive tone. And so that was helpful. Thank you.
Brendan Foley: Well, I think let me just add to that, Tom. I mean, in Branded Foodservice though, I mean, just to give you some context around that, we are seeing nice performance there. I think that's a reflection of -- we operate in every segment of foodservice. So, it isn't just QSRs, it's fast casual, casual dining, independent restaurants, college and university, et cetera, et cetera. So, it's a very diverse sort of marketplace. As we look at that, we're doing really well in Branded Foodservice, because we're driving some really, I think interesting programming like with limited time offers with our brands like Frank's or we're growing share in a number of categories or performing well in spices and seasonings. We're getting more hot sauce on tabletops. That's what kind of drives, I think, our performance right now in Branded Foodservice, which operates a little bit differently than maybe the QSR part of the foodservice marketplace. So maybe that additional color might provide some additional things to think about.
Tom Palmer: No, that was very helpful. Thank you. Just on the expected margin improvements in Flavor Solutions, should we be thinking about continued sequential improvement in margin as the year plays out and some of these cost initiatives take hold?
Mike Smith: We've said it at the beginning of the year, I'll go back to that, I mean, one, we're really happy with the margin improvement we've experienced last year and we gave guidance for this fiscal year for the total company of about 80 basis points of OP margin improvement. And we said at the time, Flavor Solutions might be slightly ahead of that, but in the range of [0.8] (ph). Through the first half, Flavor Solutions was at I think at 80 basis points, so roughly around there. So again, we're always looking for improvement. I'd say that for the whole company, we're really comfortable with 50 basis points to 100 basis points. A lot of -- and as I said about a month ago, a lot depends on the volume numbers and the Consumer business continues to see volume growth that drives margin improvement. In Flavor Solutions, a bit of dip in the second quarter could put a little bit of pressure on margins, as I said, but we're expecting sequential improvement in Flavor Solutions. That's not going to be materially different than what we said at the beginning of the year, I'd say.
Tom Palmer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question is from the line of Rob Dickerson with Jefferies. Please proceed with your questions.
Rob Dickerson: Great. Thanks so much. I think I always get the final question with McCormick. Just, I guess, kind of a broader question around frozen, Asian that you commented, it seems like consumers are shopping at the perimeter of the store a little bit, understand kind of the desire to kind of cook at home still. Maybe there's some value seeking in there. But I'm just curious like if you step back and you think about that consumer behavior on the perimeter and on the spice and seasoning side relative to kind of what you've seen in frozen and Asian, maybe you could just provide a little bit more color as to how you're thinking about kind of that relative performance of those two areas and maybe why parts are frozen and Asian specifically aren't performing as well as maybe they have in past economic cycle? Thanks.
Brendan Foley: Well, thanks for the question, Rob. If I go back and I think about that part of our portfolio, one of the important things maybe to reinforce, it's a smaller part of our business. But the declines, I think, as far back as like the fourth quarter of '23 were steeper. So, they're pulling down, I think, the overall view of the portfolio. And that's why we decided to make sure it was kind of called out, because as we are putting more focus in investment around what we would call those core categories, that was going to -- we felt that would offset that. As we move through the rest of the year, I think that we start to see those core categories start to overcome whatever declines might be experiencing there. To the consumer behavior context that you're asking about, we think that has a lot to do with, it could be the impact of inflation in the marketplace. I think that certainly can have an impact on that overall. And we're a relatively small player in a number of these areas. So, it's not as if we're operating with the type of scale and competitive leverage that others might be. So yes, we certainly see inflation hurting that. But also I think some consumer trends might have been shifting away a little bit from some parts of whether it'd be frozen or some Asian categories that we compete in. And so therefore, I don't know that they're necessarily suggesting a structural impact of change, but rather this is just a trend that we're working through. And it was we felt like we are going to experience it most of this fiscal year. So, I would share that as our context. What we're seeing in the primitive store is simply, you need to add flavor in a lot of these situations, whether it be protein or produce or carbs. Our category is going to play an important role in flavoring, or both of our categories rather. And so, we see consumer shifting there probably because they're looking for healthy eating. That's not a new trend and that's something that we think continues to fuel our business. So, I think it's probably where I'd keep it for right now today, Rob. And if there's any other clarification you want, let me know.
Rob Dickerson: Yeah. No, that was very helpful. Thank you. And then, Mike, first, congratulations, [indiscernible]. I think there was a comment you made, Mike, in the prepared remarks where you said that there might be similar segment trends expected as you get to the back half relative to Q2. And I may have missed that, but I just wanted to clarify because clearly everything else we've been talking about in Q&A suggests that things should get better. So, just want to understand what you're...
Mike Smith: Yeah, that was in the prepared remarks. We talked -- that was really in the reference in that section we're talking about pricing for the remainder of the year and similar segment trends -- similar company and segment trends for the remainder of the year. So, if you look at the pricing trends in Q2 versus prior year, approximately the same by segment and for total company.
Rob Dickerson: Okay. Got it. That's all.
Mike Smith: That really helps your model question.
Rob Dickerson: Yeah. No, right. I get it. Appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we've reached the end of our question-and-answer session. And I'll hand the floor back to management for closing remarks.
Faten Freiha: Thank you. And thanks everybody for joining today's call. If you have any further questions on the information we shared today, please feel to contact me. And this concludes this morning's conference call. Thank you.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-03-26 08:00:00) =====
Faten Freiha: Good morning. This is Faten Freiha, VP of Investor Relations. Thank you for joining today's First Quarter Earnings Call. To accompany this call, we posted a set of slides on our IR website, ir.mccormick.com. With me this morning are Brendan Foley, President and CEO; and Mike Smith, Executive Vice President and CFO. During this call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. The nature of those non-GAAP financial measures and the related reconciliations to the GAAP results are included in this morning's press release and slides. In our comments, certain percentages are rounded. Please refer to our presentation for complete information. Today's presentation contains projections and other forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from those projected. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether because of new information, future events or other factors. Please refer to our forward-looking statements on slide two for more information. I will now turn the discussion over to Brendan.
Brendan Foley: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. As many of you have probably seen on the news this morning, the Francis Scott Key Bridge collapsed in Baltimore. Our thoughts go out to everyone impacted by this terrible tragedy. We have activated a team and are monitoring the situation. We are pleased to start the year with a strong first quarter. Our performance reflects the early success of our prioritized investments to improve volume trends and drive profitable growth. I will begin my remarks this morning with an overview of our first quarter results, focusing on top-line drivers. Next, I will provide perspective on industry trends, highlight some early signposts of success, as well as areas we continue to work on and review our growth plans. Mike will then go into more depth on the first quarter financial results and review our 2024 outlook, and finally, before your questions, I will have some closing comments. Turning now to our results on slide four. In the first quarter, sales grew 2% in constant currency, reflecting a 3% contribution from pricing, partially offset by a 1% decline in volume and product mix, primarily driven by the pruning of low-margin business and our canning business divestiture. Underlying volume was flat compared to the prior year. Sequentially from the fourth quarter, volume trends improved in both Consumer and Flavor Solutions. We believe this improvement is an indication of continued progress as we remain focused on driving quality top-line growth throughout our portfolio. In Consumer, volumes improved substantially from the fourth quarter in the Americas. In EMEA, we drove positive volume growth while continuing to benefit from pricing actions. In Asia Pacific, volume performance was impacted by the macro environment in China, as we expected. We continue to expect full year 2024 China Consumer sales to be comparable to 2023. Outside of China, we delivered strong sales growth driven by both price and volume. In Flavor Solutions, our results were solid and growth was driven by price and underlying volume growth, partially offset by the impact of our canning divestiture. We are pleased with our performance recognizing many of our customers, including Consumer Product Companies or CPGs and Quick Service Restaurants or QSRs, continue to experience volume softness in their businesses. We are continuing to collaborate with our customers to navigate this challenging environment and we remain optimistic about our growth for the year. It's worth noting that volume trends and Flavor Solutions typically fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter, largely attributable to customer activity, including new product launches, limited time offers, and their other promotional activity. As we said at the CAGNY conference, McCormick is a growth company, and 2024 is an important investment year to return to our long-term objectives. Our results demonstrate the early impact of investments we have made to fuel our top-line and further capitalize on the underlying growth of our categories. We have a robust set of initiatives and continue to expect share gains in units to lead our trends and our results will build throughout 2024. Let me share some of our perspectives on industry trends. We are in a unique position with our portfolio's breadth and reach in both Consumer and Flavor Solutions. Our shared insights give us a very strong understanding of consumers flavor needs, preferences, behaviors, and trends. Consumers remain challenged. Two years of steep inflation has had an impact and many are exhibiting value seeking behavior. While food inflation is slowing, its compounded impact is still being felt by consumers. Budgets are stretched, resulting in choiceful spending decisions, a trend that is continuing from the fourth quarter. In the first quarter, with higher inflation in the food service channel and slowing retail food prices, we broadly saw a shift from food away-from-home to food-at-home consumption in our major markets. We are also seeing improvement in center store categories and some softness in restaurant traffic across all regions. As we said, the current state of the consumer is not defined by any one trend, it remains dynamic, and we are responding with speed and agility. I am encouraged by the early success of our key initiatives. We have the right plans in place that are continually influenced by what matters most to our consumers and customers, and fit within our strategic priorities. Moving to slide five, let me highlight for the quarter some of the key signposts of our success that demonstrate we have the right plans in place. Starting with spices and seasonings. In Americas, EMEA and Asia Pacific, excluding China, we grew volumes. In the U.S., our unit share performance continues to improve and we drove dollar share gains in Eastern Europe. In recipe mixes, we strengthened our performance with volume growth in the Americas, reversing the trends from the fourth quarter. Recipe mixes were a significant driver of U.K. volume growth and homemade desserts were also a substantial driver of France's volume growth. In both, we realized both unit and dollar market share gains. Volume growth in our Flavors business is strong across key categories, including outpacing the category in alcoholic beverages and performance nutrition. Finally, we grew volume in branded foodservice and realized market share gains in spices and seasonings and on Tabletop in hot sauces. Before I get into our growth plans, let me touch on some areas where there is some pressure. We continue to experience volume declines in the prepared food categories that we participate in, like Frozen and Asian. In Americas Consumer, importantly, these items represent a small part of our portfolio and the improved volume trends in our core categories is beginning to offset these declines. For mustard in Americas Consumer, as we discussed in our last earnings call, we continue to experience extremely low price points for private label, which is impacting our consumption and driving down category dollars. While performance in mustard improved relative to the fourth quarter, we still have work ahead of us. We plan to drive further volume improvement by narrowing price gaps and increasing promotions, new products, including Creamy Dill Pickle, and importantly through recent distribution wins. Moving to hot sauce, in Americas Consumer of consumption, volume trends improved from the fourth quarter, particularly coinciding with our successful Super Bowl activation campaign. Reflecting on our first quarter performance, it highlights two dynamics. First, we have underlying strength in our base business and strong consumer loyalty. Our growth plans remain consistent, fueling growth through increasing both Cholula and Frank's RedHot brand marketing, with Frank's activated year-round for the first time, as well as exciting innovation aligned with consumer trends and expanding distribution. Second, recently we have seen a surge in $1 price point trial sizes from new and existing small players, which is incremental to the category and is pressuring our share performance. We remain the leader in this attractive, fragmented and growing category. New buyers present a great opportunity to win new households using our growth levers, as well as our scale and capabilities. In Flavors, our growth with Quick Serve Restaurants and Flavor Solutions was impacted by slower QSR traffic in EMEA and Asia Pacific. Finally, some of our consumer packaged food customers continue to experience softness in volumes within their own business, in both Americas and EMEA. We are focused on working with our customers to support their innovation plans and continue to diversify our customer base over time. Before I talk through our growth plans in detail, let me touch on spices and seasonings. At a global level, we are pleased with the growth and consumption we delivered in the quarter. Specifically looking at U.S. spices and seasonings, we are driving significant improvements. Our new packaging continues to increase velocity on shelf, and we are recapturing distribution points, and our sequential improvement led to positive unit share gains at the end of the quarter. In addition, our growth is supported by our increased brand marketing and new products. Lastly, we expect to largely start seeing the impact of our actions in our results during the second half of the year, following most of our customers shelf resets at the end of the second quarter. Let's now move to our growth plans on slide six, which are leading our strong first quarter performance and will continue to drive our success in 2024 and beyond. Brand marketing, new products, and packaging innovation, category management, proprietary technologies, and customer engagement continue to be the initiatives behind our growth levers. Starting with brand marketing, our plans across all categories are supported by our global brand marketing initiatives. We are prioritizing investments to connect with consumers and fuel growth. Our differentiated brand marketing is driven by a combination of factors. In addition to maintaining a high share of voice, we are committed to having the best content in our categories. Content that inspires and educates consumers and reaches them at the right points on their path to purchase and their flavor journey. From flavor exploration and menu planning, to shopping and cooking, and even to eating and sharing the experience online. In Q1, brand marketing spend was up significantly compared to the prior year as expected. This increase was broad-based across all regions and was an important driver in improving volumes. Through our efforts across multiple channels, particularly in retail media, we are driving further household penetration and increasing buy rates across spices and seasonings, recipe mixes, and condiments. Our holiday campaigns across our regions proved successful. Our marketing campaigns in the Americas highlight our everyday value and point-of-difference to consumers and are supporting our improved volume trends and share improvement. Our Frank Super Bowl activation campaign with Jason Kelce, now a retired NFL player, was very successful. We gained new buyers and media and consumer sentiment, as well as engagement from other big brands, was incredibly positive. We continue to benefit from new products and packaging. It is one of the primary drivers of our growth and as we said at CAGNY, the performance of our launches continues to improve. We are continuing to realize growth from our 2023 launches. For example, our Cholula sauces and recipe mixes are driving new buyers to the category and are exceeding our expectations since launch, and we continue to build U.S. distribution and are also launching both formats in Canada this year. The rollout of our U.S. Everyday Herbs & Spices portfolio is on plan and expected to be fully shifted by the end of the second quarter. Our Nadiya Hussain range of Schwartz seasonings and recipe mixes continue to drive our innovation performance and expand household penetration with younger consumers. As we look ahead to the rest of the year, with our renovated recipe mixes, we have opportunities to win more dinner occasions with new global cuisine seasonings in both Americas and the AMEA and reshaping the portfolio by shifting offerings to meet consumers growing preference for non-red meat proteins. In Seasoning Blend, an exciting growth opportunity we mentioned at CAGNY, we are launching new Lawry's, seasoning blends in large sizes, which offer a value price point to consumers. And we are really excited about the Frank's RedHot dips and popular flavors in a squeeze bottle format we just launched and are looking forward to another campaign featuring Jason Kelce. In Flavor Solutions, we are leveraging our proprietary technologies to support our innovation in flavors, to win new customers, diversifying our customer base, and drive share gains across our portfolio. Our momentum with our flavors customers continues to be strong and fuel our new product pipeline. We are collaborating with many of our customers to heat up their products from snacking to beverages. Our heat-brief win rates are strong across our regions. We continue to dedicate resources where we have the right to win. In Branded Food Service, we have a strong innovation agenda, including launching a Cattlemen's Hawaiian Barbecue flavor, expanding our Seasonings portfolio with Ducros line extensions, and extending McCormick Mayonesa, which has had great performance in our consumer segment into this channel. Let's turn to category management, where I'd like to review our revenue management efforts and expanding distribution. First, revenue management remains a capability and we have a history of optimizing pricing on shelf to benefit both McCormick and the retailer. We continue to take a surgical approach to managing our price gaps to private label and branded competitors. Our price investments are primarily focused in Americas consumer, where they impact about 15% of our portfolio in that segment. Revenue management will continue to be an important tool for driving growth, and we will consistently leverage real-time analytics and insights to refine our plans. In terms of expanding distribution, we continue to make progress on restoring a majority of the distribution that was lost due to supply issues. We have secured winds and new distribution. To further strengthen our value proposition in EMEA, we have grown distribution in the fast growing discount channel, and in the U.S., our Lawry's opening price point is expanding across the stores of a leading discounter. And in China, we are expanding in small format stores, which have grown rapidly in recent years, as well as into third and fourth-tier cities. We are meeting the consumer where they live and shop. Let me briefly mention our heat platform. As you heard in my remarks, heat-infused products span our portfolio and are driving growth. We expect heat to continue to be a long-term growth accelerator globally for McCormick. Consumers, particularly younger generations, continue to drive demand in this flavor profile. We are uniquely positioned to win in heat with our global iconic brands and our meaningful scale and expertise that we have been building for decades. To wrap up, we believe the execution of our growth plans will be a win for consumers, customers, our categories, and McCormick, which will differentiate and strengthen our leadership. As we look ahead to 2024, we are maintaining our outlook. Mike will share more of the details. At a high level, we expect our top-line to be at the mid to high-end of our guidance range, given the momentum we saw in the first quarter. We are confident in our initiatives and we have provided proof points of where they are working. That said, we also continue to reflect on the uncertainty in the consumer environment in our outlook for 2024. Before I pass the call to Mike, let me reiterate a few points. We are deliberately focused on attractive, high-growth categories across both segments, resulting in a significant long-term tailwind to drive profitable growth. That said, it is crucial that we continue to capitalize on this position of strength. The long-term trends that fuel our categories, consumer interest in healthy, flavorful cooking, flavorful exploration, and trusted brands continue to be very strong. And, importantly, consumer enjoyment in cooking is growing. We remain dedicated to improving volumes. We continue to refine our plans and are prioritizing our investments to drive impactful results and return to differentiated and sustainable volume-led growth. And, you should continue to expect improvement over the coming year and into 2025 and beyond. Now, over to Mike.
Mike Smith: Thanks, Brendan, and good morning, everyone. Starting on slide eight. Our top-line constant currency sales grew 2% compared to the first quarter of last year, reflecting 3% of pricing benefit, offset by a 1% volume and mix decline. As expected, volumes were impacted by our strategic decision to exit DSD, Direct Store Delivery, of our bagged Hispanic spices in the Americas. The exit of a private label product line, and the divestiture of a small canning business in EMEA. Underlying volume and mix performance was flat for the quarter, reflecting a sequential improvement from the fourth quarter where total underlying volume growth was down approximately 3%. In our consumer segment, constant currency sales growth of 1% reflects a 3% increase in pricing actions, offset by a 2% volume decline, which is due to a 1% impact from the DSD business exit I just mentioned, lower volume and product mix in the Americas, specifically in Prepared Food Categories, including Frozen and Asian, consistent with our expectations, and the impact of the macro environment in China. On slide nine, consumer sales in the Americas were comparable to last year. Contribution from price was offset by a volume and mix decline of 3%. This decline was fully attributable to the DSD exit and lower volume and product mix in the Prepared Food Categories I just mentioned. In EMEA, constant currency consumer sales increased 8%, with a 5% increase in pricing actions and 3% volume growth. Sales growth was broad-based across product categories in our major markets. We are pleased with the volume growth we delivered in EMEA and expect the momentum to continue through 2024. Constant currency consumer sales in the APAC region were down 5%, driven by a 6% volume decrease, primarily due to the macro environment in China. Outside of China, we drove high single-digit sales growth with price and volume contributing equally, and the growth was broad-based across categories and markets. Turning to our Flavor Solutions segment and slide 12, we grew first quarter constant currency sales by 2%, with pricing contributing 2% and volume contributing 1%, partially offset by a 1% decline due to the divestiture of the canning business and the exit of a private label product line in EMEA. In the Americas, Flavor Solutions constant currency sales rose 3%, reflecting a 2% contribution from price and 1% growth in volume and product mix. Sales growth was led by Flavor, most notably in performance nutrition and branded food service. In EMEA, constant currency sales decreased by 1%, including a 3% impact from the divestiture of the canning business. Pricing actions of 4% were partially offset by lower volume and product mix of 2%, primarily attributable to the exit of the private label product line I mentioned earlier. In the APAC region, Flavor Solutions sales grew 5% in constant currency, with a 4% contribution from pricing and 1% volume growth. Outside of China, sales remain negatively impacted by geopolitical boycotts some of our quick service restaurant customers are experiencing in Southeast Asia. As seen on slide 16, gross profit margins expanded by 140 basis points in the first quarter versus the year ago period. Drivers in the quarter included favorable product mix, the benefit of our Comprehensive Continuous Improvement or CCI, and our Global Operating Effectiveness Program or GOE, as well as effective price realization. As we look to the second quarter, we expect gross margins to modestly expand compared to the year ago period, as we realized our highest level of pricing and cost recovery in the second quarter of 2023. This trend may differ from our historical cadence, where gross margin increases sequentially every quarter throughout the year. However, we continue to expect higher margins in the second half compared to the first half of the year. Now moving to slide 17, selling, general and administrative expenses, or SG&A, increased relative to the first quarter of last year, driven by brand marketing and research and development investments, which are partially offset by CCI and GOE cost savings. As a percentage of net sales, SG&A increased 110 basis points. Brand marketing increased significantly compared to the prior year. Our investments are yielding results, and we anticipate continuing to invest behind these efforts. Sales growth and gross margin expansion, partially offset by higher SG&A costs, resulted in an increase in adjusted operating income of 5% compared to the first quarter of 2023, and 4% in constant currency. Adjusted operating income in the consumer segment was up 2%, with minimal impact from currency. In Flavor Solutions, adjusted operating income increased 15% and included a 1% currency impact. We remain committed to restoring Flavor Solutions profitability, and in the first quarter, as expected, we drove margin expansion versus the prior year in this segment. Our performance this quarter reflects our commitment to increase our profit realization and positions us well to make continued investments in 2024 to fuel top line growth. Turning to interest expense and income taxes on slide 18. Our interest expense was comparable to the prior year. Our first quarter adjusted effective tax rate was 25.5% compared to 21.8% in the year ago period. Our tax rate in the prior year benefited from discrete tax items. We expect these benefits to occur later in the year for us in 2024. As a result, we continue to expect our tax rate to be approximately 22% for the year. Our income from unconsolidated operations in the first quarter reflects strong performance in our largest joint venture, McCormick de Mexico. We're the market leader with our McCormick branded mayonnaise, marmalades and mustard product lines in Mexico, and the business continues to contribute meaningfully to our net income and operating cash-flow results. At the bottom line, as shown on slide 20, first quarter 2024 adjusted earnings per share was $0.63 as compared to $0.59 for the year ago period. The increase was attributable to higher operating income driven by sales growth and gross margin expansion, as well as the results from McCormick de Mexico joint venture partially offset by higher adjusted effective tax rate. On slide 21, we've summarized highlights for cash flow and the balance sheet. Our cash flow from operations was strong in the first quarter $138 million compared to $103 million in 2023. The increase was primarily driven by higher operating income and working capital improvements. We returned $113 million of cash to our shareholders through dividends and used $62 million for capital expenditures. As a reminder, capital expenditures include projects to increase capacity and capabilities to meet growing demand, advance our digital transformation and optimize our cost structure. Our priority remains to have a balanced use of cash, funding investments to drive growth, returning a significant portion to our shareholders through dividends and paying down debt. Importantly, we remain committed to a strong investment grade rating and continue to expect 2024 to be another year of strong cash flow driven by profit and working capital initiatives. Now turning to our 2024 financial outlook on slide 22. Our outlook continues to reflect our prioritized investments in key categories to strengthen volume trends and drive long-term sustainable growth while appreciating the uncertainty of the consumer environment. Turning to the details. First, currency rates are expected to unfavorably impact sales, adjusted operating income and adjusted earnings per share by approximately 1%. At the top line, we continue to expect constant currency net sales to range between a decline of 1% to growth of 1%. Given the momentum in the first quarter, we expect to be closer to the midpoint to high end of our guidance range. In terms of pricing, we continue to expect a favorable impact related to the wrap of last year's pricing actions, most significantly in the first half, partially offset by our price cap management investments that will drive volume growth. We expect to drive improved volume trends as the year progresses. Through the strength of our brands and the intentional and targeted investments we are making. As we noted, our initiatives will take time to materialize and we continue to expect to return to volume growth during the second half of the year, absent any new macroeconomic headwinds. Starting in the second quarter, we will have lapped the impact of the DSD and private label product line business exits. The divestiture of the Giotti canning business will impact us through the third quarter. We expect to continue to prune lower margin business throughout the year as we optimize our portfolio. The impact of which will be reflected within the natural fluctuation of sales. Finally in China, our food away-from-home business, which is included in APAC consumer, is expected to be impacted by slower demand in the first half of the year, and as such, we expect China consumer sales to be comparable to 2023 for the full year. While we recognize there has been volatility and demand in China, we continue to believe in a long-term growth trajectory of the China business. Our 2024 gross margin is projected to range between 50 to 100 basis points higher than 2023. This gross margin expansion reflects favorable impacts from pricing, product mix, and cost savings from our CCI and GOE programs, partially offset by the anticipated impact of low single-digit increases in cost inflation and our increased investments. Additionally, we expect to begin reducing our dual running costs related to our transition to the new Flavor Solutions facility in the U.K. in the back half of the year. Moving to adjusted operating income, we expect 4% to 6% constant currency growth. This growth is projected to be driven by our gross margin expansion, as well as SG&A cost savings from our CCI and GOE programs, partially offset by investments to drive volume growth, including brand marketing. We expect our brand marketing spend to increase high single digits in 2024, reflecting a double-digit increase in investments, partially offset by CCI savings, and we continue to expect our increased investments in brand marketing to be concentrated in the first half of the year. Our 2024 adjusted effective income tax rate projection of approximately 22% is based upon our estimated mix of earnings by geography, as well as factoring in discrete impacts. We expect a mid-teens increase in our income from unconsolidated operations, reflecting the strong performance we anticipate in McCormick de Mexico. To summarize, our 2024 adjusted earnings per share projection of $2.80 to $2.85 reflects a 4% to 6% increase compared to 2023. As we head into the second quarter, let me summarize some of the puts and takes. We expect a drive volume improvement, with some pressure expected in Flavor Solutions due to the trends Brendan mentioned earlier. Fully wrapped the impact of pricing actions we took in the prior year and activated a significant portion of our price cap management efforts, and continue our investments in brand marketing, as our programs are working and driving growth. As a result, our operating profit will likely be less robust for the second quarter. However, we continue to anticipate strong profit growth in the second half of the year. As Brendan noted, we are dedicated to improving volumes. We are prioritizing our investments to drive impactful results and return to differentiated and sustainable volume-led growth. We remain confident in the underlying fundamentals of our business and delivering on the profitable growth reflected in our 2024 financial outlook.
Brendan Foley : Thank you, Mike. Before moving to Q&A, I would like to close with our key takeaway on slide 23. First quarter results in our volume trajectory demonstrate that we are making the right investments to drive long-term sustainable organic growth and reinforces our confidence. We are executing on proven strategies and investing behind our business with speed and agility and in alignment to consumer behavior, and capitalizing on our advantage categories across segments. We are able to do this and continue to make great progress on managing costs, led by our GOE and CCI programs, to support our increased investments in the business and drive margin expansion. Our performance for the quarter, coupled with our growth plans, give us confidence in achieving the mid-to-high end of our projected constant currency sales growth for 2024. Finally, I want to recognize McCormick employees around the world for their contributions and reiterate my confidence that together we will drive the profitable growth reflected in our 2024 outlook. Now, for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Andrew Lazar : Great, thanks. Good morning, Brendan and Mike.
Brendan Foley: Good morning, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar : Maybe to start off, your first quarter organic sales obviously came in better than I think the Street had forecast and sounds like maybe better than you might have initially expected, but of course, it's a seasonally smaller quarter for McCormick as well. And while you did confirm the full year sales growth range, obviously it was notable in your comments about having increased confidence and achieving the mid-to-high end of your constant currency sales growth range for the full year. So I was hoping maybe you could give us a sense of some of the specifics of what gives you that greater confidence now than when you first gave guidance last quarter?
Brendan Foley: Well, thanks Andrew for the question. Maybe just to open up with, a couple of remarks that I think drive at the heart of your question. We did have a strong quarter. We drove a little bit more on sales, which does give us confidence to be in that mid to upper half of our range. And I think importantly, we accomplished the things that we said we would do, and we made a lot of good progress. We drove sequential improvement, volume improvement in our core categories, especially on spices and seasonings. We said this would be a year of investment, and we were able to quickly execute the programs that we intended to get out in the market. That was an example of increased brand marketing, new product launches are performing well from 2023, and that targeted price gap management execution, and at the same time, we did expand margins. So we are pleased with the results, yet it is the start of the year, and it's our smallest quarter as you called out, and so we're keeping it in perspective. But this is strong progress, and so I think that gives us some of that confidence going into the rest of the year. As we noted on the call or probably as you expect, our pricing assumptions haven't changed. So this doesn't imply that volumes are improving as we go through the year. We have targeted investments, and we continue to expect to improve those volume trends as the year progresses and to drive volume growth during the second half of the year. We're focused on what we can control, and we're confident in those initiatives that we've called out, and hopefully you've heard the proof points that we've cited. We don't necessarily guide by quarter or segment or region, but we can provide some additional color in that. From the segment level, we'd expect those volumes to be relatively similar. We see that same volume growth in both segments in the second half, and as we did call out, the Flavor Solutions volume does fluctuate quarter-to-quarter, so that's something that we still expect to see across our business, largely attributed just to customer activity. But we do feel like there is a lot of good momentum, I think that we've established. The drivers of what's delivering this, we made substantial investments in the first half of the year on increased brand marketing. So it already happened in Q1. We expect to do some more of that in Q2. We also have new product launches coming out in 2024. For instance, we called out that flavor maker line that's going into bricks and mortar or we have a lot of Frank's innovation coming out in the marketplace as we lead into the grilling season, and we're really quite pleased with our category management and renovation across our portfolio. So I think that would speak to our confidence in the year as we continue to move forward.
Andrew Lazar : Great. Then, I know volumes, specifically in Consumer Americas, I think were down about 6% in the fourth quarter last year, and as you noted, down a much more modest, sort of less than 3% in the first quarter. Would you expect Consumer Americas volume to sort of continue to improve sequentially from here? And again, in that segment, that it could inflect a positive during the second half of the year? Or are some of the headwinds you pointed out that still exist in Consumer Americas still more of a challenge to that?
Brendan Foley: Let me give more context around Q1, and then that might also help provide sort of a foundation for how to think about the year to go. The volume decline of 2.6% in the Americas for Q1, it was really coming through two key factors. One is that DSD exit that we've spoken about quite a bit over the last four quarters. So that definitely was one of the drivers of that 2.6%, and then that decline in the prepared food categories as we noted on the call. So, if you exclude those two factors, volume growth in Consumer Americas would have been flat to slightly positive. So I think that's kind of a, helps to sort of set a foundation for how we think about the year to go. Also, in our key categories in Q1, growth in spices and seasonings and recipe mixes was pretty healthy. It was offset by declines in mustard and hot sauce. So, that's other context I think we would provide against Q1. As we look forward to the year, we expect volumes to continue to sequentially improve and drive volume growth as we get into the second half. So, that would probably be the best perspective I could provide on that.
Mike Smith: I think  to think about too, this is not just about Americas Consumer. I mean, we're building volume globally in the consumer side, and a lot of the same brand building activities, such as increased A&P, we talked about this in the call, is in all regions. So we continue to support those brands globally in each of our regions, not just Americas.
Andrew Lazar : Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Peter Galbo with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Peter Galbo: Hey, guys. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question.
Brendan Foley: Sure.
Peter Galbo: Mike, maybe just to follow up on Andrew's question, I think if you strip out DSD, the exit in the first quarter, you still kind of had a ship ahead or consumption ahead of what the scanner data would have said in North American Consumers. So maybe, I know you probably don't want to give like basis point level detail, but if you could kind of rank between untracked, some of that co-manufacturing you do, some of the upside drivers relative, I guess to the scanner data that drove kind of the positive variant in the quarter.
Mike Smith: Peter, thanks for your question on that. On an apples-to-apples basis, our consumption is roughly in line with our sales and we are shipping to consumption. What's probably driving the U.S. consumption, lagging on Americas consumer sales is we had good growth in Latin America and Canada and that contributed to our total growth. But we also delivered growth in unmeasured, excluding that DSD business exit that we talked about. So we do expect and continue the alignment between consumption and shipments moving forward. We don't really believe that there's any sort of inventory movement that we can call out at this point in time. But it's also important to call out that in that unmeasured growth was primarily driven by e-commerce. It represents this globally for us, about 10% of our total consumer sales, and so that's pretty healthy and positive. But we've seen double digit growth in all of 2023 in e-commerce and did again in Q1. So we continue to believe that e-commerce is a growth channel, and we do continue to put resources up against it. But coming back to sort of the top of your question on the influences on measured channels, I would probably think about that as one thing to consider and think about. But largely, we really believe that our shipments and consumption are broadly in line with.
Peter Galbo : Got it. No, that's helpful. And then maybe guys, just I wanted to clarify on China, because the slide seemed to say maybe two things. I think in the China Consumer business, which I know is kind of more branded food service, there was some weakness. But then on China Flavor Solutions, you talk about strength in QSRs in China. So just wanted to maybe unpack a bit more on those because it seemed to be saying two different things and get a better read kind of between those two sub-segments. Thanks very much.
Brendan Foley: Sure. I'll make a couple of comments here, and Mike might have some things to add. We are not thinking about China any differently than what we said last quarter. It largely met our expectations for the first quarter, both from a consumer segment perspective and a flavor solution segment perspective. And we continue to expect that for total 2024, China Consumer sales to be comparable to 2023. Broadly our outlook for the Chinese consumer does remain cautious. I mean, there are several reasons to continue to think that way, persisting unemployment with young adults, reduced consumer confidence. Consumers are still somewhat reluctant to spend. In our business, and that falls into our consumer segment, is sales to smaller independent restaurants and they are losing some traffic to the larger QSR chains. That might be where you're hearing us say two different things. So off of that is some perspective around that. Yet, like we do with other regions, we have plans in flight to address how we're looking at China and the changing trends of Chinese consumers. We do expect our Flavor Solutions business to be stronger in 2024, just based on the trends that we're seeing. So, that's I think, some of the perspective. Mike, do you want to add anything?
Mike Smith: Yeah, I think, we were in China about two months ago and saw a lot of these trends with QSRs, big established QSRs were starting to gain share and drive some traffic into their stores versus that kind of smaller mom and pop type stores. I mean, I would just give you context to this kind of talk as we talk about our whole Flavor Solutions business. The QSR business in some parts of the world, like China, is really doing well. Other parts, it's a bit challenged. So as you think about our guidance, those are things that you can talk about the Flavor Solutions business is lumpy in part due to the fact that, our CPG customers and QSR customers control new product launches and there's foot traffic and things like that. But China has started off strong on the QSR side, which is great.
Peter Galbo : Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Max Gumport with BNP Paribas. Please proceed with your question.
Max Gumport : Hey, thanks for the question.
Brendan Foley: Good morning.
Max Gumport : The last quarter you talked about making, good progress on restoring distribution that was lost to past supply issues. And it sounded like you're reiterating that commentary and that you still have line of sight to making some good progress on getting that distribution back following customer resets the middle of this year. I was just curious if you could give us a bit more color on some of the updated insights you've gotten over the past couple of months since we last heard from you on what you are seeing, what you are hearing with regard to customer wins in U.S. spices and seasoning. Thanks.
Brendan Foley: Thanks for the question, Max. Yeah, as a reminder, the proactive discontinuations over the course of the last two years make up roughly 50% of the TDP losses that we experienced. So just a reminder, as background on that and then of the TDP that we lost really due to supply, we've recovered really quite a bit of it, not entirely all of it, but a lot of it. I think the context, I would add on top of that in terms of what we're seeing right now, across our core categories, we're really making pretty good progress. So, for example, just on recipe mix, our total distribution points were up again in Q1 and at this point, we probably have the highest TDPs that we've seen in that category, probably compared to the last three or four years, and our share of TDPs is really quite healthy and strong. On hot sauce, again our TDPs were up in Q1, and we have the highest total TDP points on that business too, in the last three years. Mustard, similar situation, TDPs were up again in Q1, and we have the highest total TDPs and on that one, the share of TDPs in the last three years. So, a number of those categories, we feel like we're doing quite well and progressing quite nicely, up against this. In spices and seasonings, we're also making pretty good progress. In about five of our top six segments, we're seeing TDP growth. Broadly right now, TDP shares is flat for us, but we expect that to improve as we go through the year. A lot of these resets, when you think about any category or mostly that tend to happen in the middle of the year. We think towards the end of Q2, those will start to reflect on shelf. So I wouldn't say for all of Q2, but definitely as we go into the back half of the year, we think there'll be more full reflection of the gains that we think we've won.
Max Gumport : Great. And then one more on Flavor Solutions. So, it's nice to see the positive volume growth to start the year. It was a bit earlier than we all expected, at least from RC. I know you called out that this segment can have fluctuations, whether it's due to limited time offerings or promotional timing, new product launches, what have you. With that comment, are there any things you know about right now that would make you think we could see some step back in Q2? Or is it more just trying to let us know that this is a segment that is more volatile and there's potentially reason to think that we could see a dip back to flatter performance in Q2? I'll leave it there. Thanks.
Mike Smith: Yeah, this is Mike. I think you're right. We're really happy with the first quarter performance there, the sequential improvement. But, some of our regions, the QSR business is pretty material, such as the EMEA. It's very public, some of the customers coming out talking about the food traffic. So, I think as Brendan said in the call, the second quarter, there is a bit of headwind there on the Flavor Solutions side, so I wouldn't be surprised by that. But, as Brendan said, too, the second half, both for Consumer and Flavor Solutions volume, we're expecting strength. I think about our performance, too, in halves versus quarters, because quarters can get very weak. That makes a difference sometimes. So, within the first half, we're still calling for kind of flattish volume, second half volume growth across the business. So, think about it in those terms, too.
Max Gumport : Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Adam Samuelson : Yes, thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Brendan Foley: Good morning, Adam.
Adam Samuelson : So I guess, I wanted to dig in a little more on the Americas Consumer business and just maybe provide a little more context, Brendan, Mike, on the point on spices and seasonings and the unit share kind of improvement. Just is that was that coming through faster than you expected? Is that tracking as you thought and just retail sales broadly in January in particular accelerated for the for the whole industry? A little bit of weather and some of that channel shift that you alluded to seems like its gone back to the same similar trend through February. Was that  do you think you've held that unit share through existing the quarter through February or was there some bigger uplift towards the end of the quarter there?
Brendan Foley: Yeah, Adam I'm happy to provide more context on spices and seasonings. Just maybe speaking first to broadly what we saw in the industry, I think through the first quarter. As our prepared remarks noted, if you think about what appeared to be a very sort of challenging, difficult Q4, we started to see more center of store improvement compared to Q4 broadly, and maybe that came at the expense of food-away-from home to some degree. Certainly a cold winter always benefits McCormick. We like to see people make a lot of chili, and so that always is great for part of our recipe mixed business. But, what we're speaking specifically to spices and seasonings here. So, we tend to think about this from a different perspective. What's really driving I think our performance right now is, I would point out maybe a couple of things that are benefiting our business. Our new packaging continues to increase velocity on shelf and we're rolling out more of that. It's just pulling through and more of it will be complete by the end of the second quarter. So we're at 75% at the end of Q4. We believe that we're obviously somewhere between 75% and 100% at this point in time, and so that's driving improvement. We are recapturing distribution points too, and we think that sequential improvement led to some positive. That plus our increase in advertising and the velocity of our new  coming from our new packaging led to unit share gains at the end of the quarter. That increase in advertising, I think certainly was one of the things that we think led a lot of our positive trends in our business in spices and seasonings. So, these are some of the things that we've spoken to I think from not only the fourth quarter call but also at CAGNY and I would just reiterate them here. The collection or the integration of all of that together we believe is driving the right level of performance on the business overall.
Adam Samuelson : Okay, that's helpful. And then maybe just to follow up from Mike, just the comments on the second quarter and the gross margin that will be up modestly year-over-year. I guess I'm just trying to make sense of from a  should we be thinking about SG&A percent of sales similar to the first quarter? It doesn't seem like your top line, maybe a little bit of setback in Flavor Solutions sequentially in terms of the top line. But it doesn't seem like you're talking about a big setback probably in terms of the overall company sales. I know last year was a tougher comp on price cost, but I guess I'm trying to just make sure I understand why it would seem like the profit growth, if not the profit dollars themselves are decelerating.
Mike Smith: I think, Adam, maybe think about it this way. I mean, second quarter is kind of an inflection point for us. The pricing which for the first quarter was about 2.7% and think about it for the year is going to be at 1%. So, second, third, and fourth quarters is coming down. While volume is turning positive and we're getting sequentially improvements, in that second quarter you don't have as much cover for pricing and your volume while it's improving isn't to the level it is in the second half. So that is  in second quarter, as I said in the remarks, we're activating some of our price cap management activities more than in the first quarter. So that puts a little pressure on the sales line and the profit line. But we're confident those investments, including increased A&P, which we had in the first quarter but also in the second quarter too, will contribute to driving sequential volume improvement in both Q2 but in the second half. So, I think what you're getting a little bit is a bit of a  like I said, it's an inflection point before the volume growth, which we'll talk about in the second half. So, it puts a little pressure on margins. We're still having positive margin improvement versus last year, but if you think about last year, that was like the sweet spot of when our pricings were really going in, overcoming the cost impacts. We talked about that last second quarter. So that was  at that point our margins were up 300 basis points from the prior year, I think it was. But we still see, again back to the first half, second half really good margin improvement in the second half for the first half. The first half is about investments. We benefited in the first quarter also, the wrap GOE programs, things like that too, which did help the first quarter, but a lot of moving parts in the second. That's why we tried to give you a little bit of summary in the script.
Adam Samuelson : The color is appreciated. I'll pass it on. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with TD Cowen. Please proceed with your question.
Robert Moskow: Hi. Just a couple of follow-ups. Thanks. Can you remind us again what percent of the portfolio in the U.S. are you executing this price gap strategy? I think you said it's 50%? And maybe a little more color on what segments you're working on right now and what you're learning from that. Secondarily, I think you mentioned some dollar trial sizes in hot sauces. I haven't seen that. Can you explain a little bit why you think that's incremental to the category? Is your competition doing it? And if so, are they gaining any share as a result, or is it really just helping everybody? Thanks.
Brendan Foley: Thanks, Rob. So, let me address  I just want to make sure I don't forget your second question as I address yours. With regard to price gap management, I mean I think I just would go back to confirming what we've said also at CAGNY, is that that program and those efforts, which is quite targeted on a skew-by-skew basis, represents less than 15% of our Americas
Robert Moskow: 15%
Mike Smith: Yeah, 15%, its 15 not 50.
Robert Moskow: I thought you maybe said 50%, and it's 15%.
Brendan Foley: And it's really being applied to targeted parts of our spices and seasonings category and recipe mixes. So, we're also taking price gap management efforts selectively across other regions. I would say EMEA is an example of that. But this is just part of, I think, good tactical blocking and tackling on the parts of our portfolio where we think maybe a price point just simply isn't at a place where it could be successful. So, that's the color I would add to that. Now, specifically on your question on hot sauce, the background I would first provide, hey, this is an attractive category. There's always, particularly more so than most categories, a lot of new competition always entering in the category. So, this is something that we live and operate with all the time. We do have underlying strength in our base business on hot sauce and really healthy consumer loyalty. Our plans remain pretty consistent. We're fueling a lot of growth through increasing both Cholula and Frank's brand marketing. In fact, Frank's is going to be activated all 12 months of the year in terms of being on air, and that's the first time we're doing that. And to really tap into the growth that we've seen in this segment, and we are also expanding distribution. But our underlying trends are pretty good. Now, more recently, particularly in like the end of the fourth quarter, the beginning of the first quarter, we've seen retailers push the concept of trial sizes, like at $1 price point. And it's created, obviously, a lot of consumer value when you have just a really low opening price point of $1 for something that's like an ounce or less of product. But it's resulted in significant unit growth. It's been driving down sort of the category of volume and dollar growth that maybe we had been seeing, going into this time period. So that is pressuring our share performance, particularly on units, if you might imagine. A lot of this is driven by gifting during the holidays, and so you could see sort of the big spike, and then it's kind of decelerating since then. But, we still believe it's something that's contributing positively to the category because it's adding new users to the category. We've evaluated, how much of it's coming from new households versus existing households, and the majority of its coming from new households into the category. So that's always a positive. We're taking some of these learnings and looking at, our own efforts at having a trial size and competing in this kind of promotional area. Because we think it's obviously anything that drives trial and awareness in the category we think is healthy. And importantly, it's also building upon actions that we already have in place behind hot sauce, which is a lot of innovation coming out this year. I would say, particularly a lot on Frank's, but also Cholula. We're increasing the A&P support on all the brands. Where we have traditional promotional periods for these categories, we're just making sure they're at the right times during the year and on key use of education. Obviously, the summer certainly lends itself to that. Like think of the Mayo too, so that's the context on hot sauce.
Robert Moskow : Okay, I got it. And just to follow up on the 15%, as you make it through the year, just optically we see market share data that still doesn't look like it's where you want it to be from $1 basis in spices and seasonings. Is it possible that the other 85% of the portfolio might also need to be addressed in terms of price gaps? Or are you comfortable that you don't need to take any action there?
Brendan Foley: I think we're comfortable that we don't need to take any action. And we are, pretty precise, if I might say that in terms of how we apply this and where it best needs to be applied. But I also have to say, we're constantly evaluating this. So every month we're looking at data and results and deciding whether or not, something's in the right place. But, I think we have a lot of confidence that we're focusing on the right, percentage of the business. But, to speak more specifically, I think to just share perspective around that. While we don't guide to market share of a specificity, I think the trends in our business right now are going in the right direction, and in many ways delivering against what we would expect to see, which is, that focus on share improvement for us as we're looking at our business plans, first begins with improving unit growth. And then we expect dollar, to sort of follow on top of that. But, like in U.S. spices and seasonings we're seeing that type of performance right now. So just also appreciate, this is a big integrated effort with a lot of other activities, too, including increased brand marketing, innovation, price spec architecture, other category management efforts that we're putting forth. So, I wouldn't single out any one of those levers, but actually they all work together, and that's sort of the perspective I would add on top of your question.
Robert Moskow : Got it. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Matt Smith with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Matthew Smith : Hi. Good morning. I wanted to ask a follow-up question on that targeted price gap management in the U.S. consumer spices and seasonings business, particularly in terms of phasing as you've built up or are you targeting 15% of the portfolio, meaning was it more targeted in the fourth quarter? You made some progress against the 15% that you're targeting in the first quarter, and there's still some more to go in these categories where you see the opportunity to use your price gap management tools to improve share. Should we expect that to continue to build into the second quarter?
Mike Smith: Hey, Matt. Let me kick off here, and then Mike [inaudible]. I think as you think about that 15%, again, I would stress 15, not 50, is that is a total look at the year. So, indeed, I would say our Q1 isn't necessarily at that level yet, and we would expect to start to hit that type of percentage of our business as we go through the year. So, just quickly off the top, I wanted to help provide some of that context around your question, Mike.
Mike Smith: No, and Matt, good question. And just as I said in the script, the second quarter is a bit of pressure because it does more activation in the second quarter. So, you're right, a little bit in the fourth, more in the first. Second quarter is when it's really almost fully activated quite nicely so. But, again, these are investments that drive that volume growth building throughout the year, which we  the early results of the fourth and first quarter investments have been very positive, combined with the A&P and things like Brendan just mentioned, so that holistic program.
Matthew Smith : Thank you for that. And you talked about some particular portions of the portfolio in the U.S. that are challenged, particularly mustard or your frozen prepared foods. Can you talk about some of the  your outlook for the improvement in those categories? Do you have plans in place to address some of the lower price points in mustard, and is it really just the consumer recovery that's going to drive the improvement in your frozen prepared foods?
Brendan Foley: So, I'll speak first to mustard. We just, again, readdressed sort of the context and the background on this. We definitely are seeing sort of a lot of low price points in private label, fairly low, which impacted our consumption, and it's driving down the category dollars, but importantly, it's impacting, our trajectory on consumption. So, we do plan to improve those trends in 2024. Largely, I think we're going to look at increasing promotional programs. We have a big grilling season, quite excited, actually, about the grilling season coming up. Mustards a big part of that as are a number of items within our portfolio. That plus, just making sure we are at the right price points, I think, across that business. We're also strengthening distribution, too, which will strengthen trends on top of that. So, that's a perspective on mustard. It will continue to get better, but as we were talking about in the fourth quarter, I don't know that we saw  what we saw in the first quarter was, contrary to what we were expecting as we start to implement those plans, particularly as we get to the grilling season. On the prepared foods category that we spoke to, we're riding the trends right now in the marketplace, and I think that's what you would expect to see us  how we would see us perform. It's a smaller part of our portfolio. We would not kind of call it this part of that core, and so we are really, I think, just watching the trends, making sure we follow what's going on in the category, and we're treating it much like in that manner.
Mike Smith: Yeah, I think about it, too. You think about  we've talked about our portfolio management and this is part of that. We're making sure that items we have in our portfolio, just whether on the consumer or Flavor Solution side, we can improve business that doesn't meet our target, so you'll see some of that probably in this area too, but we won't be calling it out as a separate item.
Matthew Smith: Thank you for that. I can pass it on.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Tom Palmer with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Tom Palmer : Good morning, and thanks for the question. I wanted to ask on just the shelf resets coming later in the second quarter. Is this incremental from a shelf space standpoint? I mean, is there going to be, depending on how the timing goes, the potential for some favorable shipment timing as we think about the second quarter? I would assume that's not factored into your outlook. I just want to understand kind of the moving parts there, and also kind of if that's the key driver of this expanded shelf set. Thanks.
Brendan Foley: Well, we do believe that when we gain in TDPs or distribution, we do that as incremental to our presence in the market at that time. I think speaking to its impact on the second quarter, we feel like we've got that called in our outlook for the rest of the year. So I don't know if there's anything specific I want to identify for the second quarter behind this, and when exactly all that stuff ships, etc. I think that's a level of detail we just probably wouldn't be getting into at this point.
Mike Smith: I think, Thomas, maybe as your saying, I think you are kind of focusing on the shelf renovation with the new bottles. That's been rolling out from the end of last year into this year, and that's really not a big shipment, that's what we're replacing. It's kind of going  it's not a big reset. It's the same size bottle basically. It fits on a roll bin, so we're just kind of filling the pipeline with that. So you're not going to see a big spike. Now, you will see better velocity and things like that, which is why we did it, and that will build throughout the year. Some of the resets we talked about with winning new business on other categories, those shelf sets happen sometime in the second quarter and will benefit us in the second half. So there's kind of two different thoughts there as you think about it. And welcome to the call. It's your first call with us, Thomas.
Tom Palmer : Thank you. I'll leave it at that. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question this morning comes from the line of Rob Dickerson with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Rob Dickerson : Great. Thanks. Just one up-front question, two mechanical ones. So I just want to go back, I guess, for the last time, the last question, just to kind of the delta we're seeing in the track channel data, which clearly all of us look at, and then what you did in overall consumer in Americas was better. And I think I heard you say like Latin America was doing well. I know e-comm sounds like it's growing double digit. But I'm still trying to get a little bit more color, because I feel like if e-comm had been growing double digit or Latin America kind of had already been doing well, like there's got to be some delta in there that's driving the difference between what we're seeing in that track channel data, relative to what you report, because it clearly was much better in Q1 versus, let's say, the prior three years. So then as we're all looking at that data going forward, like should we I guess think that you will be tracking nicely ahead of that data given the same drivers or maybe not, because you are also saying you shift to consumption, but it's not what we see, and it's not what we've seen for the past like 11 quarters. So just there was something in there, and that's why we're all asking, but I just didn't really get it.
Mike Smith: Well, Rob, I think there's possibly two different questions there. I'll make an attempt at what I think you are getting at, which is what we're seeing in our business, and we read our business through Circana, and that's a much broader, more refined view of our categories, and so we are reflecting that kind of data in our performance as we talk about it. Compared to what Nielsen might be reporting, I think traditionally over time we've seen differences in that reporting. We don't really reconcile that on the call or do anything of that nature, but there have been at times a difference in what Nielsen might be reporting in terms of how they are capturing the category versus the more refined, higher level, broader view as we look at spices and seasonings in our category. So that might address part of your question. Now, the other half of that could be, it's about unmeasured channels, etc., and I would go back to the comments that I made earlier that we largely see everything pretty much being in line between shipments and consumption. We are getting a lot of strong growth in e-commerce, as I called out earlier in the call. So that certainly is something that could create a difference in the numbers and the metrics, and obviously good performance in Canada and Latin America. I'm going to pause to see if maybe we thoughtfully addressed, I think.
Rob Dickerson: Yeah, no, I think that's fair. That's fair. That's fair. Totally get it. I just thought I'd ask one last time. And then just quickly on the Mexico business, the JV, I know guidance is for mid-teens. I think its mid-teens growth for the year. You put up like 50% in Q1. So maybe just kind of, if you could just discuss kind of what actually did occur to drive that growth in Q1. And then given what we saw in Q1 should  like why do you think you'd still grow mid-teens if you are already so ahead?
Brendan Foley: No, our McMexs [ph] joint venture had a great first quarter. I mean it's comping against a weaker first quarter too, so there's some of that in there. It's a little bit too early to call it the year. Just like here, there's the economy in Mexico. There's a lot of price volume things that are going through also as they've managed the year. So again, strong underlying business and were really happy with it, but yes, we're hoping the rest of the year is just as strong as the first quarter, but it's a little bit too early to call on that one.
Rob Dickerson: Okay. Alright, alright, fair enough. And then just quickly, Mike.
Brendan Foley: I'm glad you asked that question, because we don't get a lot. I mean, it's such a large part of our portfolio. It gets ignored because it's below operating profit, but very profitable business. We have dominant  well, not dominant, but we have real strong brand positions down there across a couple of categories. And we export into the U.S., too, mayonnaise and other things too. So it's really, really good business for us.
Rob Dickerson: Yeah, and it was actually a core driver of net income. Anyway, and then I guess just Mike, quickly. I don't think I heard you speak to interest expense guidance, but you do frequently provide that. So I don't know if you have that, and that's all I have.
Brendan Foley: The fact that we didn't provide it means it's not really that material. We only  I think last year was the first year we provided it, but it was roughly equal for the first quarter, so I wouldn't expect a whole lot of change for the year.
Rob Dickerson: Cool. Thank you so much. Perfect.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes our question-and-answer session. I'll turn the floor back to Ms. Freiha for any final comments.
Faten Freiha: Thank you, and thanks to all for joining today's call. If you have any further questions regarding today's information, please feel free to contact me. This concludes our conference call.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-01-25 08:00:00) =====
Faten Freiha: Good morning. This is Faten Freiha, VP of Investor Relations. Thank you for joining today's Fourth Quarter Earnings Call. To accompany this call, we posted a set of slides on our IR website, ir.mccormick.com. With me this morning are Brendan Foley, President and CEO; Mike Smith, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Kasey Jenkins, Chief Growth Officer. During this call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. The nature of those non-GAAP financial measures and the related reconciliations to the GAAP results are included in this morning's press release and slides. In our comments, certain percentages are rounded. Please refer to our presentation for complete information. Today's presentation contains projections and other forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from those projected. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether because of new information, future events or other factors. Please refer to our forward-looking statements on Slide 2 for more information. I will now turn the discussion over to Brendan.
Brendan Foley: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Let me start by sharing what we will cover in the morning's call. I will begin with an overview of our fourth quarter year-over-year results, focusing on top-line drivers. Next, I will briefly reflect on our full year 2023 performance and share our plans and building blocks to improve volume in 2024. Mike will then go into more depth on the fourth quarter financial results and the details of our 2024 financial outlook. And finally, before your questions, I will share some closing comments, including our key priorities as I begin my first full year as CEO. Turning now to our results on Slide 4. I want to start by acknowledging that our top-line results for the fourth quarter did not meet our expectations, as volume trends decelerated relative to the third quarter. There was greater-than-expected pressure on the consumer that drove changes in their behavior, which impacted our growth. We did, however, see sequential improvement in several key areas within our portfolio, underscoring that our strategies and initiatives are working, as I will highlight in a moment. That said, we do recognize that consumers are exhibiting even more value-seeking behavior, they are increasing shopping trips, reducing basket size and making just-in-time purchases, creating further uncertainty in the consumer environment. I want to be clear that we are dedicated to improving volumes. We have refined our plans and are prioritizing our investments to drive impactful results, and return to differentiated and sustainable volume-led growth, and you should expect improvement over the coming year and into 2025 and beyond. Now let's go to our fourth quarter performance in more detail. Turning to Slide 5. In our fourth quarter, sales increased 3%, including a 1% favorable impact from currency. In constant currency, sales grew 2%, reflecting a 5% contribution from pricing, which was partially offset by a 3% decline in volume and product mix. As expected, the benefit from the China recovery was fully offset by the impact of our strategic decisions to exit DSD -- Direct Store Delivery, of our bagged Hispanic spices in the Americas, and the exit of a private label product line and the divestiture of a small canning business, which was part of our Giotti Flavor Solutions operations in EMEA.  Starting with where results differed from expectations. In Americas Consumer, we expected volume declines in the prepared food categories that we participate in, like frozen and Asian. But the decline was greater than we anticipated due to the more challenging macro trends and was broadly consistent with the performance of these categories. For mustard in the Americas, extremely low price points in private label impacted our consumption and is driving down category dollars. We plan to improve our volume trends in 2024 by narrowing price gaps, increasing promotions and, importantly, through distribution wins. Recipe mixes in the Americas showed increased stress from crossing key price points due to previous pricing actions. We have a plan to address these to return to volume growth. In our flavors product category, some of our consumer packaged food group customers experienced greater softness in volumes within their own business, more than we expected in both the Americas and EMEA. Finally, our growth of quick service restaurants and Flavor Solutions was impacted by slower than expected restaurant traffic in EMEA and Asia Pacific. Within Asia Pacific, some of our customers are experiencing boycotts in Southeast Asia related to geopolitical events. We are monitoring the situation and anticipate continued softness in these customer's volume to continue into 2024. Turning to what met our expectations in the quarter; we drove volume growth for a second quarter in a row in America spices and seasonings. In branded food service, our growth was strong across the portfolio driven by volume. In Asia Consumer, our recovery from COVID-related disruptions in China was in line with the expectations we had at the beginning of the quarter. Outside of China, for the quarter, our volume growth was strong across all categories. In EMEA Consumer, consistent with the third quarter, pricing actions contributed to double digit growth, which pressured volumes. Now I'd like to further build on some of the initiatives within our growth levers, notably increased brand marketing, targeted price gap management, new products and packaging renovation, which have already proven to strengthen our volume trends in key areas. We have intentionally chosen our investments in these areas as we believe they will generate the most significant returns. We are confident our investments will continue to drive improved results in 2024, and we expect to invest more, positioning us further for success in 2025 and going forward. First, America's spices and seasonings is a priority investment area for us, given our category leadership and its profitable growth potential for both McCormick and our customers. Our initiatives are driving U.S. branded sales volume growth, which strength during the fourth quarter in holiday performance. And looking at consumption, we continue to sequentially improve share trends again in the fourth quarter both in terms of dollars and units. We continue to activate initiatives of price gap management, innovation, packaging and a meaningful step-up in brand marketing support for America's spices and seasonings. And the results have begun to materialize, demonstrating that we have the right plans and are taking the right actions to grow in this attractive category. The renovation of our U.S. core everyday herb and spice portfolio, which began in the second quarter of 2023, continues to roll out according to plan. At the end of the fourth quarter, we had shifted about 75% of our renovated SKUs. And notably, products that have fully transitioned on shelf experienced stronger velocity. We are pleased with our results to date, which increased our confidence that this renovation will be a strong contribution to our growth in 2024 as our customers' shelves continue to transition. We are making progress on restoring distribution that was lost due to past supply issues. We have secured wins and new distribution. We expect to largely start seeing the impact of our actions in our results mid-2024, coinciding with most of our customers' shelf resets. Overall, we have a robust set of initiatives in flight and anticipate making progress throughout the year. I would expect growth in share gains in units and volume to lead our trends. Spending a moment on spices and seasonings and other key markets. Similar initiatives as in the U.S. are driving volume growth and share gains in Canada, France and Australia. We also renovated our spice and herb portfolio in Southeast Asia, with the same innovative packaging as the U.S. and EMEA, and began shipping the new products in the fourth quarter. We are supporting this transition with increased marketing spend in the first quarter. Next, in branded foodservice, we achieved strong volume growth across all customer segments. Our foodservice operators continue to expand their value menu options, and they are turning to our products to deliver great taste for a fraction of their costs. We drove share gains in spices and seasonings as well as our hot sauce share of tabletop, with expanded distribution, new products, customer wins and increased menu penetration, as well as our expertise in heat. Heat continues to be a growth accelerator globally for total McCormick, outpacing the rest of the portfolio as customers and consumers alike continue to drive demand in this flavor profile. New products contributed to fourth quarter growth. For instance, in the U.S., our Cholula salsas in the Mexican aisle are building distribution and bringing new consumers to the category. And our branded food service items, Frank's Mild Wings Sauce and Frank's Nashville Hot continue to perform at. In the U.K., Australia, we are driving hot sauce category growth with Cholula gaining momentum on shelf. In the U.S., we secured new hot sauce distribution during the quarter. And in the first quarter, we are launching new Frank's RedHot dips and popular flavors in a squeeze bottle format, as well as our national launch of Frank's Dill Pickle. We are well positioned going into our Super Bowl merchandising period. In summary, our investments in the key areas I just highlighted favorably impacted both our volume and margin performance for the quarter. Moving to gross margin. We are pleased with our performance, which continued to improve as the year progressed. Our results reflect effective price realization, the optimization of our cost structure and favorable product mix, driven by our portfolio optimization and focus in key areas. While confident in our ability to return to our historical margin profile in the near term, we will use improvements in our profitability to fuel continued investments in our business to drive our top line. We are in a strong position to benefit from the virtuous flywheel of margin expansion given the work that's been done throughout the business, and we are able to intentionally focus our investments on areas that we expect will have the greatest impact on improving volume performance and driving sustainable profit growth. Reflecting on our full year 2023 performance, I am proud of the progress we made in advancing our business in the right direction and our team is focused on returning to our long-term growth algorithm, strengthening our margins, significantly improving our cash flow, paying down our debt and reducing our leverage ratio. All have put McCormick in a position of strength to further invest with a focus on growth. Our foundation is strong. We have proven and powerful brands, and the results we are seeing from our refined and strengthened plans provide confidence in the effectiveness of our strategies and investments. Our initiatives will take time to materialize, and we expect volume trends to improve throughout the year and volume growth during the second half, notwithstanding any new macroeconomic headwinds. The pace of margin recovery to historical levels will take time as our focus is on investing to drive sustainable sales growth to generate quality earnings for years to come. I also want to highlight on share performance, that we are approaching our plans differently with an even greater competitive posture and more intentionality towards driving growth in our key categories. Now, let me highlight some ways in which we will drive growth through category management, brand marketing, new products, our proprietary technologies and our differentiated customer engagement. Starting in our Consumer segment with category management, where a key capability is revenue management, we have been building our discipline in revenue management for several years and have a history of optimizing pricing on shelf to benefit both McCormick and the retailer. As you would expect, this has become even more important in recent years. In the current environment, we are taking a surgical approach to managing our price gaps to private label and branded competitors, accelerating our efforts across various products and are seeing results. In our spices and seasonings category, we selected individual items we believe would be the most responsive based on the elasticities we were experiencing. For instance, in our iconic Black Pepper and Vanilla product lines, our actions proved to be effective. We are recapturing buyers, increasing household penetration and are driving profitable volume growth that is outpacing the category volume growth in these product lines. As I mentioned earlier, across key price points in Americas recipe mixes and are also leaning into our revenue management execution in this category. For example, in the fourth quarter, we focused on gravy as a key holiday item, which drove results, contributing to our successful holiday season. We expect to see further results from our actions as we work through the portfolio. Across all markets, our diverse portfolio allows us flexibility to optimize our pricing effectiveness. We look at both our everyday price and our promotional returns as well as use innovation, including price pack architecture to drive growth. These investments we make in price gap management result in greater volumes and improved margins over time. Importantly, customers that are adopting our recommendations are seeing better category performance, and McCormick is driving volume and share growth in their respective businesses. We are prioritizing brand marketing connecting with consumers and fueling growth with our increased investments. We have a history of investing behind our brands and did so again in 2023. We plan for a strong start to 2024, with aggressive first quarter brand marketing investments which are well underway. We expect a significant increase for the year, concentrated to the first half. We will continue to invest across various channels. We plan to further drive household penetration and increase buy rates with additional focus in retail media. Our first quarter plans include an increased Christmas holiday campaigns in all regions, increasing our value-focused messaging for our everyday spices and seasonings and recipe mix in the U.S. Also, supporting our packaging renovations that I mentioned earlier in both the U.S. and Southeast Asia, and promoting our new products in EMEA. Turning to new products, which are a key growth driver in both our Consumer and Flavor Solutions segments. In the Consumer segment, our 2023 launches are expected to substantially contribute to growth in 2024. For instance, in EMEA, we are thrilled with the early results from our range of Schwartz seasonings and recipe mixes that we launched with Nadiya Hussain, a British celebrity chef, as we entered the fourth quarter. We are expanding our household penetration, bringing in new and younger households into the brand. The recipe mixes in this range contributed along with other new products and expanded distribution to our fourth quarter growth in U.K. recipe mixes, which was double the category rate. In Flavor Solutions, collaborating with our customers on innovation continues to be a key driver of success. Across the portfolio, our customers continue to focus on innovation to meet consumers' needs. We are winning in flavors with better-for-you products and on-trend flavors; and, in branded foodservice, with our heat platform and value-oriented products for foodservice operators. We are pleased with our 2023 performance from new products, which contributed to our sales growth and accelerate compared to the prior year, as we expected. Importantly, we have a strong lineup of new products spanning heat, freshness, value, convenience and flavor exploration in our Consumer segment for 2024, which we will share more about at CAGNY in February. And in Flavor Solutions, we are also carrying a robust pipeline of new products into 2024, positioning McCormick and our customers for success. We are leveraging our proprietary technologies and Flavor Solutions to support our innovation to win share in attractive high-growth categories and to attract new customers. In addition, with our differentiated customer engagement approach, we are intentionally targeting a mid-market customer base who are category leaders in high-growth innovators as well as diversifying our customer base to drive share gains across our portfolio and profitable growth. Our actions are yielding results. For instance, in the fourth quarter, our volume growth in performance nutrition significantly outpaced the market. And in the beverage category, we drove sales growth even though the category decelerated, partially by targeting high-value and high-growth segments within beverage. With our flavor leadership and continued investments, we are fully committed to vigorously fuel category growth with our differentiated portfolio. We have confidence in our plans, which we'll build throughout the year and yield volume growth during the back half of the year. We are dedicating more resources to categories where we have the right to continue to win. We are seeing our actions drive momentum and solid results in areas where we have focused. We believe that the execution of our growth plans will be a win for consumers, our categories and McCormick, which will differentiate and strengthen our leadership. Now before I turn it over to Mike to provide more details on our fourth quarter financial performance and 2024 outlook, I would like to comment on recent changes in our Board of Directors. Freeman Hrabowski who has served as a Director for 27 years, will be retiring from the Board as of the end of March. I am grateful for his service and contributions, which has significantly benefited McCormick, and we will miss him. I also want to welcome Terry Thomas, who has joined our Board. Terry brings extensive global consumer product industry expertise through his current role as Chief Growth Officer for Flowers Foods, and his experience at Unilever prior to that. I look forward to working with Terry and the contributions he will make to McCormick.
Mike Smith: Thanks, Brendan, and good morning, everyone. Starting on Slide 10. Our top line constant currency sales grew 2% compared to the fourth quarter of last year, reflecting 5% of pricing benefit, offset by a 3% volume mix decline. As Brendan mentioned, our volume performance was impacted by changes in consumers' behavior. In our Consumer segment, constant currency sales were flat, reflecting a 4% increase from pricing actions, offset by a 4% volume decline. The benefit from our recovery in China and the Hispanic product DSD exit to optimize margins netted to no overall impact for the total Consumer segment. On Slide 11, consumer sales in the Americas decreased 4% in constant currency with the DSD exit I just mentioned driving 2% of that decline. The remaining sales decline was due to lower volume and product mix in several areas of the portfolio, including, as Brendan mentioned, prepared foods, mustard and recipe mixes, which was partially offset by volume growth in spices and seasonings, which was driven by our investments. In EMEA, constant currency consumer sales increased 9%, with a 13% increase from pricing actions, partially offset by a 4% volume decline. Sales growth was broad-based across markets and categories. We remain at an elevated pricing environment in EMEA, and we expect volumes to improve as pricing wins in 2024. Constant currency consumer sales in the APAC region increased 31%, driven by a 26% volume increase, primarily due to the expected recovery in China. Outside of China, we also drove double-digit sales growth with strong volume and broad-based growth across all categories and markets. Turning to our Flavor Solutions segment on Slide 14. We grew fourth quarter constant currency sales 5%, reflecting a 7% increase from pricing, offset by a 2% decrease from volume and product mix. Our growth momentum in this segment was exceptional through the third quarter. And even with a deceleration in the fourth quarter, our sales growth for the year was strong. In the Americas, flavor solutions constant currency sales rose 6%, driven by pricing, as volume and product mix was comparable to the prior year. Sales growth was broad-based across the portfolio and led by branded foodservice. In EMEA, constant currency sales increased 2%, and with pricing actions contributing 14%, partially offset by a 3% impact from the divestiture of the Giotti canning business, a 9% decline in all other volume due to softness in some of our customers' volumes within their own businesses and a 1% impact from exiting a private label product line. In the APAC region, Flavor Solutions sales grew 5% in constant currency with a 6% contribution from pricing, offset by a 1% volume decline. Our business in China delivered strong growth. Outside of China, sales were negatively impacted by geopolitical boycotts in some of our quick service restaurant customers, as Brendan mentioned. As seen on Slide 18, gross profit margin expanded 320 basis points in the fourth quarter versus the year ago period. Drivers in the quarter included favorable product mix in both segments and our CCI and GOE programs, as well as effective price realization. Additionally, we lapped elevated costs related to some discrete issues and flavor solutions operations. Overall, we ended 2023 meeting the cost recovery plans we set as we entered the year. We are pleased with our gross margin expansion for the quarter and the year. Now moving to Slide 19. Selling, general and administrative expenses or SG&A, increased relative to the fourth quarter of last year as higher employee incentive compensation expenses were partially offset by CCI and GOE cost savings. Brand marketing also increased compared to the fourth quarter of last year, and we expect to invest further in 2024 to support our brands. As a percentage of net sales, SG&A increased 190 basis points. Sales growth and gross margin expansion, partially offset by higher SG&A costs, resulted in a constant currency increase in adjusted operating income of 11% compared to the fourth quarter of 2022. In constant currency, adjusted operating income in the Consumer segment was flat. And in Flavor Solutions, adjusted operating income increased $0.73 in constant currency. We remain committed to restoring Flavor Solutions' profitability. And in the fourth quarter, as expected, we drove significant margin expansion versus prior year in this segment. For the total company, we expanded our adjusted operating margin by 130 basis points in the fourth quarter and 100 basis points for the year, which reflects our commitment to increase our profit realization and positions us well to make investments early in 2024 to fuel top-line growth. Turning to interest expense and income taxes on Slide 20. Our interest expense increased significantly over the fourth quarter of 2022, driven by the higher interest rate environment. And quickly touching on tax, our fourth quarter adjusted effective tax rate was 22.3% compared to 23.1% in the year ago period. Both periods were favorably impacted by discrete tax items, with a more significant impact this year. Our income from unconsolidated operations in the fourth quarter reflects strong performance in our largest joint venture, McCormick de Mexico. We are the market leader with our McCormick branded mayonnaise, marmalade and mustard product lines in Mexico and the business contributed meaningfully to our net income and operating cash flow results. At the bottom-line, as shown on Slide 22, fourth quarter 2023 adjusted earnings per share was $0.85 as compared to $0.73 for the year ago period. The increase was attributable to higher operating income driven by gross margin expansion and the results from our McCormick de Mexico joint venture I just mentioned. On Slide 23, we've summarized highlights for cash flow and the year end balance sheet. Our cash flow from operations was strong in 2023, $1.2 billion, nearly double our cash flow of $652 million in 2022. The increase was primarily driven by higher operating income and working capital improvements, including lower inventory. We returned $419 million of cash to our shareholders through dividends and used $264 million for capital expenditures in 2023. Our capital expenditures include projects to increase capacity and capabilities to meet growing demand, advance our digital transformation and optimize our cost structure. Our priority remains to have a balanced use of cash, funding investments to drive growth, returning a significant portion to our shareholders through dividends and paying down debt. We remain committed to a strong investment-grade rating. We expect 2024 to be another year of strong cash flow driven by profit and working capital initiatives. We are well-positioned to continue paying down debt and coupled with ending 2023 and with a leverage ratio slightly above our 2024 year-end target of 3 times. We are pleased to be deleveraging faster than expected. Now turning to our 2024 financial outlook on Slide 24. Our 2024 outlook reflects our prioritized investments in key categories to strengthen volume trends and drive long-term sustainable growth, while appreciating the uncertainty of the consumer environment. We are well positioned with our cost savings programs to fuel investments for volume growth as well as generate operating margin expansion. The balancing of margin expansion and investments to drive growth is critical to our success, not only in 2024, but also into 2025 and beyond as we remain committed and confident in our long-term algorithm. Turning to the details. First, currency rates are expected to unfavorably impact sales, adjusted operating income and adjusted earnings per share by approximately 1%. On the top line, we expect constant currency net sales to range between a decline of 1% to growth of 1%. We expect a favorable impact related to the wrap of last year's pricing actions, most significantly in the first half, partially offset by our price cap management investments that will drive volume growth.  We expect several factors to impact our volume and product mix over the course of the year. First, we expect to drive improved volume trends as the year progresses through the strength of our brands and the intentional and targeted investments we are making. Our initiatives will take time to materialize, and we are expecting to return to volume growth during the second half of the year, notwithstanding any new macroeconomic headwinds. We have made strategic decisions to optimize our portfolio for profitable growth that will also impact volumes during the year. We decided to exit DSD of our bagged Hispanic spices in Americas consumer and to exit a private label product line in EMEA Flavor Solutions, both will impact the first quarter. And we divested the Giotti canning business, which will impact us through the third quarter. We expect to continue to prune lower-margin business through the year as we optimize our portfolio, the impact of which will be reflected within the natural fluctuation of sales. And finally, in China, our food away-from-home business, which is included in APAC Consumer, is expected to be impacted by slower demand in the first half of the year, and as such, we expect China Consumer sales to be comparable to 2023 for the full year. While we recognize there has been volatility in demand in China, we continue to believe in the long-term growth trajectory of our China business. Moving to gross margin. Our 2024 gross margin is projected to range between 50 to 100 basis points higher than 2023. This gross margin expansion reflects favorable impacts from pricing, product mix and the cost savings from our CCI and GOE programs, partially offset by the anticipated impact of a low single-digit increase in cost inflation and our increased investments. Additionally, we expect to begin reducing our dual running costs related to our transition to the new flavor solutions facility in the U.K. in the back half of the year. Moving to adjusted operating income. We expect 4% to 6% constant currency growth. This growth is projected to be driven by our gross margin expansion as well as SG&A cost savings from CCI and GOE programs, partially offset by our investments to drive volume growth, including brand marketing. We expect our brand marketing spend to increase high single digits in 2024, reflecting a double-digit increase in investments, partially offset by CCI savings. And we expect our increased investments in brand marketing to be concentrated in the first half of the year and weighted more to the first quarter. Overall, based on the flow-through of our volume expectations and the timing of our investments, we expect our profit to be less robust in the first half and anticipate strong profit growth in the second half of the year. Our 2023 adjusted effective income tax rate projection of approximately 22% is based upon our estimated mix of earnings by geography as well as factoring discrete items. We expect our rate to be higher in the first half of the year compared to the second half of the year. We expect a mid-teens increase in our income from unconsolidated operations, reflecting the strong performance we anticipate in McCormick De Mexico. To summarize, our 2024 adjusted earnings per share projection of $2.80 to $2.85 reflects a 4% to 6% increase compared to 2023, or 5% to 7% in constant currency. As Brendan noted, we are dedicated to improving volumes. We are prioritizing our investments to drive impactful results and return to differentiated sustainable volume-led growth. We remain confident in the underlying fundamentals of our business and delivering on the profitable growth reflected in our 2024 financial outlook.
Brendan Foley: Thank you, Mike. Before moving to Q&A, I would like to provide some closing comments on Slide 25. Our business is moving in the right direction, we strengthened our margins, significantly improved our cash flow and are deleveraging ahead of expectations. From a top line perspective, volume trends improved sequentially through the third quarter, but fourth quarter performance was disappointing. Parts of our portfolio grew underscoring that our strategies and initiatives are working. In areas that were challenged, we know the drivers and are addressing those that we control. And combined with the initiatives we have in place, we fully expect we will drive improved trends and build to volume growth during the second half of 2024. We are committed to recovering our margins in both segments to historical levels, while making investments to drive sustainable top line growth. The fundamentals that have driven our historical performance remain in place. And we are as diligent as ever in driving value for our employees, consumers, customers and shareholders in 2024 and beyond. I am excited for the year ahead, which will be my first full year as CEO. I plan to drive an ambitious agenda with greater competitive posture and more intentionality that capitalize on our strong business fundamentals as well as the value of our brands and capabilities and have driven our past success. McCormick is a growth company, a global leader in flavor, with a long-term orientation and a strong culture. I am committed to advance our leadership and our differentiation. Our strategic pillars: growth, performance and people, remain consistent. I am energized to further incorporate my mark on our growth plans. In a fast-changing global environment, we need to build on our competitive strengths and opportunities to remain a differentiated market leader. As such, I would like to share the five priorities that the entire McCormick organization is rallying behind, as we enter 2024. First, strengthen our global leadership in core categories. That means, growing volume and market share in herbs, spices and seasonings and condiments, strengthening our leadership in heat and increasing the global scale of our flavors business and expanding our branded foodservice business. Second, drive profitable growth and higher returns on investments. We want to restore the operating margin we have lost the last several years. But importantly, do so in a measured way, using our cost savings and operating leverage to fuel top line growth in the near-term that will drive sustainable profits for years to come. Third, accelerate our digital transformation to enhance how we serve consumers and customers to work faster and more efficiently, and to strengthen decision-making by further leveraging data and insights. Fourth, continue to elevate our power of people culture and build the next generation of leaders and capabilities that will drive McCormick's success well into future years. And finally, all these contribute to our fifth priority, which is to strengthen and expand stem competitive advantages to make McCormick even more effective in the marketplace. Our advantages are critical to ensuring we deliver on our growth potential. Simply put, I am committed to harnessing the collective expertise of our talented McCormick team with a renewed sense of urgency and speed to deliver on these priorities, resulting in long-term sustainable profitable growth that will be industry-leading. While 2024 is an important year of investments, we are confident in our capabilities and enthusiastic about some early signposts of success. And we are committed to returning to the type of growth that investors expect from McCormick. The foundation has been laid and building blocks are in place, and I look forward to sharing more about them at CAGNY in February. As I said, I am excited for the year ahead and delivering on our long-term objectives. Finally, before turning to your questions, I want to recognize McCormick employees around the world for their contributions in 2023, and the momentum they are carrying into 2024, and reiterate my confidence that, together, we will drive the profitable growth reflected in our 2024 outlook. Now for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thanks so much. Good morning everybody.
Brendan Foley: Good morning, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Maybe to start off, given where you ended 2023 and coupled with your commentary on investing in the business, I guess, can you tell us a bit about how you're thinking about volume as you progress through 2024, and I guess how you would be positioned going into 2025? 
Brendan Foley: Well, Andrew, thanks for the question. Let me start by commenting on how we ended 2023 from a volume perspective. While the fourth quarter was below our expectations, there were bright spots, because our actions are working in a number of categories that are critical for us. And for the challenging area, you know what the issues are, and I'm pleased with the speed and urgency with which the team is addressing them.  I guess just to step back, pre-pandemic, we consistently drove volume growth across our business in both segments. And the macro dynamics of the last several years disrupted this. And so we see 2024 as an important moment to get back there as soon as we can. We do have a bias towards even greater investment on the business. And as I've said, we're approaching our plans differently with even greater competitive posture, greater intentionality towards driving volume growth and share in those key and really attractive categories. I think where we stand at this point in 2024 is we appear to be moving beyond those macro dynamics. Yet at the same time, we recognize the uncertainty of the environment, and therefore, I'm taking a cautious view on that outlook. From a consumption standpoint, we do expect to exit 2024 in a stronger position than how we exited in 2023. And importantly, though, we're also entering 2024 in a position of strength in terms of our ability to invest in the business and expand margins. So we're able to intentionally focus those investments on areas that we expect will have the greatest impact on improving volume performance and driving sustainable profit growth. We expect our volumes to improve as we progress through the year and to drive the volume growth during the second half. This momentum is expected to continue into 2025, notwithstanding any new surprises on sort of the macroeconomic headwinds that might be out there. And I believe our investments will drive quality earnings growth and will put us on a trajectory of -- on that long-term algorithm. So those are the -- that's the way we're thinking about exiting '23, how we're thinking about '24 and as we go into '25.
Andrew Lazar: Thanks. And then I guess a good segue to that is, how is that you're able to make investments to drive the top line and yet still improve margins. I was hoping you could help us a bit with that perspective. Thank you.
Brendan Foley: Well, as I said, we're entering '24 in a position of strength after navigating these dynamics over the last several years. And I'll turn it over to Mike just to give some context, and I'll wrap it up with a few other thoughts.
Mike Smith: Yes. Good morning, Andrew. Yes, as you saw from our results, we ended the year with strong operating margin performance, and for the full year, up 100 basis points. A big key to our recovery was recovering the cost increases through pricing. Obviously, 20% cost increases two years ago, over 10% last year, there was a big job to do that. So we're able to do that in 2023, which helped our margins. Our CCI and GOE programs, we've talked about a lot, really performed and give a strong momentum, frankly, into 2024. 2024, as you think about this year, we're showing some margin improvement about 80 basis points. And with low single-digit inflation, and you think about four or five years ago when we had low single-digit inflation, CCI really works for us. You take a little bit of pricing and we're having some pricing wrap in 2024 and then you can decide what to do with. And CCI, some of it drops to the bottom line through margin improvement, we're making those increased revenue price cap investments, which we've always done some degree of that, but also our brand A&P up -- double digits is another way we're using CCI this year. So it's kind of a sweet spot for us at low single-digit inflation environment as we think about it. And the portfolio optimization we've talked about last year, which -- a bit of that continues into this year. So, again, helping drive our margins up. We want to recover over time the gross profit margins we had pre-pandemic, but we're doing it judiciously.
Andrew Lazar: Thanks so much.
Brendan Foley: Mike said on sort of this portfolio optimization, we really do see that working. So we did make a couple of intentional moves as you know. That's really, I think, allowing us to invest even more in the part of the portfolio, which we know will be the strongest. And then we did make a lot of targeted investments in '23. So that's yielding results. We like where that's going. And it's achieving high ROI, and that's carrying us into '24. So I do believe this intentional investment in those categories that are core to us will really be the biggest drivers of profitable growth. And we should see that margin accretion from that mix of sales. So we really do believe we're operating in a position of strength there.
Andrew Lazar: Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your questions.
Ken Goldman: Hi. Good morning everybody.
Brendan Foley: Good morning.
Ken Goldman: Hi. I wanted to ask about Consumer Americas. In particular, you spoke today about managing price gaps, maybe a bit more tightly ahead. We started to hear from some other food producers that in the U.S., maybe some promotional lifts aren't working quite as well as expected. I guess I was just curious if this is a dynamic you've experienced as well. And I really am trying to get a sense just how much more investment is needed to narrow the price gaps you mentioned. And if in general, really consumer behavior in the U.S. is, in some way, more difficult to navigate than what it's been in past challenging times or kind of pretty much what you expect to see as consumers tighten their wallets a little bit.
Mike Smith: Okay. Let me kick off and -- a couple of questions in there. The first, I think, had to do with just promotional lifts and what we're seeing. And I'm not necessarily trying to compare to the comments of other companies. But what we're seeing right now in our business today is we're not seeing huge declines or sort of reduced significant lifts of promotion. But there's an important consideration there, which is we're really a heavy base business. We don't have a ton of, if you think about our percentage of consumption. We're in the 90% range in terms of base consumption and the rest is really coming through promotions. So we're not overly reliant there. And I would just say that it's probably an area that I don't know that it's fair to draw a correlation between our performance and others. Now price gap management, in terms of how we're approaching that, we're looking across our portfolio. And just in the case of like spices and seasonings, it's a really broad portfolio with many subcategories underneath there. And each and every item -- you take compare black pepper to Montreal Steak they all have different price elasticities and where the consumer is to go. And so we have been surgically looking at this at a SKU level to make sure that we're doing the right thing to really drive overall growth in volume and unit consumption. And so that's allowed us to really, I think, be very, very sharp about how we drive this investment in a targeted way to make sure that we're starting to drive volume growth. In 2023, we saw a lot of improvement in parts of our business where we started to apply this. And I think like I said on the call, a good example was Black Pepper or Vanilla, and we started to really see the -- not only the volume of the unit share gain. And so that gave us really, I think, a lot of kind of stair-step into those investments. And that's the way we're going to do it in 2024 too. We're expanding that investment. We're going to continue to look at the line, we assess it. Honestly, every month and taking a look at where we see the individual products perform across the shelf. And then we decide what we need to do from a revenue and category standpoint. But I wanted to put on top of that, we're applying more A&P to the business, too, at the same time. And I think that's really important. We are seeing really good performance from A&P and it encourages us to continue to spend more on the business. And so you'll see more of that from us, I think, going forward. I'm not sure if I captured all your questions there, but let me know if I did.
Brendan Foley: I think to maybe one point. As we get the price differentials right, the advertising is even more effective. And that's important. And we're happy with the ROIs on our A&P, but it gets even better when you have the right price differential, as we've seen with Black Pepper, Vanilla and other categories.
Ken Goldman: No thats helpful. Thank you. And just a very quick follow-up, I wasn't quite sure I picked up on what you think the most important tactics may need to be to get momentum rolling in your China Consumer business to the extent you want. And maybe how quickly some of those actions can start to take effect.
Brendan Foley: On China, and just a little bit of context here, our food away from home business, which is included in Asia Pacific Consumer, it definitely will  we expect to see slower demand, especially sort of in the first half of the year. But we do expect overall China sales in 2024 to be comparable to 2023. But maybe for some more additional context, Mike and I spent a week in China in early January, just actually a few weeks ago just visiting our teams there and assessing dense conditions. And I would say, broadly, our outlook for the Chinese consumer does remain cautious. There's a number of indicators that kind of point to this. There's high unemployment with young adults, low consumer confidence. We see consumers with a reluctance to spend. And uniquely in our business, we tend to serve the smaller independent restaurants, particularly in Central China, and we see them losing traffic to larger chains and QSRs, because they're really driving either really strong value or they're winning on just even more store growth overall. And so we see this playing out in the retail category there, especially with the modern trade. Just to share a quick anecdote, as we were there, I took one afternoon just to walk around and actually I forgot the pack a tie, So I had to go buy a tie and go to an apartment store. What struck me was really a lot of movement in people outside than on the streets. And I want to go get a cup of coffee. It's kind of empty. Go to the department store, not spoke with anybody almost. And so there's just not really a lot of active spending. We see a lot of people out and about the mobilities there, and it's returned, but we're not seeing the spending. And I think it's broadly sort of an example of what we are observing as we were in the market there. Having said that though, like we do in other regions, we do have plans to really address the change in trends with the Chinese consumer. And we do expect our Flavor Solutions business to be a bit stronger this year just due to the QSR trends. But we do expect a gradual recovery in China, starting probably more in the second half of 2024. And the exact pace of growth will really be determined by how that macroeconomic parameter kind of plays out and consumer confidence plans over the next few quarters. But we really do continue to believe in the long-term growth trajectory of this market and are working to strengthen those plans as we go through 2024.
Ken Goldman: Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard with Bernstein. Please proceed with your question.
Alexia Howard: Good morning everyone. 
Brendan Foley: Good morning.
Mike Smith: Good morning.
Alexia Howard: Okay. So your sales algorithm for 2024 is obviously below where it would normally be at minus 1% to plus 1%. Can you quantify how much of a headwind are these deliberate decisions to exit the DSD business, to divest canning, to exit low-margin business in Europe? We just want to get a sense for how much is you choosing to exit versus what the underlying numbers are?
Mike Smith: Hi, Alexia, yes, it's around 1% for Q1, but then it really Peters out the rest of the year. So very small the rest of the year. But 1% for Q1 as we lapped the decisions we made last year.
Alexia Howard: Got it. Okay. And then the market share trends in U.S. measured channels are obviously what everybody seems to have their eye on right now. Do you have a view, given your price gap management and the marketing spending investments, the innovation pickup, when we might start to see that improve sequentially and when we might even start to see that turn positive again? Just wondering how long it's going to take to start to see those benefits in the share line.
Brendan Foley: Well, Alexia, thanks for the question. We never really project exactly what to expect and share, because there's just a lot of dynamics that might happen at the shelf. But I would point to how we're talking about volume and our outlook on volume as we think about the first half, the second half and as we expect to kind of grow volume in the back half of the year. That certainly will have an influence on what we see play out in share performance. But we tend not to sort of specifically tell you. I don't think that there is a specific quarter I can tell you when that's going to happen.
Alexia Howard: Okay. Thank you. Ill pass it on.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Max Gumport with BNP Paribas. Please proceed with your question.
Max Gumport: Hi, thanks for the question. With regard to cadence on the top line, it sounds like you've got volume trends that could improve as you go through the year with even growth in the second half. But then you've got the impact of last year's pricing actions which will wane as we go through the year. Would you expect those two factors to roughly offset each other, such that organic net sales growth is relatively consistent through the year? Or is there any net sales cadence we should be keeping in mind? Thanks.
Mike Smith: I mean the pricing, Max, is really focused on the first half a bit more in the first quarter based on the timing of our pricing. I mean, the volume growth is sequential across both segments. And as you know, based on our fourth quarter performance, Flavor Solutions is exiting the year a little better trajectory than -- or at least based than Consumer. So as you model those things, you think about sequential improvement to get to that zero to negative two volume growth kind of the first half, second half story. And then pricing is really heavily weighted to the first half, primarily the first quarter.
Max Gumport: Thanks. And then as a follow-up, you've characterized your outlook as embedding a more cautious view regarding 2024, a few times now. It sounds like much of that conservatism is around your underlying assumptions on volume. You talked about the value-seeking behavior in the U.S. and flat sales growth in China. But I was hoping you could dive a bit deeper into some of those more cautious use you're taking and also they're impacting your gross margin commentary as well? Thank you.
Brendan Foley: Well, good morning, Max, I'll maybe kick it off with some context around your question on sales and consumption and sort of the state of the consumer, and I'll pass it over to Mike for commentary on -- I think you had a question there with regard to margin. But I think we are taking a cautious view with regard to where the consumer is right now. And that's really informed by what we saw in Q4. We just saw a little bit more shifting, particularly as you think about how the quarter played out and if you think about consumption trends, we saw consumers really pulled back in September and October, and then really wait until right before the holidays to really make a lot of their purchases. And we even see -- saw similar indications leading up to Christmas. So, what's underneath that, I think, is people were certainly holding off there, making a lot more trips to the store, buying a lot fewer items and units. And maybe even smaller units actually started to come true, I think, from a consumer trend standpoint. And I think we just have to acknowledge that this is a little bit different than what we saw in the summer. It was a little bit more pronounced. Certainly, it affected our trends as we kind of been really clear about. And so it's prudent for us to just take a cautious view where the consumer is going to be going here in early 2024. And so we felt like it was best to recognize that in our outlook, particularly as we think about the first half of the year. But we're also going to be putting in more investment in the business, more A&P. So we expect also to be able to meet the consumer where they are right now and really try to focus on our game plan, which is to drive volume growth. Mike, do you want to add...
Brendan Foley: Yes. Would you mind repeating the margin question, I didn't quite get that.
Max Gumport: I was wondering if the conservatism that you discussed that really is just focused on the commentary you just discussed on volumes or if it applies to gross margins as well, that there's some -- more cautious outlook embedded in the gross margin guidance as well?
Brendan Foley: Yes. I mean we're confident in our CCI and GOE programs. I mean we've baked -- low single-digit inflation environment, like I said before, which we have good line of sight generally for the rest of the year, gives us more confidence there. First quarter is going to be our highest cost increase. And we see it petering down after that and our pricing is going to be the highest in the first quarter, too. Generally, I think what I'd say, if you think about last year with our GOE programs, we met our targets. Actually, we exceeded a bit our external targets. We were a bit prudent because -- but we met our internal target. So I would say being prudent is the word of the day. And love to over-deliver if we could. But we also realized in this environment, making investments on price gap management and A&P is really important. So we'll assess that as the year goes on.
Max Gumport: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steve Powers with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Steve Powers: Hi. Thanks very much. 
Brendan Foley: Good morning Steve.
Steve Powers: So -- good morning. So it sounds like at the enterprise level, pretty minimal pricing in the back half. I think that implies, as I listened to the commentary and kind of do the math and think about the price gap management, I think that implies negative pricing in the Consumer business at least in the U.S. in the back half. I wonder if you can talk about that, how deep those kind of above-the-line investments may need to be or how you're thinking about that. And whether there's a risk that at the enterprise level pricing actually, this negative, as we flow through the year in pursuit of this volume recovery.
Mike Smith: Yes, Steve, it's Mike. I'll take that. And if Brendan has any comments, he'll layer then in. I mean we talk about pricing for the full year being around 1%, and that includes our price gap management, too. So don't miss that point. And as you think about the first quarter, as I said before, that's the majority of the lapping of last year's pricing. First quarter, first half, that's where a lot of the price activities come through, so less so in the second six. So I'd say that for the full year, we're comfortable with pricing at one, I don't know what math you're looking at to make it negative, but I don't see that, honestly, for the full year. And from a -- and really by segment, too, you've got to think about it too. I mean Flavor Solutions is going to be a bit higher than 1%. Consumer is going to be a little bit lower from a pricing perspective. So we're managing it very closely. And we're comfortable with the full year guidance.
Steve Powers: Okay. Okay. Fair enough. I guess in Flavor Solutions, can you help just maybe a little bit more perspective on what you're assuming both in terms of Flavor's customer volume trends and restaurant traffic, both in the U.S. and overseas, where you've seen some softness to late? Just want to a little perspective there on that segment.
Brendan Foley: Sure, Steve. Our growth momentum in Flavor Solutions was pretty exceptional, I think, throughout the year in 2023 with double-digit growth in the first three quarters and slight volume growth there. But even with the deceleration in the fourth quarter, we had pretty strong organic growth throughout 2023. And we do expect to continue to make really good progress there. Although, were not going to be in double digits, I think, in 2024, but still making really good progress. To give you maybe more of a regional consideration, as I think through the portfolio. In the Americas, we continue to drive strong branded foodservice volume. And in flavors, particularly in a number of the categories that we tend to have some strong performance and like performance nutrition and beverage, we see continued strong performance in volume. And I think that we would expect that to continue into 2024. Across the rest of the flavor product category, a lot of our growth was impacted by the softness of our customers' performance in the market with regard to units and volume. And we saw a little bit more drop than we would have expected, not inconsistent with our own consumer business. And so while we're disappointed in that softness, we still believe our results are pretty good in this area. I think that's the chance of that continuing to 2024, probably likely. In EMEA, as we mentioned in our third quarter call, that our customers there are, both for packaged goods and also quick serve restaurants, are experiencing softness in their volumes within their business, too. And we anticipated that in the fourth quarter. However, there's even maybe a little bit more than what we expected. So almost like a similar theme to what I said about the U.S. And so we expect some softness related there as we enter in Q1. But we're optimistic, again, that we'll continue to sort of improve every quarter as we go through 2024. And then in Asia Pacific, our growth that was impacted by slower than expected restaurant traffic. Some of that really had to do with just unrelated matters, but some boycotts issues that we're seeing in Southeast Asia. But we saw some nice performance in China, so I would expect that to continue in 2024 and some trends. So that's just some context around Flavor Solutions.
Steve Powers: Okay. Thank you very much. I appreciate it. Ill pass it on. Thank you.
Brendan Foley: Okay. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Adam Samuelson: Yes. Thank you. Good morning everyone.
Brendan Foley: Good morning.
Adam Samuelson: Good morning. I wanted to come back to the consumer segment and maybe at a higher level. As we think about where the business and the specific categories are today versus where they were pre-COVID. Obviously, there's enough number of consumption and occasion changes in terms -- and distribution changes with inflation through the pandemic. But where are we today in your business and your key categories, as you think about price elasticity, as you think about price gaps and where there actually has been a lasting consumption change versus consumer behavior pre-pandemic.
Brendan Foley: Well, with so much has changed since 2019, I think that -- if I think about the entirety of all the different levers and variables that you were talking about, whether it's price elasticity or volume and where the consumer is, there's been reasonably enough significant change that. As we take a look at our categories, we're taking a look at in terms of how they're performing today and where we need to go in order to drive volume growth. And as we said earlier, that's a component of increased A&P. A lot of that advertising focused on talking about value. Parts of our portfolio, we know that price gap management can have a really effective impact on turning around unit volume trends. And so I think that's an indication of where the consumer is right now. If you look at unit volume performance, either in our business or probably the category, pricing has had an impact, and we have to acknowledge that. Having said that, though, if I compare our business organically, and product mix, compared to 2019, our total organic volume is about the same as 2019. We haven't really lost significant volume or on product mix since pre-pandemic. And so I think that's one sort of consideration to have is, while there's been a lot of change in many ups and downs, I think, if you think about all these macro dynamic impacts we've been going through, we find ourselves in a similar volume position as we were in 2019. I don't -- I think I might have provided the context that you're looking for.
Adam Samuelson: Okay. No, that's helpful. And then, as we think about Flavor Solutions moving forward, just how do you think about -- you see the competitive position of the portfolio today, what you're seeing from your customers, the categories you're in and the competitive set, do you feel like you have the breadth of portfolio? Do you think that the categories that are growing with your customers or you're properly positioned to participate there? Or do you think that, as you look at kind of the -- your peers, that there's room to narrow the growth gap?
Brendan Foley: Well, as I think about our competitive posture in Flavor Solutions, I feel really good about it. It starts with having great capabilities in technology and a great team. And I think we do have a differentiated approach towards driving growth, particularly in flavors and seasonings in that part of our business. From a technology standpoint, we continue to win and sort of there's -- a lot of categories that we operate in there that we're targeting because they're positive and high growth. And we also tend to get a good mix of large customers and moderately in small-sized customers who tend to be characterized by much even higher growth. As we think about that as a portfolio mix of customers, we're seeing a lot of strength coming from that. And I would just point to our Boeing trends throughout '23. And as we think about '24 to be an indication of how we think we're performing relative to the market there overall. And so those are some indications. Now, the other one on top of that would be heat. And we continue to see growth through heat. We continue to see that as a as the part of that portfolio, if you will, it tends to grow at an even higher rate just due to where consumers are. And we talked a lot about heat extensively in terms of how popular it is. And so that's another reason to believe that we feel like we're competitively poised in this part of our business. It's an exciting part of our business. It's an exciting part of our business. It's one that's receiving a lot of increased investment, too, as we think about building capacity, technology and really growing to global scale.
Adam Samuelson: Okay. I appreciate the color all. I will pass it on. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Matt Smith with Stifel. Please proceed with your questions.
Matt Smith: Hi. Good morning. Thank you for taking my question. I wanted to dive in a little bit on the guidance. If we look at it from a high level, it includes roughly 80 basis points or so of operating margin expansion. Can you talk about the expansions for each business as we look at fiscal 2024? Is Flavor Solutions expected to have an outsized contribution again as margin continues to recover there? And can the margin expand in the Consumer business, even as you step up investments to manage price gaps and absolute price points?
Mike Smith: Hi Matt, its Mike. I mean they're not materially different between segments to be honest. So the 50 to 100 basis points at the gross margin line and approximately 80 at the OP margin line. To your point, there are some price gap management items within the Consumer business, but there's also portfolio optimization, the GOE and CCI numbers which hit both segments. So I would say not materially different.
Matt Smith: Thank you for that. And a follow-up on the price gaps and absolute price points that you're talking about managing. One thing we're seeing in the U.S. measured channel data is that the share losses McCormick is seeing in spices and seasonings, only about 1/4 of that is going to private label. Can you talk about the branded environment? Are you seeing a pickup in competitive pressure there? Or is this really a product of price gaps that you believe you can manage to?
Brendan Foley: Largely, I think it's a product of price gaps that we can manage to. But I think your observations would align with ours in that it isn't strictly an issue regarding private label or other branded competition. I think it's really an attractive category that has always received new competitors and new entrants. And so we look broadly when we think about competition in that part of our portfolio, as being -- and at the shelf is both watching those gaps versus private label and also branded competitors.
Matt Smith: Thank you. I will pass it on.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with TD Cowen. Please proceed with your question.
Robert Moskow: Hi. Just a couple of follow-up questions hi there Brendan and Mike.
Brendan Foley: Good morning Rob. Hello.
Robert Moskow: Yes. In the past, you used to give a global flavor category growth rate, and I remember it being around 4% to 6%. Do you still keep track of that globally? And do you know where it is right now? And just -- and then I have a follow-up.
Brendan Foley: We do. I mean we look at that annually. And it's part of our strategic planning process. And so yes, we do spend time making sure we understand how that's performing. But I think your 5% to 7%, I think, is -- or actually you said 4% to 6%, but I would tell you it's generally around those same numbers. We tend to think about it is 5% to 7% at a global level.
Robert Moskow: Okay. So the global demand for flavor really hasn't changed. It's just that -- but your top line guide is around zero. So is the message here today that nothing's really changed in the consumer demand for flavor? Because it sounds like you're also saying there's a lot of trading down going on or cautious consumer spending, so I thought that would mean that the category is a little bit weaker, too.
Brendan Foley: No, I would urge you not to take away that as an indication that the category is weaker. This is still a very attractive category. Also appreciate that the category at the global level has also gone through a lot of inflation in pricing and similar factors, but we still see this as a very attractive category for the total company. And so that is not the view that we take, particularly with the data that we look at. And so I think maybe that got at the heart of your question.
Robert Moskow: Yes, certainly. And then the follow-up is, you said that you shipped 75% of your new packaging to retailers so far. But do you have any way of quantifying what percent of the ACV has implemented your resets? I thought some of it would happen in 2023. It sounds like a lot will happen in mid-2024. But are you quantifying that way?
Brendan Foley: It's harder to quantify because it's  we know how much we're shipping out in terms of our total portfolio that's getting this new package. And so as I said, that number is at 75%. And that, we feel that's  we're pretty accurate about that. But now the reflection on shelf, as all this inventory is flowing in on shelf, that's happening on a lag to that 75% number. We expect it to just continue to increase through the first half of the year. I think through the first half of the year, we should largely be caught up to that number to specific standpoint, too. If you walk into a store today, you're going to see on the shelf some in the old package, some of the new package, and that's just maybe an indication of how you might think about flow-through overall. However, I will tell you that as we do look at specific accounts and locations where we know we're seeing a lot of that flow through already have occurred, we are seeing a nice pickup in velocity as we would have expected to be the case, because we've seen this package perform in EMEA in a similar way. And it really does deliver on the SKUs for freshness for consumers and really kind of takes it up a notch in terms of the overall benefit and offering that we're providing consumers. So we feel pretty good about that. What you'll also hear us talk about is we're going to start to move other parts of the product line into this package, too, beginning in the back half of 2024. So we're not done. But this part of our line that we've been speaking about since mid-last year is still in the process of flowing through on shelf.
Mike Smith: That gives us belief in the sequential building of volume during 2024 into the second half, as you alluded to.
Robert Moskow: Right. I'm sorry, one last question. I appreciate the plan to increase brand building this year. Can you tell us how much it increased in 2023 when it was all said and done?
Brendan Foley: I think we were, Rob, if I'm not mistaken
Mike Smith: 3% to 4% range, yes.
Brendan Foley: 3% to 4% range for 2023. Know that underneath that, we tend to see working media grow a lot faster than that, because we're also offsetting it with other productivity and taking out more nonworking investments. But 2023 is in that range. Now 2024 though, is in the double-digit range. And we feel really good about that where we're putting that investment.
Robert Moskow: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question this morning comes from the line of Rob Dickerson with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Rob Dickerson: Great. Thanks so much. Maybe if we could just touch quickly on kind of Q1, because I think kind of throughout the call, I've heard you say maybe slightly higher cost relative to the full year in Q1 and then also feel like A&C is a little front half loaded. And then I think maybe volumes, given -- hopefully, they improved of the year, would imply that there be a little bit more pressure in Q1, especially given the divestment. So, just curious if there are certain moving pieces to Q1 that you would clearly like us to consider. So that's the first question.
Mike Smith: Yes, that's great. Let me take that one, Rob, and maybe summarize it all for you. And as you've pointed out, the sequential improvement in volume we see from the fourth quarter, also considered, Consumer starting at a slightly lower place in flavor solutions. So as you model that, build that into your model and build throughout the year. Pricing actions are primarily first -- the lapping of that primarily first half related. Maybe concentrated, I'd say, in the first quarter. However, cost in the first quarter, we're still seeing high single-digit inflation. It does go down to averaging of low single-digit inflation for the year, but there is a spike -- not a spike, but the highest level will be in the first quarter at high single-digit inflation. We get a bit of favorable product mix in the first quarter due to some of the initiatives we're talking about. But we're also seeing some of the negatives from an investment in price gap initiatives in Q1 primarily. So, as we think about pricing, a bit of that will be offset within the price gap management activities. GOE had a little bit of favorability to the wrap from last year in the first half, a bit in the first quarter too. And then as you mentioned, brand marketing up double digits in the first quarter is something that we're really driving toward. And not to forget tax, sometimes we do with tax. It's 22% for the year, but we see a higher tax rate in the first quarter and getting better as the year goes on. And don't forget, unfavorable FX throughout the whole year of about 1%.
Rob Dickerson: Okay. Perfect. That's very helpful. And then quickly, just on Flavor Solutions. Clearly, if we look back a few years ago, we speak to the margin recovery now kind of coming out of the post-pandemic cost inflation environment, really kind of the main driver of kind of your somewhat depressed margin now relative to history, still from Flavor Solutions, maybe a little less so. I mean, clearly, you're not optimize or maximize on consumer, but there is a little bit more pressure on Flavor Solutions. So, I'm just curious, I remember going back 15 years or so, right, and there was a strategy to increase that margin in Flavor Solutions that didn't happen, but then it actually really did happen. And now it's just not happening again. So I'm kind of curious, as you think longer term, right, kind of margin profile of McCormick, kind of given the initiatives you've been discussing even today, on improving that side of the business, what kind of does get you back there, right? I mean it's just volume and mix? Or it just seems like that recovery has maybe been a little bit slower? That's all.
Mike Smith: Hi Rob, it's Mike. I'll start and Brendan can add. You're right. We've been on a journey with Flavor Solutions. I can remember, it wasn't 15 years ago, but we were at a 6% OP margin. And we really, through focused cost initiatives, portfolio management, we're able to get that to over 14% pre-COVID, pre-pandemic. And we had aspirations for higher because our peers in the flavor industry are higher than that. And we still do aspire to those higher numbers. Obviously, COVID, the pricing costing relationship, that took over 300 basis points as we priced to cost. We did margin up that took -- that's over a 300 basis point impact on our margins there. So we've said we're going to build that back overtime through initiatives like CCI and things like that. We've had early success. I mean with the pricing initiatives we had last year in 2023, we took our operating margin from 8% in 2022 to 10% and 2023, granted still below where we were, but we see positive movement this year as we think about our total margin. I said both segments will see positive operating margin improvement. And we're in the process -- for Flavor Solutions, it's a pretty large number. As we are transitioning our large U.K. manufacturing facility, 2024 and 2025, you'll see some favorable tailwinds there which will help Flavor Solutions' margin. But to your point, and Brendan talked about, the focus on those great growing categories in the flavor side of the business, those are generally higher margin, they're stickier. That is our strategy that will help us drive our margins going forward.
Brendan Foley: The only thing I'll add on top of what Mike just said with regard to just that constant focus against improving margin. We're also -- as we continue to shift customers to higher-margin product lines, more insulated technology, et cetera, it allows us to continue to grow margin too. But I think Mike pretty much nailed it there. And that's our outlook on it. It's still pretty positive. And it's just going to take us a little bit longer, as we've been calling out really ever since, I think, last year.
Rob Dickerson: Super. Great. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our question-and-answer session. I'll turn the floor back to Ms. Freiha, for any final comments.
Faten Freiha: Thank you all for joining today's call. If you have any further questions regarding today's information, please feel free to contact me. And this concludes this morning's conference call. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-03 08:00:00) =====
Faten Freiha: Good morning. This is Faten Freiha, VP of Investor Relations. Thank you for joining today's Third Quarter Earnings Call. To accompany this call, we have posted a set of slides on our IR website. With me this morning are Brendan Foley, President and CEO; Mike Smith, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Kasey Jenkins, Chief Growth Officer. During this call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. The nature of those non-GAAP financial measures and the related reconciliations to the GAAP results are included in this morning's press release and slides. In our comments, certain percentages are rounded. Please refer to our presentation for complete information. Today's presentation contains projections and other forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from those projected. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether because of new information, future events, or other factors. Please refer to our forward-looking statement slide for more information. I'll now turn the discussion over to Brendan.
Brendan Foley: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Let me start by saying how pleased I am to join you today for my first earnings call as President and CEO. Just over one month into my new role, I am energized by our underlying business trends, which reinforce our competitive advantages and differentiation. Let's turn to our results. We drove another quarter of strong performance, reflecting sustained demand and effective execution of our growth strategies across our Consumer and Flavor Solutions segments. Our results were in line with our expectations across our business, notwithstanding challenges for our Consumer segment in Asia Pacific, or APAC, where the pace of China's economic recovery been slower than previously anticipated. Let me start with the highlights for the third quarter. We delivered solid constant currency sales growth. We continued to realize effective price realization, and importantly, volume performance, excluding China, has improved each quarter throughout the year. We continued to see top-line momentum in our business, positioning McCormick for sustained growth. We drove meaningful year-over-year margin expansion, underscoring our focus on profit realization. Year-to-date cash flow from operations more than doubled relative to the prior year due to higher operating income and working capital improvements. Our performance demonstrates the strength of our business fundamentals and the effective execution of our proven strategies while leveraging the sustained demand for flavor. Turning to Slide 5. In the third quarter, we drove 6% sales growth in constant currency, demonstrating the strength of our broad global portfolio. Our constant currency growth reflected strong business performance, with an 8% contribution from pricing and a 2% decline in volume and product mix. This decline in volume was driven by two factors: a 1% volume decline attributable to the impact of a slower-than-expected economic recovery in China; and a 1% decline related to the divestiture of Kitchen Basics, the exit of our Consumer business in Russia, and the pruning of low-margin business to optimize our portfolio. All other underlying volume and mix performance was flat for the quarter, which is a sequential improvement from the second quarter where total underlying volume growth was down approximately 1%. I would like to now share a few highlights on gross margin and operating income for the quarter, which Mike will cover in more detail. We drove strong gross margin improvement year-over-year, reflecting continued recovery of the cost inflation our pricing lagged last year, and cost savings from our CCI and GOE programs. We remain focused on improving our margins over the long term and believe that our recovery will be a continuous build. And we expect to return to historical levels and believe there is a runway beyond that, recognizing it will take some time. Higher gross profit for the quarter was partially offset by lower-than-expected performance in China as well as higher SG&A. As planned, we continue to build back incentive compensation and increased brand marketing investments. The net impact was a 5% increase in adjusted operating income versus the prior year. Overall, we are pleased with our execution and results year-to-date. These results, combined with the strong demand we continue to expect across our portfolio and our focused approach to optimizing our cost structure, reinforce our confidence in our growth trajectory during the fourth quarter and beyond. Moving into the fourth quarter, we can continue to expect top-line momentum across our portfolio, including growth in China, as we lap the COVID-related disruptions. China's growth, however, is expected to be less than originally anticipated, which, when combined with its year-to-date performance, has led to a lower full year 2023 benefit than we originally expected. Despite this impact, however, we are reaffirming our sales outlook and now anticipate our results will be closer to the middle of our guidance range. We are reaffirming our operating income outlook, which highlights stronger than originally expected profit realization on our business, excluding China. Demand is strong. We are driving improvement in our margin profile and are optimizing our cost structure effectively. Now for our performance by segment. Starting with our Consumer segment on Slide 7. We saw solid results across the Americas and EMEA, which were tempered by our APAC region due to China, as I mentioned earlier. Notwithstanding China, we are pleased with our underlying performance. Now for some highlights by regions. First, in the Americas. Our total U.S. branded portfolio consumption as indicated by our IRI consumption data and combined with unmeasured channels grew approximately 4%. Excluding the year-over-year impact of the Kitchen Basics divestiture and the exit of DSD, Direct-Store-Delivery, of our bagged Hispanic spices. There is a minor difference between our sales and consumption, which is attributable to listing fees for a significant increase in new distribution and new products. For example, our new Cholula and Stubb's items and Tabitha Brown line extensions. Importantly, our categories remain advantaged in terms of growth relative to overall macro trends, and we are well positioned to drive future growth. The fundamental strength of the spices and seasonings category is evident as cooking at home has remained elevated since pre-COVID and consumers have an increasing demand for flavor. U.S. spices and seasonings growth is continuing to outpace the total edible category in units and dollars. We have the right plans in place and are taking the right actions to grow market share in this very attractive and competitive category. We have made progress and shown improvement relative to the beginning of the year. We continue to restore distribution, which was lost because of supply issues. As we look at our performance and our trends, we are happy to see total distribution point growth in the third quarter. We also continue to be pleased that our assortment on shelf is more productive than pre-COVID. In addition, we have significant new distribution and innovation that is starting to come online as customers reset their shelves. As we've said before, restoration will take some time and we expect to drive growth as we continue to progress. In addition to driving distribution gains, we have a continued focus on supporting our brands and optimizing pricing. As you would expect, this has become a more important part of our category management efforts in recent years. Our diverse portfolio allows us flexibility to optimize our pricing effectiveness. We look at both our everyday price and our promotional returns, as well as use innovation, including price pack architecture to drive growth. Our efforts are yielding results. The renovation of our U.S. core everyday spice and herb portfolio is rolling out according to plan. At the end of the third quarter, we have shipped about 40% of our renovated SKUs. And notably, products that have transitioned on shelf have seen high-teens improvement in velocity. And our significant brand marketing campaign featuring the benefits of the new packaging ramped up at the end of the third quarter leading into the holiday season. Our larger-size Super Deal herbs and spices continues to gain share. We saw strong performance in the third quarter, driven by pricing and higher unit volume. Expanded distribution has been a major driver for our performance, as well as consumers that are seeking value and trading up to larger sizes. We have the right assortment in this environment. Our household penetration on larger sizes is greater than pre-COVID. We are confident this product line will continue to drive growth as we expand distribution further and launch new line extensions. Our grilling performance was strong this quarter, supported by our Fire Up campaign as well as contribution for new product launches that we discussed on our earnings call in June. Frank's RedHot sauces, French's mustard and Stubb's Bar-B-Q sauces and rubs, as well as Lawry's marinades, all delivered significant growth in the third quarter relative to the prior year. We drove double-digit sales growth with contributions from pricing and volume across our total grilling portfolio. And we drove market share gains in mustard, barbecue sauce and marinades in the third quarter. Our expansion into the fast-growing Mexican aisle with new Cholula taco recipe mixes and salsas is continuing to build distribution and performance to date is outperforming our expectations. Finally, in the Americas, we continue to drive double-digit consumption growth in e-commerce led by spices and seasonings. We are realizing high returns on our investments, gaining new customers and growing with new products. Turning to EMEA, where we delivered a great quarter, our strongest quarterly sales performance in more than two years with double-digit sales growth. Notably, in the UK and France, we drove volume growth as pricing remained elevated. In both countries, we delivered significant growth in the discount channel, driven by expanded distribution with new and existing customers. In other parts of the region, we are also making meaningful progress in this fast-growing channel. We grew our business in the discount channel by over 30% across EMEA in the third quarter. Our grilling activations with key retailers in France and our promotional activities in the UK along with brand marketing support, drove strong third quarter growth across the growing portfolio. E-commerce also contributed meaningfully to our growth in both countries. Consumption data continues to indicate that the consumer is holding up well in our categories, with consumption trends continues to accelerate across the region. We grew share in herbs, spices and seasonings for our total EMEA business, with the UK, Eastern Europe, Italy and France all contributing. France grew share for the first time in two years. And UK recipe mixes, we extended our leading share position during the third quarter. New products and effective in-store promotions drove share gains. We also continued to drive hot sauce category growth in the UK, with Cholula leading to growth in the third quarter. And we are also building distribution of Cholula in France. In our APAC region, while the pace of recovery in this business has been slower than expected, we continue to believe in the long-term growth trajectory of our business in China. Notwithstanding the slower recovery in China, in all regions, in our Consumer segment, our investments in brand marketing, category management initiatives and new products are proving to be effective, and driving strong growth across our categories. We are making sequential improvement on volume, advancing our heat platform, and are pleased with our performance. We continue to fuel our growth with the power of our brands and increased innovation and brand marketing. We are also forming strategic partnerships to reach and enhance brand awareness with loyal built-in audiences. Building on the success we have with our Tabitha Brown partnership in light of new products in the U.S., where growth continues to accelerate, we are partnering with Nadiya Hussain, a celebrity British chef who won the sixth series of BBC's The Great British Bake Off in EMEA. We are launching a delicious range of short seasonings, recipe mixes, and meal kits with Nadiya and are helping build the confidence of UK consumers in the kitchen with cook-along videos and recipe ideas. We are thrilled to partner with Nadiya and preliminary results are very positive. We are looking forward to working with her on various future initiatives across the region to expand our brand awareness and accelerate new product growth. Our brand marketing efforts continue to drive awareness and strengthen our brands. As you may have seen in July, we partnered with Mars and launched a limited edition French's mustard-flavored SKITTLES. The objective of the campaign was to create top-of-mind awareness for French's through a buzzwordy moment to further strengthen the power of our brand. And of course, you can always have fun with mustard. We are thrilled that this was our most successful earned campaign to date with a record 5 billion impressions. It is also a perfect example of how we leverage our strengths across both segments, underscoring their complementary nature. Our Flavor Solutions team created the mustard flavor for this limited-edition product, which built awareness for both our consumer and foodservice businesses. Our segments are working together to further bolster French's success. I am passionate about how our two segments, Consumer and Flavor Solutions, complement each other, reinforcing what differentiates McCormick and enabling us to drive sustainable growth. Looking ahead to the fourth quarter, we are excited about the holiday season and our related brand marketing plans across all regions. Importantly, with our supply issues resolved, we are better positioned than we were last year entering this season. We are increasing our merchandising levels, to one similar to pre-COVID and are supporting our portfolio with holiday brand marketing campaigns across all regions. We are expecting a strong holiday season. Wrapping up the Consumer update, our year-to-date results bolster our confidence that we will continue to drive sales growth as we have in the past. The supply issues we experienced last year are resolved and we are using our strength in category management to increase distribution and drive McCormick and category growth. We believe the execution of our growth plans will be a win for consumers, customers, our categories and McCormick, which differentiates us even more and strengthening our leadership in our core categories. Now turning to Flavor Solutions on Slide 10. Our growth momentum in this segment continues to be exceptional. The third quarter marks our 10th consecutive quarter with double-digit constant currency sales growth. Our growth was led by pricing actions in all three regions. We are priced to cover current year inflation and are continuing to recover the cost inflation our pricing lagged the last two years. We remain committed to restoring our Flavor Solutions' profitability. And in third quarter, we again drove significant margin expansion versus prior year, and expect continued progress toward our objective to build back our margin in this segment. Let me turn to our highlights by region. Our Americas' third quarter strong sales growth was led by pricing, with an increase in volume contributing as well. Both the flavors and branded foodservice product categories grew by double digits. With flavors, our seasonings growth was strong, including volume growth related to new products. We are helping our customers grow with the strength of our brands. Our continued success with providing the seasoning for co-branded items included new ones with Frank's RedHot and Stubb's this quarter, contributed to our growth. Strength in our customers' iconic products also contributed to our seasonings' growth, particularly related to our heat platform. We also have strong momentum in flavors for performance nutrition beverages and health and market applications. Our growth is outpacing the market, fueled by the advantages of our proprietary technologies. Importantly, we are winning with new products for existing and new customers, largely across our mid-market customer base, who are category leaders in specific markets or are high-growth innovators, and whose growth is outpacing larger customers. We continue to have a robust pipeline of new products and our conversion rate is strong. We are creating preferred flavors, enabling our customers to continue to win in the marketplace. In branded foodservice, we gained share in spices and seasonings this quarter. Additionally, our recent new products, Frank's Mild sauce and Frank's Nashville Hot seasoning, are performing very well and are exceeding our expectations. They have both been well received by our customers, reinforcing that the demand for heat is growing at both the mild and hot end of the spectrum. We are excited for continued growth in these items as well as the overall breadth of opportunity in heat. Moving to EMEA, we continue to drive broad-based growth across the portfolio with strong growth in both our quick-service restaurant and packaged food and beverage customers. Pricing drove the growth as some of our customers in both channels continue to experience softness in the volume within their own businesses. As we continue to prune low-margin business in our Flavor Solutions segment, while it did not impact the third quarter, I want to mention that we divested a small canning business which was part of our Giotti operations in Italy. This divestiture allows us to focus our resources on our core flavors product category and drive further growth. Mike will have more on the future impact of this divestiture on the EMEA region in a few minutes. And in APAC, while the economic recovery in China was not as strong as anticipated, China contributed to the regional pricing and volume growth. Across the region, we benefited from our QSR customers' increase in promotional activity. The strength of our Flavor Solutions portfolio and capabilities, including our differentiated customer engagement and culinary-inspired innovation, are driving outstanding Flavor Solutions momentum. Our flavors product category, our 100% focus on flavor, our breadth and reach, our unrivalled consumer insights, and our proprietary technology platform gives us an advantage and positions us well to continue to win in the technically-insulated and value-added part of our portfolio, driving growth and advancing our flavor leadership. And in branded foodservice, we expect new products, increased menu penetration, culinary partnerships, and our expertise in heat to drive continued growth. Our robust growth plans in Flavor Solutions and effective execution of our proven strategies bolster our confidence in continuing our growth trajectory and driving our Flavor Solutions leadership as well as margin restoration. Now, I'd like to turn it over to Mike to provide details on our financial performance.
Mike Smith: Thanks, Brendan, and good morning, everyone. Starting on Slide 13. Our top-line constant currency sales grew 6% compared to the third quarter of last year, reflecting 8% from pricing, partially offset with a 2% volume and mixed decline. As Brendan already mentioned, there were impacts of volume related to the slower-than-expected recovery in the China Consumer business, the divestiture of Kitchen Basics, the exit of our Consumer business in Russia, and strategic decisions we made related to optimizing the profitability of our portfolio. As a result, at the total company level, excluding these items, underlying volume performance was flat for the quarter and improved sequentially from the second quarter. In our Consumer segment, constant currency sales increased by 1%, reflecting a 5% increase in pricing actions, partially offset by a 4% volume decline. Included in this volume decline are: a 2% decline due to a lower-than-expected recovery in China; and a 2% decline attributable to the Kitchen Basics divestiture, our business exit in Russia, and the Hispanic product DSD exit to optimize margins. On Slide 14, Consumer sales in the Americas increased 2% in constant currency and included a 4% increase from pricing actions, partially offset by a 2% volume decline due to the Kitchen Basics divestiture and DSD items I just mentioned. In EMEA, constant currency Consumer sales increased 10%, with a 13% increase from pricing actions, partially offset by a 3% volume decline primarily from exiting Russia. Excluding Russia, sales growth was broad-based across all markets and categories. Constant currency Consumer sales in the APAC region decreased 11%, driven by a 15% volume decrease, primarily due to a slower-than-expected recovery in China. Also contributing to the decline was the impact of lapping strong China demand in the prior year following significant extended lockdowns during the second quarter of last year. Turning to our Flavor Solution segment in Slide 17. We grew third quarter constant currency sales 11%, reflecting a 10% increase from pricing and a 1% increase from volume and product mix. Our volume growth was partially offset by the pruning of low-margin business. In the Americas, Flavor Solutions constant currency sales rose 10%, reflecting a 9% increase from pricing and a 1% volume and product mix growth. Growth was broad based across the portfolio, with strengths and flavors, including seasonings and specialty flavors, as well as branded foodservice. In EMEA, constant currency sales increased 15%, with pricing actions partially offset by lower volume and product mix, including a 1% impact from exiting the private label product line mentioned earlier. Outside of this product discontinuation, volumes declined due to softness in some of our customers' volume within their own businesses. Regarding the divestiture of the Giotti canning business Brendan mentioned earlier, we expect this divestiture to impact EMEA Flavor Solutions by approximately 3% starting in the fourth quarter of 2023 to the third quarter of 2024. For the total Flavor Solutions segment, we expect an approximately 1% impact, and for the total company, less than 1%. In the APAC region, Flavor Solutions sales grew 13% in constant currency with a 7% contribution from pricing and 6% volume growth, driven by our customers' promotional activities and limited time offers across the region. As seen on Slide 21, gross profit margin expanded 150 basis points in the third quarter versus the year-ago period, reflecting our steadfast focus on increasing profit realization. Favorable drivers in the quarter were our CCI and GOE programs, and the continued recovery of the cost inflation our pricing lagged over the past two years. We expect to finish 2023 meeting the cost recovery plans we set as we entered the year. We are very pleased with our gross margin expansion for the quarter. Historically, our third quarter gross margin has been higher than the second quarter. This year, however, they were comparable at approximately 37% because we realized our highest level of both pricing and cost recovery from prior years in the second quarter. We expect to continue to drive margin improvement in the balance of the year. And as evident by our full year outlook and year-to-date results, we expect a higher gross margin in the fourth quarter compared to the third quarter of this year as well as expansion from the fourth quarter of 2022. Now moving to Slide 22, selling, general and administrative expenses, or SG&A, increased relative to the third quarter of last year, as higher employee incentive compensation expenses and distribution costs were partially offset by CCI-led and GOE cost savings. Brand marketing also increased compared to the third quarter of last year and we continue to expect a low single-digit increase in brand marketing for the full year. As a percentage of net sales, SG&A increased 160 basis points. Strong sales growth and gross margin expansion, partially offset by higher SG&A costs, resulted in a constant currency increase in adjusted operating income of 5% compared to the third quarter of 2022. In constant currency, adjusted operating income in the Consumer segment, which was impacted by the slower China recovery and brand marketing investments, declined 5%, and in the Flavor Solutions segment, adjusted operating income increased 42%. Turning to interest expense and the income taxes on Slide 23. Our interest expense increased significantly over the third quarter of 2022, driven by the higher interest rate environment. And quickly touching on tax, our third quarter adjusted effective tax rate was 21.4%, compared to 21.2% in the year-ago period. Our income from unconsolidated operations in the third quarter reflects strong performance in our largest joint venture, McCormick de Mexico. We are the market leader with the McCormick-branded mayonnaise, marmalades, and mustard product lines in Mexico, and the business continues to contribute meaningfully to our net income and operating cash flow results. At the bottom-line, as shown on Slide 25, third quarter 2023 adjusted earnings per share was $0.65 as compared to $0.69 for the year-ago period. The decrease was driven by lapping a favorable impact primarily related to an optimization of our debt portfolio included in other income in the third quarter of last year. This impact is also a headwind to our full year results. On Slide 26, we've summarized highlights for cash flow and the quarter-end balance sheet. Our cash flow from operations year-to-date was very strong, $660 million in 2023 compared to $250 million for the same period last year, a 164% increase. The increase was primarily driven by higher operating income and working capital improvements, including lower inventory. We returned $314 million of cash to our shareholders through dividends and used $187 million of cash for capital expenditures through the third quarter. We expect 2023 to be a very strong year of cash flow as evidenced by our 2023 year-to-date cash flow from operations of $660 million, which is already slightly higher than our full year cash flow in 2022. Our priority is to continue to have a balanced use of cash, funding investments to drive growth, returning a significant portion to our shareholders through dividends, and paying down debt. We remain committed to a strong investment-grade rating. With our improving gross margin and lower inventory, we are well positioned to continue paying down debt, and we now expect to de-lever to approximately 3 times earlier in 2024 than we originally expected. Now turning to our updated 2023 financial outlook on Slide 27. Our 2023 outlook reflects our continued positive top-line growth momentum and, with the optimization of our cost structure, increased profit realization. We expect to drive margin expansion with strong sales and adjusted operating income growth. Adjusted operating income growth is expected to be partially offset by higher interest expense and a higher projected effective tax rate. We also anticipate minimal impact from currency rates, although there will be a timing aspect as we realize an unfavorable impact year-to-date through the third quarter and project a favorable impact in the fourth quarter. We are reaffirming our sales and operating profit outlook for 2023 despite a slower recovery in China. We no longer expect a 1% contribution to our sales from lapping last year's COVID disruptions in China. And we're also revising the benefit from a China recovery to our operating income from 300 basis points to 100 basis points. At the top-line, we continue to expect 5% to 7% growth, and anticipate our results will be closer to the middle of our guidance range given the lower-than-expected China recovery. The wrap of last year's pricing actions as well as the impact of new ones in 2023 are the primary drivers of growth. Several factors are expected to impact our volume and product mix for the year, including: price elasticities, which are consistent with 2022 at lower levels than we have historically experienced, but in line with the current environment; the divestiture of our Kitchen Basics business in August of last year and the exit of our Consumer business in Russia during last year's second quarter; the continual pruning of lower-margin business from our portfolio; we continue to estimate the Americas Consumer segment DSD exit and the EMEA's Flavor Solutions private label discontinuation to be approximately a 1% impact on the year, which began to impact us in the second quarter of 2023; and finally, the divestiture of Giotti's canning business, which closed on the first day of the fourth quarter, will have a minimal impact on total company sales for the year. We continue to plan to drive growth through the strength of our brands, as well as our category management, brand marketing, new products, and customer engagement plans. Our 2023 gross margin is projected to range between 110 basis points to 140 basis points higher than 2022 compared to our prior guidance of 50 basis points to 100 basis points. This gross margin expansion reflects a favorable impact from pricing, cost savings from our CCI-led and GOE programs, and portfolio optimization, partially offset by the anticipated impact of a low- to mid-teens increase in cost inflation. It also reflects more than offsetting cost pressures with pricing actions, as we recover the cost inflation or pricing lagged the last two years. Moving to adjusted operating income. We continue to expect 10% to 12% constant currency growth. There are some discrete items expected to impact our 2023 adjusted operating profit growth. First, remaining consistent with our prior outlook, we expect our GOE program to have an 800 basis point favorable impact and the Kitchen Basics divestiture to have an unfavorable 100 basis point impact. Next, I already mentioned the expected 100 basis point benefit related to China, which is lower than the originally anticipated 300 basis points. Finally, we expect a 900 basis point unfavorable impact from building back incentive compensation, slightly ahead of our prior projection of 800 basis points, given the increase in earnings expectations since the beginning of the year. The net impact of these discrete items is an unfavorable 100 basis points as compared to a 200 basis point favorable impact in our previous outlook. The reaffirmation of our adjusted operating income outlook despite the unfavorable change in the impact from discrete items highlight stronger than originally expected profit realization on our underlying business, which is now expected to be 11% to 13% growth compared to 8% to 10% growth previously. We are reaffirming our low single-digit increases in brand marketing investments, our CCI-led cost savings target of approximately $85 million, our interest expense outlook of an estimated range from $200 million to $210 million in 2023, and our 2023 adjusted effective income tax rate projection of approximately 22%. We are increasing our income from unconsolidated operations projection to a 30% expected increase from 2022, reflecting the strong performance we expect in our largest joint venture, McCormick de Mexico. To summarize, our 2023 adjusted earnings per share expectations reflect strong underlying business growth of 14% to 16%, above our prior projection of 10% to 12%. Combining this 14% to 16% underlying growth with a 1% unfavorable impact from the discrete items on adjusted operating profit and the combined interest and tax headwind of 9% results in an expected increase of 4% to 6% or a projected guidance range of adjusted earnings per share in 2023 of $2.62 to $2.67. We are projecting strong operating performance in 2023 with continued top-line momentum, significant optimization of our cost structure and strong adjusted operating profit growth, as well as margin expansion and strong cash flow. We remain confident in the underlying strength of our business and delivering on the profitable growth reflected in our 2023 financial outlook.
Brendan Foley: Thank you, Mike. Before we turn it over to Q&A, I would like to provide some closing comments. Global demand for flavor remains the foundation of our sales growth, and we have intentionally focused on great fast-growing categories. Our alignment with long-term consumer trends, healthy and flavorful cooking, trusted brands, increased digital engagement, and purpose-minded practices continue to create a tailwind for growth. McCormick is uniquely positioned to capitalize on this demand for great flavor. With the breadth and reach of our strong global flavor portfolio, we are end-to-end flavor for our consumers and customers. We remain a different kind of CPG company, one differentiated by our growth platform, the results that we have achieved over the last years and our culture. We play in great and fast growing categories. Our two segments, Consumer and Flavor Solutions, complement each other, reinforcing our differentiation. The scale, insights, and technology that we leverage from both segments are meaningful in driving sustainable growth. We continue to leverage the strength of our culture and the power of people to drive success. I want to thank McCormick employees worldwide as their energy and excitement for the business is coming through in our results. Now to recap the key takeaways as seen on Slide 30. Our third quarter performance was strong, reflecting sustained demand and the effective execution of our growth strategies. And our volume performance, excluding China, continued to improve. We drove meaningful year-over-year margin expansion, underscoring our focus on profit realization. Our year-to-date cash flow from operation results was strong, already equal to our full year 2022 results. Our reaffirmed sales and operating profit guidance, despite lower-than-expected China recovery, highlights the growing strength of the rest of the business. The strength of our business model, the value of our products and capabilities, and execution of our proven strategies bolsters our confidence in our growth trajectory over the long term. Now for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We'll now be conducting the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. And our first question is coming from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Please proceed with your questions.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thanks very much. Good morning, everybody.
Brendan Foley: Good morning, Andrew.
Mike Smith: Good morning.
Andrew Lazar: Good morning. I guess maybe to start off with McCormick obviously as you mentioned saw some sequential volume improvement in Consumer Americas in the fiscal third quarter and you're lapping an easier -- and even easier I guess down 11% volume decline in the year-ago period in the fourth quarter. So, I guess my question is would you expect volume in the Consumer Americas segment to flip positively in the fourth quarter? And if not, I guess, what would be the key factors that would keep you from doing so, obviously all in the context of an industry volume backdrop that remains kind of subdued?
Brendan Foley: Well, thanks Andrew for your question. Just to maybe speak first to last year's fourth quarter. I think our sales growth back in 2022 was down about 1.7%, I think, on sales. And that was up without Kitchen Basics. And we were lapping the 2021 retail inventory build in a high level. I think we, as we talked about on that call, entered the 2022 holiday with just a lot stronger inventory than we were counting on or predicting or forecasting. So, the way we're looking at it is the net sales impact really was up about -- a little over 4% in the fourth quarter last year. So, we're not seeing that necessarily as an easy comparison overall, but just talking to dollars first, that's kind of our view is just we're still looking at a pretty robust fourth quarter from a year ago just knowing that we had that comparison in the fourth quarter. Now, when we look at this year's fourth quarter, as we said on the call here earlier, you will see the impact of that DSD continuation in our Hispanic bagged spices part of our business. It just tends to be -- that business tends to be heavier in the fourth quarter because of the holidays, so that will be a little bit stronger then. But to our spices and seasonings business, we continue to see improving trends in that part of our portfolio. And you should expect to see that in the fourth quarter, that sequential improvement in performance overall. And we feel like we're going to have a strong holiday. I mean, I think the reasons why we feel good about the direction of that part of our portfolio is, and you heard it on the call, we're gaining share and we're gaining distribution on Super Deal, Herbs & Spices. On the Lowry's opening price point platform, we're still getting really good performance for that, but still also building out distribution. And we have one value retailer that we've only begun just starting shipments on, and they'll start to build out and fill out more store locations because we have like just in that one particular account, 85% of the locations still yet to come. So, we still see distribution build happening behind Lowry's overall. And that renovation that we launched here this year, we talked about in the second quarter, is doing really well where we see it getting on shelf. Now we shipped about 40%, but what's appearing on shelf is probably just a little bit different because we don't really have that data. But what we're seeing with when we see that new package come on shelf is that [Indiscernible] improves quite a bit. So, we're really encouraged by our performance there. And we're definitely seeing strong consumer reaction to the new package. And so that will obviously continue to build in the four quarter. And we're also turning on our media right now, advertising the benefits of the package. But then we're also having holiday campaigns starting to run too. So, we feel like there's a lot of good momentum in the pipeline. Obviously, a lot of that will carry into 2024, but we still feel really good about the strength of that part of our business going into the fourth quarter. What's also helping us though is that our core categories are performing a little bit stronger than overall total edible in the grocery store. So, we see continued strength there just from a category standpoint. We have good performance across other core categories like recipe mix, condiments, and sauces. So, we expect pretty good performance there. But there are some categories where we participate along with our food peers, it's probably at a much smaller scale. But these are categories like frozen or the Asian category where we see more volume decline like we've seen in the rest of center of store in that part of our business. That's just one part of it. The portfolio I just gave you some color on that we're seeing definitely the type of softness that you're seeing in other categories. But the fundamental trends have not shifted. Despite this recovery in China being a lot slower, U.S. and Europe are performing as expected. And as you heard in the call, we kind of reaffirmed our guidance on sales despite China, which is meant to indicate that we still see a strength in the performance of our business overall.
Andrew Lazar: Great, thanks. I'll pass it on and leave it there. Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard with Bernstein. Please proceed with your questions.
Alexia Howard: Good morning, everyone.
Brendan Foley: Good morning.
Alexia Howard: Can I ask about the market share trends that we're seeing in Americas Consumer? It's obviously been under pressure for some time because of the distribution losses and so on. But I'm wondering if there is light at the end of the tunnel in terms of when either the comparables get easier or innovation helps to turn it around. I'm just wondering what the outlook is there. And then, I have a follow-up.
Brendan Foley: Thanks, Alexia. Yeah, I think as we take a look at our performance overall in terms of shares, et cetera, just talking maybe specifically to spices and seasonings, the dollars are a bit tricky because we are seeing private label and our competitors take more price right now in the last couple of months to catch up to the pricing that we've taken in the marketplace. But this is helpful obviously because it starts to close price gaps. And so, I think you're seeing some stronger dollar performance there. But from a unit standpoint, we believe we're performing even better. That lag is even less. And so, as we then look to the pipeline of activities that we have going on, much like I just mentioned on the previous question, whether it's parts of our product line that are really starting to build momentum or distribution that builds momentum, we see a strong pipeline across that part of our portfolio as well as just stronger overall marketing initiatives now that we have really a shared supply across all of our portfolio. So, when we talk about light at the end of the tunnel, we just see sequential improvement over the course of time as we fall back on distribution points, which we've grown this quarter, as well as just the pipeline of activity and renovation that we have across our portfolio. You're seeing a good view of that right now, but there's more to come. And so, we do feel pretty confident about our ability to continue driving sequential improvement, whether it's in spices and seasonings or across other categories.
Mike Smith: I think, too, we think some of the same things we've done in Europe, for example, where we had, as we mentioned today, a really good share performance and volume performance in markets like UK and France, which are similar to the U.S. So those types of activities we are doing, whether it's innovation, upgrading, renovating the line, have had success over there too.
Alexia Howard: Great, thank you. And just as a quick follow-up. You talked about the free cash flow allowing you to de-lever more quickly than expected. What's your level of appetite for acquisitions next year? And where are the priorities? Is it Consumer? Is it Flavor Solutions? Domestic? International? Just wondering how you're thinking about the pipeline on the M&A side. And I'll pass it on. Thank you.
Mike Smith: Alexia, as you said, we're having really good success on our operating cash flow. We're really excited about that. As we said on the call today, we're going to de-lever faster than we thought to get back to our 3 times target. We're always looking at acquisitions. I mean, we have a corporate development team that is always working internally to look at those assets. We have an appetite as part of our long-term growth algorithm. A third of our 4% to 6% long-term growth algorithm is M&A. However, we're still in the process of paying down debt. I think the fourth quarter is our biggest cash flow quarter generally. As we get into next year though, as we get closer to our targets, I think as assets come up that are attractive, whether they're Consumer or Flavor Solutions, U.S., International, we really look for things that don't dilute our sales growth. Our top-line is really important to us. You look at the past with Cholula and FONA and RB, those are the type of assets we really like. Would we like it to be a bit more international? Yes. Flavor Solutions now also is an area where we really like that and look at FONA and Giotti as past acquisitions we're really happy with. So, sorry for the long-winded answer, but I think we're getting back to where we want to be to enter back in the M&A market. And as long as it meets those strategies in both Consumer and Flavor Solutions for attractive assets, we'll be buyers hopefully at the right price.
Brendan Foley: But right now, paying down our debt is our priority.
Alexia Howard: Thank you very much. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Max Gumport with BNP Paribas. Please proceed with your question.
Max Gumport: Hey, thanks for the question. A number of your broader U.S. packaged food peers have been talking about value seeking behavior, whether it's moving down to cheaper brands and private label, or channel shifting, or simply buying less units of food. You mentioned some comments earlier about the movement to larger package sizes that you're seeing, but I'm curious if you can talk more broadly about how value seeking behavior is impacting your business, particularly given you're also a large producer of private label spices and seasonings. Thanks very much.
Brendan Foley: Thanks for the question. We're seeing value play out through many different types of actions from the consumer. Some are going to larger sizes and we see that quite a bit and as an example of where we're taking an opportunity to continue growing even more quickly. In that part of our portfolio, we're definitely seeing sustainable continued trends towards larger sizes. And what's also interesting about larger sizes, at least in the categories that we have, especially spices and seasonings, is that the purchase rate is still just as fast as it was with a smaller size. So, people are going through when they have it in the household, they're going through a little bit just as fast or more quickly. But the other way value kind of presents itself too is opportunities like this opening price point. With the pricing that's happened in the market, as we talked about before, it created a price pocket that we feel like we needed to fill with a brand like Lowry's. And so that's playing a role in our portfolio that's offering a brand to consumers. And a lot of consumers still prefer brands. And it's allowing them to move towards a brand that's a lower opening price point and fills the need. And we're seeing a lot of success with that too. But the other way we're really talking a lot about value is directly to the consumer, especially if you think about a lot of our communication right now over the past year has been value oriented. And we're talking about the role that our portfolio plays in terms of providing flavor for pennies of serving. And that is really having a positive impact. Plus, a lot of our content is also focusing on how consumers continue to save money by creating, let's say, for example, just larger batch sizes of food so they can have leftovers for a couple nights in a row, or tricks and hacks like that that allow consumers to create even more value and stretch the food dollar even further. That's where we see our category really playing a role in the household, especially during this kind of -- where there's a lot of consumer concern around inflation, our categories are playing a helpful role in that. So, we're looking at it from a number of different angles, but I just illustrated three right there that we are hitting pretty hard during this period of time.
Max Gumport: Thanks. Very helpful. I'll pass that along.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Adam Samuelson: Yes, thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Mike Smith: Good morning.
Brendan Foley: Good morning.
Adam Samuelson: Good morning. I guess maybe trying to take Andrew's question in maybe a slightly different kind of light. Brendan, is there any way to help frame the distribution kind of gains that you're seeing and expect to see over the incoming quarters? Any way to quantify kind of how we should think about total distribution growth and where that will peak from a TDP perspective into 2024? It's harder to fully see that expansion in the scanner data. And so, I'm wondering if part of it is growth in certain unmeasured channels or value retailers that aren't captured in Nielsen.
Brendan Foley: Well, Adam, just a few things around TDPs. I'm not going to be talking about what to expect in 2024, just -- because we'll talk about that guidance as we look at early next year, but just talking a little bit more about TDP performance. It remains an important area of focus for us, and we've been taking a lot of action to restore distribution, which has really lost the supply over the last one or two years. I think it's an important reminder that about half of those TDP losses are a result of just proactive discontinuations that we made. And those are not likely to be restored. But we are starting to see TDP growth, something which we said would start to come this year in the third quarter. And we believe that performance has improved versus like the previous two quarters of the year. And I would also just share with you that our assortment on shelf now is even more productive than it was versus pre-COVID. So that velocity, those turns that we get on shelf from that assortment there is actually even more productive not only for McCormick, but also for the retailer. So that's something really important to pass along. And we'll start to see more distribution come online as retailers reset their shelves. We're seeing a bit of that happen right now as we speak going into the fourth quarter, but we expect to see even more of that as we go into 2024. So that's one, I think, context around, TDPs and distribution that we think provides context and color. We will continue to accelerate innovation, and that's something that we did in 2023. We'll continue to do that in future fiscal years. That will also build on sort of the TDP momentum and distribution growth that we see. I think those are some of the points that I think that are without calling out a specific TDP number and gain to expect. We continue to see continued improvement, sequential improvement as we look at this over time. And as we mentioned in previous calls, it will take a little bit of time to get it back, but we are still making forward progress on this.
Adam Samuelson: Okay, that's helpful. And if I could just ask a separate question on the Flavor Solutions segment. And as you think about some of the different customer types that you have and geographies, how would you frame kind of recent inbound kind of bid activity in RFPs and contract win rates? Are you seeing your customers accelerate their innovation agenda to drive growth in their business? Or is activity levels slowing down? Just any color -- as you think about that pipeline of new business wins, kind of how would you frame that?
Brendan Foley: I'd point to our performance in the Americas as an example as to how to think about our current momentum on our flavor business. We had really good sales growth, but we also had some volume growth. And that's an example of what we're seeing not only through our flavors business but also branded foodservice. And we are starting to -- we are growing share in a number of the strong categories that we participate in. We talked about performance nutrition or the health end market. We see it happening there, or even in alcoholic beverages. We have been seeing some nice growth and gains in that part of our business. Is there anything particularly unique at this point in the year versus what it was like earlier in the year? No, I don't think I can point to anything that's terribly unique that we haven't already talked about before, but this has been an element of sort of continued sequential improvement of performance. We've been able to grow a little bit of volume here probably because of the strength of our products and technology that go into the categories we play in. And so that's I think some of the context there. We're happy to be growing share. We believe that we have the right plans. Now if you look at elsewhere within Flavor Solutions, our EMEA business tends to be more heavily weighted towards the QSR part of our customer base. They're not seeing the type of traffic and promotions that they have in, let's say, the prior year. So, we still see a little bit of pressure on overall volumes there. Conversely, in Asia Pacific, our QSR business there is actually doing quite well. Customers are turning back on promotions. They are trying to drive more traffic in their stores. And so, we, as a result, are also seeing some nice volume growth in that part of our portfolio at Flavor Solutions. But dialing back to sort of that flavor part of our category, we are pleased with the performance that we have made so far this year. And it's continued momentum, but nothing that there is a certain new inflection point to share with you.
Adam Samuelson: Okay, I appreciate all that color. I'll pass it on. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Powers with Deutsche Bank. Pleased proceed with your question.
Steve Powers: Hey, great, and good morning. Thank you.
Brendan Foley: Good morning, Steve.
Mike Smith: Hi, Steve.
Steve Powers: Hey. So, I wanted to ask on the incremental gross margin improvement that you see in your outlook this quarter, building on a raise that happened last quarter as well. And just, if you could put a little bit of context and detail around exactly what's driving that incremental gross margin upside? Question number one. Then, question number two is, as we've seen that gross margin tick up over the balance of the year, we haven't seen you change your reinvestment strategy in terms of brand marketing. I just want a little bit of color and context as to why that isn't a source of reinvestment as you do realize that gross margin upside.
Mike Smith: Well, thanks, Steve. This is Mike. I'll take that one. I'm surprised it took five questions to get to gross margin, so thanks for asking that question. First of all, we're really pleased with the gross margin performance this year. We've had improvement. We had a strong third quarter. You think about the things we're doing with the cost recovery through our pricing, which we've really been successful at this year. The GOE and CCI commitments we put out at the beginning of the year, we're really happy with our performance there across those segments, that's the other thing. These margin improvements are happening both in the Consumer and Flavor Solutions side, which is really -- which is great. As far as raising for the year, as you know, we've had good performance year-to-date. And even with some of the challenges in China, our strong underlying performance has really held through. So, as to why we wouldn't raise really the A&P spent, I mean, we feel really comfortable where we are from A&P with our current guide. The third quarter was up 8% and it was the highest dollar amount we've ever spent in the third quarter. So, we feel we're very effective there. Actually, CPI is a topic, we get savings across all costs of goods sold, but we get it on SG&A too. And A&P is an area where the teams have gotten real cost savings or efficiencies in our advertising program. So, it's even higher than you see from a dollar perspective. So, I think we're confident where we are in gross margin. We're building back. If you go back to pre-'19 -- pre-COVID in 2019, our gross margins were around 40%. Using our implied guidance this year, gets you around 37%. The interesting thing is if you look at the map on the pricing dilution that has happened, it's been -- it's over 500 basis point headwind to us, which you can see, we're down 300 basis points. So during that time, through CCI and other things, we've captured some of that back, which we continue to see in the future as we get back to those pre-COVID gross margin and operating profit levels.
Brendan Foley: Now, Steve, if I could, there was a question in there about A&P too, and just to really kind of build on that. In that, we were up significantly in the third quarter [indiscernible] at 8%, but it was probably our highest historical spend, right? So, we're really putting a lot more in the A&P as we sort of called out, and we'll have a strong level again in the fourth quarter, and these are going into a lot of important campaigns right now. So, I just wanted to reinforce, I think we are seeing still an increase in spend in that part of our -- in that line of the P&L.
Steve Powers: Okay. That's great. And so, I guess -- that's helpful. Thank you. And Mike, so just playing back the various puts and takes on gross margin, is it fair to say that the biggest sort of upside surprise for you over the course of the year has just -- has been successful price realization, or are there elements of business mix or other drivers there? Because it feels like the productivity has come in solidly, but roughly in line with, I think, original expectations. Cost inflation hasn't changed materially, so it seems like the buckets has to be pricier, or...
Mike Smith: The way I say it, Steve, everything is going to move in the right direction. We were successful getting our cost recovery. We got some pricing earlier as you probably inferred from some of our pricing numbers. So, we got our pricing faster than last year, which was helpful. The GOE and CCI programs, like I said, have met targets. And frankly, we're a bit prudent this year. I think as we said -- as we gave guidance in January after last year, we wanted to make sure we hit our numbers. There was a lot of big assumptions going in into 2023, pricing, GOE program, things like that, and we knew the China -- we were counting on a China recovery which impacts not only gross margin but operating profit. So, we felt at this time after Q3, where we see us spending for the year, we felt it'd be a good line of sight to the commodity cost, things like that too, which gave us the comfort to get there. The other thing, too, is, as you think of it, when Brandon was talking a little bit about the strong -- our underlying performance in things like spices and seasonings, when you look at our performance in other markets, we've had really good portfolio -- really good portfolio mix, and some of the things we're doing on portfolio optimization with pruning low-margin business does help grow these margins also, and will help us as we go into the future.
Steve Powers: Yeah. Okay. Very good. Thank you so much.
Operator: Our next questions come from the line of Matt Smith with Stifel. Please proceed with your questions.
Matt Smith: Hi, good morning. Thank you for taking my question.
Brendan Foley: Good morning.
Matt Smith: If I could follow up on the margin commentary and the headwind from pricing dilution, as we look at the Flavor Solutions business, you've been making margin recovery progress there. But can you talk about the factors that are keeping the current margin 400 basis points or so below historical levels? And how much of that is the mechanical pricing impact versus other factors? And then, what supports the margin recovery from here?
Mike Smith: Yeah, it's a great question, Matt. If you think about it, pre-COVID, we were at 14.5% operating profit, which at the time we were really happy with because we came from a low of around 6% several years before. But we also did acknowledge that as we migrated our portfolio, we had higher aspirations to get higher than that as we migrated to more flavor type products. COVID has been -- and the cost related to that have really been a big challenge to us and a headwind, and also the huge cost increases that have hit Flavor Solutions. So last year, we were at 8%, as you know. This year, we're looking to build back. Year-to-date, we're around 10%. So probably around that for the end of the year. So, 200 basis point improvement this year. Back to your question on dilution, at the operating profit level, we've had about a 300 basis point dilution impact on Flavor Solutions. So theoretically, if that didn't happen, I know it did happen, but that 10% would become 13%. So, we're about 150 basis points short of that pre-COVID-19 margin improvement. And things like we've done with GOE, which we see continuing and wrapping into next year; the dual running costs, we're having it primarily in our Flavor Solutions business in the UK manufacturing facility, that goes away partially next year and the year after it's totally gone, which is great; continued TCI. So, these types of things will get us back to -- and portfolio migration, pruning the low-margin business, we talked about some of the private label foodservice business in the EMEA this call. Those types of things were focused really, really well on getting our margins up. And some of the things when Brandon talks about performance nutrition and beverage, those are the flavor type of items. They're growing faster. We really like those. They can help margin up our whole Flavor Solutions portfolio.
Brendan Foley: But we do like the progress we're making independent of price and dilution, just on overall improvement in the margin there. So, we do believe we're moving in the right direction.
Matt Smith: Okay, thank you for that. I can pass it on.
Mike Smith: Okay. Thanks, Matt.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with TD Cowen. Please proceed with your question.
Robert Moskow: Hi, thanks for the question.
Mike Smith: Hey, Rob.
Brendan Foley: Good morning. Rob.
Robert Moskow: Good morning. I wanted to know about the guide -- the implied guide for organic sales growth in fourth quarter. It looks like it's about 3% and that marks a substantial deceleration from the first three quarters. And then even when we try to look at that on a four-year basis, just using like 2019 as the base, it's again, a big decline. We're all looking at the U.S. retail data in Nielsen and IRI, it's all decelerating. Are you taking that into account in your guide? And if so, it sounds a little like a disconnect from the expectations for a very strong holiday season.
Mike Smith: Hey, Rob, just to clarify, you just mentioned the word -- number 3%. Our implied guide is in the midpoint is 3.7% to 11.2%, which implies 7.5%.
Robert Moskow: I'm just trying to get to your -- I'm just trying to plug in a fourth quarter organic sales number to get to your midpoint of 5% to 7%, 6% for the year.
Brendan Foley: Yeah, I think -- Rob, it's Brendan. The things to keep in mind, I think for the fourth quarter, it's our largest quarter. So, we're not able to provide a precise estimate, but I think some broad concepts to consider is we do expect some growth in China in Consumer in the fourth quarter. If you recall, we're lapping over a pretty severe lockdown at that time, this time a year ago overall. We still expect to have a reasonable impact from the DSD discontinuation in the Americas, heavier because it's during the holiday season. We still expect some softness in Flavor Solutions demand that will persist, that will certainly be there, but we will also lap the impact of the Kitchen Basics divestiture, as well as the Consumer business exit in Russia. So those are just some considerations I think when we take a look at fourth quarter sales.
Mike Smith: Yeah, I think, Rob, just a follow up on my point before, from a reported basis, our implied fourth quarter guidance is 3.7% at the low end to 11.2%. That includes about a 2% FX favorable, because FX is back-loaded favorable this year. So, constant currency is 5% to 5.5% range. So, I'm not sure where the 3% is coming from for the fourth quarter you mentioned. Make it as a follow-up with Faten and Kasey, we can make sure your model is okay.
Robert Moskow: That's fine. So, maybe that answers the question, Mike. So, you're not expecting any kind of decel in U.S. retail conditions in fourth quarter?
Brendan Foley: No, in fact -- yeah. We do believe we're having again underlying improvement. We've mentioned this the last few quarters and we continue to progress there.
Robert Moskow: Got it. Okay. Thank you.
Mike Smith: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rob Dickerson with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Rob Dickerson: Great. Thank you so much. I just wanted to ask a question about the renovated SKUs. I think I heard you say in the prepared remarks that -- I think it's 40% of the renovated SKUs, maybe our own shelf. So, maybe just as a reminder, just curious kind of when you think about total SKU selection, it sounds like maybe it's more spice and seasoning, kind of what percent is being renovated? And then kind of what's the feedback so far as to why that's driving velocity? Is it just consumers are more attracted to different packaging or -- it doesn't sound like these are different SKUs. Thanks.
Brendan Foley: Thanks for the question. Just to make sure I clarify what we said in the prepared remarks, about 40% of those SKUs are shipping and the SKUs we're talking about is part of our core herbs and spices line. These tend to be those straight fill items, meaning it's a bottle of cumin or a bottle of cinnamon, et cetera, so that's what we're calling those straight fill spices. And we have visibility to the SKUs that are being shipped. It's not as easy to track exactly what has hit shelf yet. And that's really dependent on the retailers' plans. But where we know it has, there's really been an improvement in velocity overall. And one of the drivers of that, just there's a lot of different benefits from this new package. We've talked about it before, but it is nitrogen-flushed, so there's even -- what we're providing there is just greater long-term freshness. Until you open up that package, we're really securing the freshness of that product. There's sort of a nice click and snap with the cap that really kind of tells the consumer, not only just through seeing but also listening, there's a real sort of snap to disclosure that kind of again creates to retain freshness. And the package is 50% post-consumer recycled plastic, so it also has a big sustainability benefit. It just has a great appearance on the shelf overall. And so, we knew that this was a strong packaging innovation because we've launched it in other markets around the world like in EMEA. And also, it's also going out to the Asia Pacific too. So, we have some experience with this package and how it performs. And we're seeing similar, if not better, velocity performance as we get started here on U.S. shelves. So that's a little bit of context around what we're seeing from that renovation in our product line.
Mike Smith: Yeah, just to re-emphasize that 40% is really shipped. I mean, if you walk into a store today, it might be 10% of the items or 5% or 20% depending on the stores, but it depends sometimes on their supply chain, too. So, we see like a good tailwind into next year from this too.
Rob Dickerson: Got it, Okay. Super. Thanks. And then maybe just quickly and kind of simplistically on SG&A. Q3 you ran for total SG&A about 22% of revenues. Clearly, that's up, but kind of inline-ish, right, relative to maybe the kind of prior four or five years. As we think about Q4 and then I guess kind of going forward, is like 22% of sales, is that kind of fair? Or could there be certain quarter-to-quarter movement? Thanks.
Mike Smith: Yeah, I mean third quarter I think was a bit of a high watermark for SG&A. We had a big incentive comp. As we talked about on the call, incentive comp got billed back for a couple reasons. And remember last year's third quarter was way down. So, the incentive comp was getting adjusted then. So, the build back this year was a big part of SG&A on a smaller quarter than the fourth quarter. So, you got to think about it in makable terms too. And really then incentive comp was driven, not only by the EPS improvement, with everyone in the company, which is great. Within our regions, the mix of our regional underlying strength of Americas and EMEA region did drive it a bit more NIV -- excuse me, incentive comp, but also the great working capital performance. And people forget that sometimes, I mean we're an EVA, economic value-added company. We have a working capital charge component of our incentive compensation. So, last year when working capital wasn't great, we all got dinged for it. This year, we are doing great and coming through incentive comp. It is just another reason we are driving cash and those types of activities that help us lever down and things like that, which are really great. So, a bit more of that impact in the third quarter. And then, brand marketing, we mentioned up 8%. So really strong performance there. And for the year, we stick to our guide as low-single digit A&P.
Rob Dickerson: And maybe if I could just sneak one last one in. Asia-Pac, clearly understand what you're talking about in terms of just getting a slower China recovery. And I think you called out maybe a few kind of one-off drivers, but maybe it's more EMEA-driven. Kind of net-net, right, Asia-Pac in Consumer, it was still down a quarter, but clearly Asia-Pac in Flavor Solutions is doing better, and I realize, like, part of your China business is in Consumer, but maybe it's still somewhat foodservice. So, I'm just trying to understand kind of the comparison between kind of Asia-Pac Consumer versus Asia-Pac Flavor Solutions, and what's driving the delta? That's all. Thanks.
Brendan Foley: Well, appreciate the question there, Rob, on China. It's probably worth unpacking that a little bit. I would say, though, despite the pace of recovery in this business having been slower than expected, we continue to believe in long-term growth trajectory of that business. And it's also when you step back on a constant currency basis, we are growing this business. Versus a year ago, we've grown sales in the high-single digits. So, yeah, we're disappointed that the pace of recovery wasn't what we expected it to be, but nevertheless, we are growing sales year-over-year. And even despite the volatility since 2019, we've grown our total China business at a 3% CAGR on a constant currency basis, which is kind of in line with the long-term algorithm. So, this is really an element of an economy that certainly is recovering more slowly than what we would have expected. And where we see that now, this kind of goes into sort of how we're thinking about Flavor Solutions versus Consumer. And part of that Consumer business is in the foodservice channel, but people are just simply not necessarily going out to a lot of the catering and outside dining events that we've seen in the past, and that's just been a slower recovery overall. We're also seeing that also happening in retail. Consumer spending is just soft right now overall in China, and we're seeing that play out. Where we start to see -- and this is actually more of a change in this quarter, just more of the typical promotional activity or limited time offers that we tend to see in the QSR segment have begun to come back a little bit more. So that gives us some reason to believe that this is just a slower recovery than what we planned, but the fundamentals that drive that business are still there and it's just going to take a little bit more time to get back to what we expect from this part of our business.
Rob Dickerson: All right. Super. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. We've reached the end of the question-and-answer session. I'll turn the call over to Faten Freiha for closing remarks.
Faten Freiha: Thank you all for joining today's call. If you have any further questions regarding today's information, please feel free to contact me. And that concludes this morning's conference call. Thank you.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-06-29 08:00:00) =====
Kasey Jenkins: Good morning. This is Kasey Jenkins, Chief Strategy Officer. Thank you for joining today's second quarter earnings call. To accompany this call, we've posted a set of slides at ir.mccormick.com. With me this morning are Lawrence Kurzius, Chairman and CEO; Brendan Foley, President, and COO; and Mike Smith, Executive Vice President, and CFO. I would also like to welcome [Indiscernible] joining us on this call this morning. [Indiscernible] joined McCormick earlier this month as Vice President, Investor Relations. During this call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. The nature of these non-GAAP financial measures and the related reconciliations to the GAAP results are included in this mornings press release and slides. In our comments, certain percentages are rounded. Please refer to our presentation for complete information. Today's presentation contains projections and other forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from those projected. The Company undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether because of new information, future events, or other factors. Please refer to our forward-looking statements on slide two for more information. I will now turn the discussion over to Lawrence.
Lawrence Kurzius: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. To start, last night, we announced that Brendan Foley will become McCormicks next Chief Executive Officer on September 1, and he is joining the Board of Directors immediately. I could not be more pleased with Brendan as my successor. I will continue to serve McCormick and all of its stakeholders as Executive Chairman of the Board once Brendan becomes CEO. This is a transition that we have been planning internally as part of an orderly multi-year succession plan, and it's exciting to finally share the news with all of you. As many of you know, Brendan is exceptionally well qualified and prepared to lead McCormick. He deeply understands the importance of delivering continued strong growth, while doing the right things for people, communities, and the planet. With our advantaged competitive positioning, supported by the growing demand for flavor and with our tremendous depth of talent, I have utmost confidence that McCormick, under Brendan's leadership, will continue to drive differentiated growth and long-term shareholder value. Congratulations, Brendan. Now on to our earnings update. First, I'll provide an overview of our second quarter results. Brendan will provide the business segment update, Mike will provide details on our financial results and 2023 outlook, and after your questions, I will have some final comments. Starting with our second quarter results. We're pleased with our strong second quarter performance, which reflects sustained demand across our business and effective execution of our strategy. We delivered double-digit constant currency sales growth. Our pricing actions are in place and, importantly, our volume performance improved. We continue to see top line momentum in our business, positioning McCormick for sustained growth. Additionally, we drove meaningful year-over-year margin expansion in both segments, underscoring our focus on profit realization. Our global operating effectiveness or GOE program, which includes the optimization of our supply chain cost structure, is yielding results. We grew adjusted earnings per share of 25% driven by significant adjusted operating income growth, and despite interest rate and tax headwinds. Year-to-date, cash flow from operations more than doubled driven by higher earnings, I just mentioned and working capital improvements. Notably, we're reducing inventory levels as planned. Both segments in all regions contributed with strong growth. Our results benefited from our recovery in China. And while the timing and pace of recovery in our China business was less robust than anticipated, it was still strong, and we are confident in the contribution China will provide to our results as the year progresses. Overall, we are pleased with our execution and results during the first half of 2023. Our year-to-date results, combined with the strong demand we continue to expect across our portfolio and our diligent approach to optimizing our cost structure, bolster our confidence in our growth trajectory as we enter the second-half of the year. As such, we are raising our adjusted operating income and earnings per share outlook for the full-year. Turning to slide five. In the second quarter, we drove 8% sales growth or 10% in constant currency. Our constant currency sales growth reflected strong business performance, with an 11% contribution from pricing and a 1% decline in volume and product mix. Netted in this volume decline are net 1% volume increase from China recovery, partially offset by our Kitchen Basics divestiture and the exit of our Consumer business in Russia, and 1% decline attributable to pruning low-margin business. As examples, we exited direct store delivery, DSD, of our bagged Hispanic products in our Americas consumer segment and a private label food service line in EMEA. From a segment lens, both the Consumer and Flavor Solutions segments delivered strong sales growth in each region. In the Consumer segment, we continue to have strong price realization and we drove a sequential improvement in volume performance. Flavor Solutions, our exceptional performance continued with our ninth consecutive quarter of constant currency double-digit sales growth. Our sales performance demonstrates the strength of our broad global portfolio and positions us well for continued top line growth for the balance of the year. I'd like to share a few highlights about our gross margin performance, which Mike will cover in more detail in a few moments. We drove significant gross margin improvement, reflecting the continued recovery of the cost inflation or pricing lagged last year. Cost savings from our CCI and GOE programs and the impact of strategic decisions we've made to optimize our portfolio, with a focus on driving margin improvement as we continue to prune low-margin business. Our gross margin expansion in the quarter was partially offset by higher SG&A as we build back incentive compensation as planned. Our adjusted operating income increased by 35% versus the second quarter of last year or, in constant currency, 36%. This growth drove an adjusted earnings per share increase of 25%, which also reflected higher interest and effective tax rate. We remain confident that we have the right plans in place and are taking the right actions. We are halfway through the year. Our year-to-date results speak for themselves. We expect to continue driving profitable growth for the balance of the year. Demand is strong. We're driving improvements in our margin profile and optimizing our cost structure effectively. I want to thank McCormick employees worldwide for their collective power is driving our success. I'm proud of the tremendous job that McCormick team has done navigating the dynamic environment over the last few years. I'd like to recognize their energy and excitement for the business, which is coming through in our results. Now I'd like to ask Brendan to share the second quarter business updates for our segments.
Brendan Foley: Thank you, Lawrence. Starting with our Consumer segment, on slide eight. Our underlying performance was strong reflecting our price realization and continuing positive momentum in our consumption trends. We continue to see sequential improvement. Now for some highlights by region, starting with the Americas. Our total U.S. branded portfolio consumption as indicated by our IRI consumption data and combined with unmeasured channels grew 7%. The difference between our sales and consumption was attributable to the retail sell-through of discontinued items and listing fees for an increase in the new distribution and products. For example, our new Cholula and Stubs items and Tabitha brown line expansions. As anticipated, our alignment between consumption and shipments is normalizing. As usual, we expect some business fluctuations from period-to-period. In spices and seasonings, both consumption dollars and units accelerated sequentially from the last several quarters with unit strength in core products such as straight fill spices and vanilla, as well as our seasoning blends, which provide consumers both convenience and flavor exploration. Lunch-to-date results of our Lawry's everyday spice range continue to be positive. We are seeing incremental sales and profits of the category, and like the first quarter, over half of the purchases are from new buyers to McCormick and overall incremental to the category. We also continue to see consumers trade up from private label. As our proprietary research indicates, consumers still preferred brands, even when under economic pressure. Our excitement and distribution for this product line continues to build. The renovation of our U.S. core Everyday Spice in their portfolio is rolling out according to plan and is a seamless transition for our retail partners as it fits into existing shelf spots. At the end of the second quarter we had about 30% of our SKUs on shelf, we will continue to rollout the product over the course of the year and our significant brand marketing campaign will be ramping up at the end of the third quarter. Our larger-size Super Deal herbs and spices continue to benefit the category and McCormick with 11% consumption growth in the second quarter as consumers continue to put more at home. Super Deal's purchase cycle is similar to that of smaller sizes even though they are 3 times the volume. And household penetration remains greater than pre-COVID. We kicked off the grilling season at the end of the second quarter and early results are good. Franks RedHot and Cholula Hot Sauces, French's mustard, Lawry's Marinades, and McCormick mayonaisa, all delivered double-digit growth in the second quarter. With Stubs barbecue sauce, as well as Grill Mate's seasoning blends and recipe mixes, following close with high-single-digit growth. We are expecting our new grilling products and strong promotions to heat up share performance. We've launched three new Grill Mates on-trend flavors, including Smash Burger and Garlic Butter, as well as Griller's Choice Marinades, which you can use as three different flavors, all have had strong retailer acceptance. We are really excited about our Stubs Real Smoke Rubs, which capture real authentic hardwood smoke flavor and Stubb Jalapeno and Honey Barbecue Sauce, which combines two trending flavor profiles and the nuance of heat and flavor that are Frank's Smoke and Sweet Barbecue Wing sauce offers. We are fired up for the grilling season and expect the launch of our fire up brand marketing campaign in the third quarter to fire up consumer demand as well. Our expansion into the fast growing Mexican aisle with Cholula Taco recipe mixes and salsas based on authentic Mexican formulas is off to a great start following our Cinco de Mayo execution. During the third quarter, we are increasing our Cholula brand marketing investments to support our expanded portfolio. Our third quarter brand marketing will also include increasing our investments for our McCormick Gourmet product line with our further for flavor campaign, highlighting our commitment to sustainability from farm to table. With our supply issues of this product line resolved, we are excited to be able to support this premium product offering for the first time in two years. And importantly, as we enter the second-half of the year, it is historically our most significant period. Finally, in the Americas, we continue to drive double-digit consumption growth in e-commerce, led by spices and seasonings. We are realizing high returns on our investments, gaining new customers, and growing with new products, such as our new Frank Dill Pickle hot sauce on our direct-to-consumer platform, which sold out in less than a week. We will start to expand distribution in stores late this year. In EMEA, our second quarter was strongest quarterly sales performance in two years, our effective pricing accelerated to contribute double-digit growth and our volume performance improved sequentially. And in fact, we grew volume in the U.K. and Eastern Europe. Consumption data continues to indicate the consumer is holding up well in our categories and our share performance is solid. We are growing herbs, spices and seasonings share in Eastern Europe and in Italy, and our growth plans in France are also yielding results with improved share performance. We are excited about celebrating the 60th anniversary of our [Indiscernible] brand this year. We are scaling up our grilling activation in France, and partnering with key retailers to celebrate the brand's anniversary and to spark another reason to celebrate around the grill. In the U.K., we have also kicked off the grilling season and are building out our support and the discount channel featuring our Schwartz Grill Mates products. In both France and the U.K., we will be increasing our third quarter brand marketing investments to support grilling, as well as new products and to continue to emphasize our value messaging. Across the region, we are making meaningful progress in the fast growing discount channel, expanding distribution, and gaining share. Finally, we are gaining share of the U.K. hot sauce category. We continue to drive strong Frank's RedHot performance and are accelerating our Cholula growth. With new distribution and e-commerce multi-packs, contributing significantly to our hot sauce growth. Overall, our investments in brand marketing, merchandising and new products are proven to be effective and are driving growth in EMEA. In the Asia Pacific region, growth for the quarter reflected lapping the COVID related disruptions in China. While our business is recovering and our second quarter growth was robust, it was lower than our expectations as the pace of reopening is proving to be more gradual and consumer spending was pressured by broad-based economic pressures in region. We remain optimistic for a more normal operating environment emerging as the year progresses and we enter into 2024, driving sustainable growth as we executed on our strategies. Outside of China, new products and brand marketing initiatives drove double-digit growth in other markets with strength and branded spices and seasonings and Frank's RedHot. Wrapping up to consumer update, we are fueling our growth with the power of our brands and increased innovation and brand marketing. The supply issues we experienced last year are resolved, and we're using our strength in category management to increase distribution and drive McCormick and category growth. Our year-to-date results bolster our confidence that we will continue to drive sales growth as we have in the past, before, during and after the pandemic. We believe the execution of our growth plans will be a win for consumers, customers, our categories, and McCormick, differentiating us even more and strengthening our leadership in core categories. Now turning to flavor solutions on slide 10. We are continuing our outstanding sales growth momentum in this segment. As Lawrence already mentioned, second quarter was our ninth consecutive quarter with double-digit constant currency sales growth. We have previously shared our commitment to restoring profitability in this segment, and the second quarter is marketing an inflection point toward our objective to continuing to build our margin. Our growth was led by pricing actions in all three regions, we are priced to cover current year inflation and are continuing to recover the cost inflation our pricing lag the last two years. Recovery in the second quarter was even greater than the first. Now for regional highlights. Our Americas second quarter strong sales growth was led by our flavors product category. Within flavors, seasonings growth was strong, including volume growth related to new products, which is outpacing last year's new product contribution, as well as our strength in our customers' iconic products. We are winning in seasonings with our heat platform, flavors for performance nutrition beverages, and health end market applications also contributed to our strong performance as we continue driving double-digit sales growth. We are winning with new products for existing and new customers. In branded food service, we continue to gain share in hot sauce, mustard, spices, and seasonings, with strength this quarter in Grill Mates and Lawry's. Our grilling portfolio is firing up in branded food service just like in our consumer segment. Moving to EMEA, we continue to drive broad-based growth across the portfolio, led by higher sales to our quick service restaurant customers in the second quarter. Overall, our price realization accelerated again from last quarter. Notably, we grew sales constant currency 15% in the quarter despite an impact from pruning low margin business as Lawrence mentioned earlier, and softness in some of our QSR impacted food and beverage customers' volume within their own business. And in APZ, we also experienced recovery in China and are encouraged about the return to normal as growth was also driven by strong performance of our quick service restaurant customers' promotions. Outside of China, we delivered double-digit growth with effective price realization, as well as solid volume growth driven by demand from QSRs. The strength of our flavor solutions portfolio and capabilities, including our differentiated customer engagement and culinary inspired innovation are driving our outstanding flavor solutions momentum. The power of McCormick and FONA together continues to create exciting growth opportunities in the technically insulated and value-added part of our portfolio especially with our recent wins in Healthy Nutrition. And in branded food service, we expect new products, increased menu penetration, and culinary partnerships to drive continued growth. Our robust plans of flavor solutions bolster our confidence and continuing our growth trajectory and driving our flavor solutions leadership. Now, I'd like to turn it over to Mike to provide details on our financial performance.
Mike Smith: Thanks, Brendan, and good morning, everyone. Starting on slide 12, our top line constant currency sales grew 10%, compared to the second quarter of last year, reflecting 11% from pricing, partially offset with a 1% volume and mix decline. As Lawrence already mentioned, there were impacts to volume related to the China recovery, the Kitchen Basics divestiture, the exit of our consumer business in Russia, and strategic decisions we made related to optimizing the profitability of our portfolio. At the total company level, all these impacts netted out. In our Consumer segment, constant currency sales increased 7%, reflecting a 9% increase from pricing actions, partially offset by a 2% volume decline. Including in this volume decline are a net 1% increase from the recovery in China, partially offset by the Kitchen Basics divestiture and our business exit in Russia, a 1% decline from exiting DSD or Direct Store Delivery business for our Hispanic bag products in the Americas. On slide 13, consumer sales in the Americas increased 4% in constant currency, with an 8% increase from pricing actions partially offset by a 1% volume decline from the Kitchen Basics divestiture, a 2% volume decline from the Hispanic product DSD exit and 1% underlying volume and mix decline. Our strong underlying sales growth was driven by the products in our grilling portfolio, Brendan mentioned earlier. In EMEA, constant currency consumer sales increased 9% with a 12% increase from pricing actions, partially offset by a 2% volume decline from exiting Russia and a 1% underlying volume and mix decline. Excluding Russia, sales growth was broad-based across all categories and markets. Constant currency consumer sales in the Asia Pacific region increased 28% driven by a 20% volume increase from China recovery and a 6% increase from pricing actions across the entire region, as well as 2% increase in all other volume and product mix. Turning to our flavor solutions segment on slide 16, we grew second quarter constant currency sales 13%, reflecting a 14% increase from pricing actions partially offset by a 1% volume decline. Included in this volume decline are a net 1% increase from the recovery in China offset by a 1% decline from discontinuing a private label food service product line in EMEA. In the Americas, flavor solutions, constant currency sales rose 11%. Pricing actions contributed to higher sales across the customer base. Volume and product mix declined in the quarter as strong volume growth and seasonings was more than fully offset by the impact of pruning of low margin business. In EMEA, constant currency sales increased 15% with pricing actions partially offset by lower volume and product mix, including a 2% impact from discontinuing the private label product line I mentioned earlier. EMEA's Flavor solutions outstanding growth was driven by pricing and was broad-based across its portfolio, led by higher sales to QSR customers. Volume and mix outside the product discontinuation declined due to softness in some of our customers' volume within their own businesses, mainly packaged food and beverage customers as well as QSRs. In the Asia Pacific region, Flavor solution sales grew 22% in constant currency with a 13% volume benefit in China due to lapping the prior year COVID-related disruption, an 8% increase from pricing actions and a 1% increase in all other volume and mix driven by Australia. As seen on slide 20, gross profit margin expanded 310 basis points in the second quarter versus the year ago period, reflecting our unwavering focus on increasing profit realization. Favorable drivers in the quarter were our CCI and GOE programs. The continued recovery of the cost inflation our pricing lagged over the last two years as we planned, and favorable product mix in both segments. We offset current year inflation in the second quarter with our pricing. Notably, in flavor solutions, while we continue to incur some level of higher cost to meet high demand in certain parts of our business. We continue to make progress on reducing the level of these costs. And as we expected, the second quarter's dual running costs we experienced in the U.K. were comparable to last year. We are very pleased with our gross margin expansion for the quarter and expect to continue to drive margin improvement in the balance of the year. Now moving to slide 21, selling, general and administrative expenses or SG&A increased relative to the second quarter of last year as higher employee incentive compensation expenses and distribution costs were partially offset by CCI lead and GOE savings. Brand marketing increased compared to the second quarter of last year and we are expecting an even more significant year-over-year increase in the third quarter. As a percentage of net sales, SG&A increased 20 basis points. Strong sales growth and gross margin expansion partially offset by higher SG&A costs resulted in a constant currency increase in adjusted operating income of 36%, compared to the second quarter of 2022. In constant currency, the Consumer segment's adjusted operating income increased 24% and the Flavor Solutions segment grew 66%. Turning to interest expense and income taxes on slide 22. Our interest expense increased significantly over the second quarter of 2022, driven by the higher interest rate environment. Our second quarter adjusted effective tax rate was 22.3%, compared to 18.6% in the year ago period. Both periods were favorably impacted by discrete tax items with a more significant impact last year. At the bottom line, as shown on slide 23, second quarter 2023 adjusted earnings per share was $0.60, as compared to $0.48 for the year ago period. The increase was driven by higher adjusted operating income, partially offset by higher interest expense and a higher effective tax rate. On slide 24, we've summarized highlights for cash flow and the quarter end balance sheet. Our cash flow from operations year-to-date was strong. $394 million in 2023, compared to $154 million for the first half of 2022. The increase was primarily driven by higher net income and working capital improvements, including lower inventory, as well as lower incentive compensation payments. We returned $209 million of cash to our shareholders through dividends and used $119 million for capital expenditures through the second quarter. We expect 2023 to be a year of strong cash flow driven by our profit and working capital initiatives. Our priority is to continue to have a balanced use of cash, funding investments to drive growth, returning a significant portion to our shareholders through dividends and paying down debt. We remain committed to a strong investment grade rating and we have a history of strong cash generation and profit realization. Now turning to our updated 2023 financial outlook on slide 25. Our 2023 outlook reflects our continued positive top line growth momentum and with the optimization of our cost structure, increased profit realization. We expect to drive margin expansion with strong sales and adjusted operating income growth that reflects the health of our underlying business performance, as well as the net favorable impact from several discrete drivers. We expect our adjusted operating profit growth will be partially offset below operating profit by higher interest expense and a higher projected effective tax rate. We also expect there will be a minimal impact from currency rates, although there will be a timing aspect as we realize an unfavorable impact in the first-half of the year, and projected favorable impact in the second-half. For fiscal 2023, we are reaffirming our sales outlook and as Lawrence mentioned, we are raising adjusted operating income and adjusted earnings per share, driven by our strong year-to-date performance, combined with the robust demand we continue to expect and our diligent approach to optimizing our cost structure. At the top line, we continue to expect 5% to 7% growth, driven primarily by the wrap of last year's pricing actions combined with new pricing actions we have taken in 2023, we expect several factors to impact our volume and product mix over the course of the year, including price elasticities consistent with 2022 at lower levels than we have historically experienced, but in line with the current environment, a 1% estimated benefit from lapping last year's impact of COVID-related disruptions in China, although we expect the impact will vary from quarter-to-quarter given 2022's level of demand volatility. The divestiture of our Kitchen Basics business in August of last year and the exit of our consumer business in Russia during last year's second quarter. And finally, the continual pruning of lower margin business from our portfolio. We estimate the Americas Consumer segment DSD exit and the EMEA Flavor Solution private label discontinuation to be approximately a 1% impact on the year, which began to impact us in the second quarter. As always, we plan to drive growth through the strength of our brands, as well as our category management, brand marketing, new products, and customer engagement plans. Our 2023 gross margin is projected to range between 50 basis points to 100 basis points higher than 2022, compared to our prior guidance 25 basis points to 75 basis points. This gross margin expansion reflects a favorable impact from pricing, cost savings from our CCI led and GOE programs and portfolio optimization, partially offset by the anticipated impact of a low to mid-teens increase in cost inflation. We expect cost pressures to be more than offset by pricing during the year as we recover the cost inflation our pricing lagged for the last two years. Moving to adjusted operating income. First, let me walk through some discrete items and their expected impact to our 2023 adjusted operating profit growth. First, the cost savings from our GOE program are expected to have an 800 basis point impact. The savings from this program are expected to scale up as the year progresses. Next, the benefit of lapping the impact of COVID-related disruptions in China is expected to have a 300 basis point favorable impact. The Kitchen Basics divestiture is expected to have an unfavorable 100 basis point impact. And finally, an 800 basis point unfavorable impact is expected as we build back incentive compensation. The net impact of these discrete items is a favorable 200 basis points. This favorable impact, combined with expected 8% to 10% underlying business growth, which is driven by our improved operating momentum, results in our adjusted operating income projection of 10% to 12%, compared to our previous guidance of 9% to 11%. In addition to the adjusted gross margin impacts I just mentioned, this projection also includes a low-single-digit increase in brand marketing investments and our CCI leg cost savings target of approximately $85 million. We continue to anticipate a meaningful step up in interest expense driven by the higher interest rate environment, which will impact our floating debt. We estimate that our interest expense will range from $200 million to $210 million in 2023 spread evenly throughout the year. As a reminder, in 2022, we realized an $18 million favorable impact from optimizing our debt portfolio, which we will lap in the third quarter of 2023. The net impact of these interest related items is expected to be approximately 800 basis point headwind to our 2023 adjusted earnings per share growth. Our 2023 adjusted effective income tax rate is projected to be approximately 22% based upon our estimated mix of earnings by geography, as well as factoring in a level of discrete impacts versus our 2022 adjusted effective tax rate, we expect this outlook to be a 100 basis point headwind to our 2023 earnings growth. To summarize, our 2023 adjusted earnings per share expectations reflect strong underlying business growth of 10% to 12% and a 2% net favorable impact from the discrete items, I just mentioned impacting profit. The GOE program, the China recovery, the Kitchen Basics divestiture, and the employee benefit cost rebuild, partially offset by the combined interest, and tax headwind of 9%. This resulted in an expected increase of 3% to 5% or projected guidance range for adjusted earnings per share in 2023 of $2.60 to $2.65. Before turning it back to Brendan, I would like to recap the key takeaways I've seen on slide 27. Our second quarter sales growth reflects sustained demand across our business and the effective execution of our strategies. Our pricing actions are in place and our volume of performance improved. We drove meaningful year-over-year margin expansion in both segments underscoring our focus on profit realization. Our cost savings programs are yielding results in line with our expectations. Our year-to-date results combined with continued robust demand expectations and our actions to optimize our cost structure, bolster our confidence in delivering the strong operating performance projected in our enhanced 2023 outlook.
Brendan Foley: Thank you, Mike. Before we turn it over to Q&A, I would like to provide some additional comments. First, I would like to say, I am truly honored and excited about the opportunity to lead this great company with its rich and very promising future. Global demand for flavor remains the foundation of our sales growth and we have intentionally focused on great, fast growing categories. Our alignment with long-term consumer trends, healthy and flavorful cooking, increased digital engagement, trusted brands and purpose minded practices continues to create a tailwind for growth. McCormick is uniquely positioned to capitalize on this demand for great flavor. With the breadth and reach of our strong global flavor portfolio, we are delivering flavor experiences for every meal occasion. We are the global leader in flavor from end-to-end for our consumers and our customers. As we look ahead to the back half of the year, we will continue to focus on capitalizing on strong demand, optimizing our cost structure and positioning McCormick to deliver sustainable growth and long-term shareholder value. We have compelling growth plans in place, including building momentum with our new products and heat platform and are delivering on our commitment to increasing our profit realization. We are confident with successful execution of our plans and concrete actions, we will realize the profitable growth reflected in our updated 2023 financial outlook. The strength of our business model, the value of our products and capabilities and execution of our proven strategies further bolsters our confidence in our growth trajectory in both segments, particularly as the environment begins to normalize. Remaining relentless with our focus on growth, performance and people combined with the compounding impact of our continued growth investments and alignment with consumer trends underscores McCormick's position to deliver long-term differentiated growth. Our fundamentals remain strong and we expect to continue to not only deliver strong sales growth, but also drive total shareholder return at an industry leading pace. Importantly, I'd like to personally thank Lawrence for his mentorship and continued service to McCormick. On behalf of shareholders and employees, I want to recognize his outstanding leadership as CEO of this great company. Lawrence has been a transformational leader for McCormick, bringing our global flavor platform to life through his entrepreneurial spirit, innovated thinking, and growth oriented vision for company. During his time as CEO, we have grown sales over 50% and market capitalization more than doubled, creating significant shareholder value. We have prioritized investing to drive future growth, increase our profit realization, improved cash flow from operations and have returned more than $2.5 million to shareholders. Lawrence is widely credited with embedding purpose led performance into McCormick's culture by championing the company's industry-leading sustainability efforts, driving a period of tremendous growth, performance, and expansion, including acquisitions of iconic brands like Frank's RedHot, French's, Cholula, as well as FONA, and successfully leading McCormick through the unprecedented global pandemic. This is an enviable track record, congratulations, and we look forward to your continued support as Executive Chairman. Now for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. At this time well conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thanks very much. First, I just wanted to congratulate both of you, Lawrence, and Brendan, on last evening's announcement. I know McCormick puts a tremendous amount of effort into succession planning, and I'm sure this transition will go every bit as smoothly as previous ones.
Brendan Foley: Well, thank you, Andrew. That's very kind of you to say that.
Lawrence Kurzius: And Andrew, thank you very much for that as well. I'm glad you mentioned that McCormick does this very well. McCormick pride ourselves of leadership development and succession planning, and the Board and I have been very thoughtful and deliberate in a multiyear process to get us at this point. Over the last few years, I've had a chance to partner with Brendan of many of our key initiatives, and his disciplined approach to delivering growth are leading the qualities you've come to expect McCormick bank of an ideal CEO for this company going forward. With the appointment to President last year, we were signaling this. And we have given all of you on this call and off this call, an opportunity to get to know Brendan and see his qualities first hand.
Andrew Lazar: Good stuff. Good stuff. I've got just two questions. First one would be McCormick essentially flowed through the second quarter EPS upside to the full-year, but also did not flow through any of the more significant upside in 1Q to the year. So I'm trying to get a sense whether this is simply some conservatism, or is there something in the back half of the year that change that requires either the need from our marketing or it's really just McCormick being sort of opportunistic on the increased marketing in 3Q?
Lawrence Kurzius: Well, I'll say that, first of all, we are confident in our outlook for the back half of the year. There's a lot that's exciting within the business, and we're pleased with our execution so far this year. The biggest part of the year still is in front of us. Third and fourth quarter are two largest quarters of the year. And so while we are optimistic, we also want to be prudent about what is still in front of us. There are some puts and takes in the business overall. Our recovery in China has been a bit slower than we expected, and we have factored that into our guidance. Whereas, for the most part, everything else is moving in the right direction, and we're quite positive. So we're not trying to signal anything. We did want to reflect the fact that we have had strong performance year-to-date and the increase in our guidance and to reflect -- reflecting that strong performance, but we also didn't want to get ahead of our -- get over the tips of our skis.
Andrew Lazar: And then second, as we think about the back half of the year and McCormick starting to lap some of the pricing, would your expectations still be that volume would turn positive? And if so, what would be the key drivers that give you the sort of the visibility to that?
Lawrence Kurzius: I'm going to say a few words about that, and I'm going to let Brendan pick it up. But as we have been saying all along, we expect our volume performance to improve as we go through the year and to be stronger in the second-half versus the first-half. And that outlook has not changed. Given that we have slightly softer volumes in China in our outlook, we have a little bit less contribution from that part of the business. But in the second-half, overall, as a company, we're expecting volumes to be very close to flat. Call it, plus or minus 1% and maybe we're talking about numbers that are really not meaningful and well within the range of forecast there.
Brendan Foley: Just to build on that from a regional perspective, Andrew. In the Americas, yes, we're performing pretty much as planned. I think you have to look at sort of volume and price together when we take a look at the profile. But we're showing sequential improvement across the portfolio, and that's been fairly consistent, sort of, month-to-month and quarter-to-quarter so far. And we also need to recognize that in the second quarter result, it does include, kind of, the exit of this DSD business, which when you take that out, I think it kind of underscores the warrants is kind of broader view of what we think is going to kind of unfold in the back half. But it is broadly an improvement versus the first. China, we think we're going to have a strong recovery. Also, pretty confident in that, although it's a little bit less than just kind of a more gradual recovery than what we initially had planned for. So that's probably a little bit different than what we had been thinking about previously. But nevertheless, it is still a strong recovery. And I would say, in EMEA, we're pretty pleased with the performance on volume. And when you factor out the elements of Russia exit or overall, the underlying volume and mix when you exclude that was really actually pretty nice. So we're pleased to see that we have some volume growth despite those things in the EMEA region. On to the whole idea of this just to provide more color on this DSD exit, I would say that this is a business that we've been trying to kind of improve over time. And what we see from it is that this is -- the DSD portion that we delivered to store, we also have a warehouse and distribution delivery that we would handle. And that was a business that just simply wasn't profitable, and we decided we need to exit, but it was a meaningful chunk, I think, out of the second quarter, about 2 points. So as we transition away from that business, it will probably be an impact for the rest of the year, but something that we have planned for.
Andrew Lazar: Thanks so much and congratulations again.
Lawrence Kurzius: Thanks, Andrew.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Ken Goldman: Hi, thanks and please accept my sincere congratulations as well, Lawrence, Brendan, and Kasey, too. Everyone's moving up in the world, its great to see. I think I'm contractually obligated after yesterday to ask how you're feeling about, I guess, your customers' inventory levels in general? And if you're sensing, you know, maybe any risk of a retail safety stock deload or anything similar as your supply chain continues to normalize and get back to where it was?
Lawrence Kurzius: Brendan, why don't you take that one.
Brendan Foley: Ken, thanks for the question. We're not experiencing anything unusual or significant trade inventory destocking. Honestly, there's really how much drama in the quarter for us on this. The difference between our sales and consumption was more attributable to just the retail sell-through of the discontinued items, and the point I just made regarding DSD is an example of that. But also, we have higher listing fees this quarter just due to the fact that we're launching more new products. And so I think you see that in lot of our dialogue in terms of Cholula or Grill Mates items for grilling or at Tabitha brown line, so we definitely had that. But as we anticipated, our alignment between consumption and shipments is normalizing. There's not really anything unusual going on in this quarter.
Lawrence Kurzius: And I'll underscore that our service levels have been pretty solid for quite a while now. So retailers have had plenty of time to adjust their stock levels and so on. So this actually seems like something over the past 1.5 years has already occurred for us.
Ken Goldman: Got it. Thank you. And then just as a quick follow-up, I wanted to ask a little bit about the commentary about Europe and the Consumer side. Maybe some of the softness you're seeing with your -- or sorry, the Flavor Solutions side. And just how you're seeing that progress as we go into the current quarter, is it still worsening? Just trying to get a sense for how some of your larger customers, whether it be food, beverage or QSR are performing as the year progresses.
Brendan Foley: Hey, Ken, on the Flavor Solutions side of our business in EMEA, definitely, it's been softer than what we would have expected, I think, mostly because we're just seeing a slowing of consumer demand from our customers. And that would be both, sort of, food and beverage and -- but I would say, it's most coming through the quick-serve restaurant customer channel. And that -- we think it's really more of a reflection of what we see happening and what's being reported, I think, in terms of overall inflationary impact in EMEA, specifically Europe. But definitely, as we kind of noted in the remarks leading into the call here, that is something that is probably more affecting our overall volume rate in the EMEA region.
Mike Smith: I think too, just to add a little color on the volume there. About one-third of that decrease in volume is due to the exit of that private label, the two service lines. So again, another portfolio optimization.
Lawrence Kurzius: Yes. And that it was actually contemplated in our plans for the beginning of the year. Maybe for customer relations reasons, we couldn't be specific about that, but that is not a surprise to us.
Ken Goldman: Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Peter Galbo with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Peter Galbo: Hey, guys. Good morning and congratulations again to Brendan and to Lawrence.
Lawrence Kurzius: Thank you.
Brendan Foley: Thanks, Peter.
Peter Galbo: Guys, thank you for the commentary, I guess, on the exit of DSD. I think it's helpful, particularly in the context of some questions we've been getting this morning around the Consumer business. So appreciate that, I guess, maybe what I wanted to pick up on in Americas Consumer, specifically some of your comments around grilling. You do obviously have pretty easy compares from last year just given where kind of protein prices were. So curious just kind of what you saw coming out of Memorial Day, what you're expecting over the course of the summer. Obviously, you have some specific things that you're working on, but anything you can help with us there?
Brendan Foley: Thanks for the question, Peter. We're off to a really good start on grilling for this summer season, and we definitely saw that as a good start in Q2. A lot of it's really driven by just -- if you think about we have a solid innovation plan, I think, for the grilling season, we're launching some new grilling items. Plus we're also in just really much healthier supply on mustard and Frank's RedHot. And these are areas in Lawrys marinades, where if we look at last year and before that, certainly we're coming on top of now a period of where we just have really full supply, assured supply for our customers, and we're turning back on normal promotional activity on the business. So we feel like all of those things put together, innovation, supply, getting back to the way you want to run a season on grilling, we have a really good start to the year. And as we look at it kind of from a share standpoint, we really probably performed quite well kicking off in the second quarter. So all those things come together, I think, for a great start to the summer season.
Peter Galbo: Great. No, that's helpful. And maybe just a question for Mike around kind of the gross margin guidance. Just where youve covered in the first-half of the year, kind of what it implies about the back half, maybe there's some conservatism in there. But I did notice you kind of didn't change the inflation guide, maybe just help us kind of think about that over the balance of the year?
Mike Smith: Yes. I mean, for the year, Peter, as you know, we did raise our guidance on gross margin, 25 basis points to 75 basis points to 50 basis points to 100 basis points. So we reflected some of the increased pricing realization we talked about in the call. We're really, really doing well in our GOE program and realizing those savings and those ramp up in the second-half. The thing about the second quarter, that 300 basis point improvement, second quarter last year was our worst performance of the year. You'll see improvements in the back half and basis points versus last year, but they won't be as big as the 300 we had in the second quarter.
Peter Galbo: Got it. Mike, maybe, sorry go ahead.
Lawrence Kurzius: Go ahead. Finish this line of
Peter Galbo: Sure. Yes, Mike, maybe though -- understanding maybe not the same magnitude of year-over-year change, but sequentially, margins tend still improve in the back half of the year. So just curious kind of how you're thinking about that?
Mike Smith: I mean, based on the mix of our business, generally, the back half does have higher margins, especially in the fourth quarter. Our implied guidance has high of almost 90 basis points improvement, lows 0s, so you get a little bit of a squeeze factor there. But if we continue to have success, and again, we see that ramp up in the second-half. China is going to have a really strong recovery in Q4, that's a positive for us. We have scale over there and have good margins.
Lawrence Kurzius: I mean, we're quite optimistic with continued gross margin improvement and operating profit margin improvement as we go through the year and going forward.
Mike Smith: I guess, Lawrence said, everything is moving in the right direction.
Peter Galbo: Got it. Got it.
Lawrence Kurzius: Peter, you know, I'm not sure that we -- I know that you've got some interest in the DSD exit, so I just want to spend a second with you and elaborate on that. This is a range of very -- there are a lot of units, but they're very low value. We're talking to sell a bag spices and dried peppers in settle bags that largely moved through unscanned channels, and we've had a DSD business in that, that we've banged our head against for a long time and we've chosen as part of optimizing our portfolio, improving the profit performance to exit that part of the business, we still sell those same brands through the warehouse to major customers where -- because of the difference in the distribution channel, the margins are attractive and worth -- and the business is worth staying in. But the DSD portion of it was just not a moneymaker. It's a lot of units, but not a lot of value.
Peter Galbo: Got it, very helpful. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard with Bernstein. Please proceed with your question.
Alexia Howard: Good morning, everyone, and congratulations all around. Thank you so much for everything to all of you. Okay, first question, regaining lost distribution in U.S. retail channels. It seems to me that there were a number of smaller retailers that ended up -- you ended up losing distribution during those supply chain disruptions. As you start to rebuild that distribution, what innings are we in? And are you able to quantify how much of a tailwind that could be over the next year to 18 months?
Brendan Foley: Well, Alexia, thank you for the question on TDPs and overall distribution. First of all, I'd like to say, we continue to make really good progress year-to-date. And as we look at our performance and our trends and all the different metrics we might look at, we're happy to see that come through as a positive, especially in the second quarter. And we do expect to see continued progress as we go into the back half. We have some significant improvements that we know will start to come online just because as customers reset their shelves, and those things start to happen. A lot of the wins that we get through category management and all of that really important effort we put forth in terms of help the retailer guide the category. We know that there's going to be some helpful improvements coming through on that as we go to the back half. I'm reluctant to kind of quantify all that as we think about that into the back half of 23 and all the way into 24. But this is an effort, as we've said before, that we're going to continue to be working on over the course of not only this year, but also next year. And as we look at overall distribution, we know that we're not going to get all of that back in terms of rough points, because almost half of that was discontinuations originally. So we feel really good about our progress right now on an overall distribution points, and it should continue to improve as we go through 23 and also in 24.
Lawrence Kurzius: And Alexia, as I said on our last quarterly call, we have a tremendous amount of innovation. And on top of that, the restoration of our U.S. Everyday spice line starting to hit the market in Q2 and building through the second-half of the year. All of those hands on the shelf give us opportunities to get a more advantageous set and to get a greater amount of distribution on the shelf. We have a number of major customer wins that we talked about in the first quarter that are actually going on shelf in Q3, which should further build on TDP. So we're pretty confident continue to see improvement in those areas we have through the year.
Mike Smith: And then with our brand marketing, we're going to be mid-single-digit increase in the second half. A lot of that's going to go into the third quarter that are willing to support those plans.
Alexia Howard: Great. And as a follow-up, can you just give us an overview of the one-time costs that are going to be eliminated by 2024? I seem to remember you have two plants running in the U.K. as you transition there, there's co-manufacturing costs here in the U.S. Just a sort of idea of how much more there is to come out that's onetime from recent events?
Mike Smith: Okay. Let me think about that. So you're referring to -- we have dual running costs in our EMEA region, due to our new large facility over there. I feel -- I think, I'm pretty sure I said in the last call, we're around $20 million for this year, which is about the same as last year. We're still going to have some cost next year, because it's going to go into the first and second quarter, the transition, because these are large manufacturing facilities. So if I were winging it, I'd say half of that is going to go away, but I'm going to be off, depending on the exact timing.
Alexia Howard: Great.
Lawrence Kurzius: And of course, our GOE program continues next year.
Mike Smith: Yes, yes. We'll see a nice wrap into 2024 from that.
Alexia Howard: Great. Thank you very much. Ill pass it on.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steve Powers with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Steve Powers: Great, good morning. And congratulations to everyone as well from me. Two questions both related to Flavor Solutions. The first one, in part as a follow-up to the topic that Ken Goldman had raised, just around inventory dynamics. We've heard various discussions of potential customer destocking from a Flavor Solutions perspective, as well from different pockets of the industry. I was just curious to see if that's at all impacting you or if you expect it to impact the business over the second half of the year?
Brendan Foley: Steve, thanks for the question. As it relates to our Flavor Solutions business, when we look at overall, our volume mix profile on it, taking into account, sort of, the exit discussions that we've already had and other impacts, we think our volume profile right now reflects, kind of, the categories that we choose to really focus in on like performance nutrition and seasonings and health and nutrition. These are areas that we still see a lot of healthy growth in and those have been intentionally, kind of, area of growth and focus for us. And so I don't know that we're -- and I won't be able to comment specifically on any particular customer activity, but we believe our volume profile, kind of, reflects more of that composition of our business. And I'm not sure that we're seeing any broad restocking discussions that we have with customers at this point in time.
Lawrence Kurzius: I'll also agree that a lot of customer wins and believe we're gaining share in this space, and so that is a positive contributor for us as well.
Mike Smith: A lot of our growth in flavor solutions comes from innovations too. And those are the things that really drive volume and margin in Flavor Solutions.
Steve Powers: Okay. Great. Great. And then my second question, actually, a good segue, is on the margin front. Just because you continue to trend well ahead of at least our expectations year-to-date on Flavor Solution's margin recovery. And I guess if you think about that forward, maybe I was wondering if you could just frame for us how much or whether you expect further progress on that front in the second-half. And then any updates as to how the progress you are making here year-to-date influences how you think about that build back to pre-pandemic levels or higher as you look out over the longer term?
Mike Smith: Yes. I mean I'd say, one, we're very pleased with our margin progress. As we stated on the call, a lot of -- everything is moving in the right direction, the GOE program, portfolio optimization, things like that are helping both the Consumer and Flavor Solutions side. Like I said in the last call, pre-pandemic, we were -- our Flavor Solutions margins were a little over 14%. We don't look at that as a ceiling, however. Longer term, with portfolio migration, we think we will go higher. Short term-wise, we have strong belief we'll get back to 14%. It's not going to be this year, but we're going to see sequential improvement. And quarter-to-quarter, there will be lumpiness based on run cost and good running cost, things like that. So -- but we had a really good second quarter. It was an easy comp, compared to Q2 of last year, but we're pretty bullish on Flavor Solutions' recovery.
Lawrence Kurzius: And I will just add to that, just if I can step it up to the total company level, it's hard not to be excited about the 280 basis point expansion in operating margin that we had this quarter. We're really moving in the right direction in both of our segments in a big way. And weve all seen that we raised OP guidance for the year, it's a long time, on the back of that margin improvement. And we're very pleased and -- we're pleased with our progress in this area.
Steve Powers: Great, thanks for that and congratulations again.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Max Gumport with BNP Paribas. Please proceed with your question.
Max Gumport: Hey, thanks for the question. And congrats, everyone. I want to return to the gross margin question with regard to the second-half. So it was nice to see the better-than-expected gross margin expansion in the quarter. And when I look at the updated guidance range, it would seem to imply that, versus pre-pandemic basis, so whether that means fiscal year 18 or fiscal year 19, that we actually see some reversion in your progress towards gross margin recovery? I'm trying to tie what's implied by that guidance range versus what we're hearing in terms of cost savings ramping up, pricing catching up to inflation, supply chain improving. All of which I would have thought could lead to gross margins continuing to move closer to pre-pandemic levels as we go through the year. And I do recognize that 3Q and 4Q are big quarters for you, and there's probably some prudence embedded in this outlook. But I just wanted to get some clarity on that point? Thank you.
Mike Smith: Yes. I mean what you have to remember, Max, is when you're pricing to cover costs over a multi-year time you're going to have a large dilution impact just due to the math. And we said before, I mean, that has been a large headwind last year, but I think we quantified in the 200 basis point to 300 basis point range as the margin line. We haven't talked about it much this year, but we're still having some of that. We will get that back over time as we said, through our CCI programs, more normal cost inflation in the future. So it's hard to compare the four years ago to gross margin at this point, but a lot of that is dilution, but we see an upward trajectory as we see in the second quarter. That's the important thing. What makes me really excited is even with over -- we're catching up on the pricing we've under recovered the last two years. Even with that, that is a negative dilution impact. Even with that, we're showing gross margin impact, a positive based on the GOE program or the CCI programs. So that really gives us confidence going forward.
Max Gumport: Got it. Understood. And then turning to the recovery in your TDPs and U.S. spices and seasoning, so it's been nice to see that, and the scanner data that we all track and it does seem to be approaching, sort of, flat year-over-year performance. But we're not seeing a pickup in dollar share yet as significantly. And I would think there should be some natural act, because as you get the distribution points, maybe then you can start to advertise and bring back the brand building more fully as you've flagged today. Is that the right way to think about it? Should we start to see a more full improvement in dollar share as we move through the year in terms of the trends?
Brendan Foley: Yes. Just like we've seen in our current trends, Max, the sequential sales unit, and volume improvement across the portfolio and even specifically within spices and extracts in Americas, we do think that reflects, kind of, those long-term tailwinds of our categories, but also our growth plans. So we continue to invest in brand marketing, really focused category management and innovation. And that allows us to kind of focus on those volumes and that sustainable growth, and also get that compounding effect of those investments. So yes, I do expect that profile to improve as we go through the back half. As you called out, reasonably the improvement in TDP, we should also then start to see an improvement overall as we think about dollar share. And so that is a reasonable thing I think to look out for. What is driving our performance right now and we think will, as we continue moving forward, is increased distribution, brand marketing, category management and innovation, and we also see a similar trend on this in Europe. So these are areas that we continue to put a lot of focus up against. And I would say our outlook is -- as everyone has said so far this morning, I guess, I'm going to say it, too. Everything is moving in the right direction. So we feel that same way about our external performance off shelf.
Lawrence Kurzius: And I don't want to miss that there are big -- as noted, I don't want anyone to miss it. And we've got share gains in Europe, we've got share gains in -- I don't know if you guys mentioned it, in Australia and Asia. And we have share gains in our other categories, the spices, and seasonings, certainly in the U.S. is certainly an important area of focus and justifiable. So we're confident that we're going to get there. We're following the same playbook, as we've said at CAGNY, that we did for recipe mixes and believe that we're going to get to the same with that.
Max Gumport: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Adam Samuelson: Yes, thank you. Good morning, everyone. And let me add my congratulations to Lawrence, Brendan, and the whole team. I guess just first, making sure -- there's a lot of ground have been covered today. If you think about some of the cadence of earnings and margins, just the headwinds on a year-on-year basis from, kind of, from incentive comp, how much of that has actually been realized in the first-half as we think about layering that into the back half of the year? And then, again, maybe coming back to this question on gross margins, the sequential cadence. I mean, historically, second-half gross margins would be higher than the first particularly in the fourth quarter, given that's your biggest volume quarter. It doesn't seem to imply -- so the guidance doesn't seem to imply much gross margin improvement in the second-half from where you were in the second quarter? And I'm just trying to make -- is that just mix between the different business units or just conservatism? Is there something on price cost and mix in there that we're missing? I'm just -- usually, there's a bigger step up certainly in the fourth quarter, it doesn't seem to be implied even at the high end of the guidance range?
Mike Smith: Yes. Like we said last call on SG&A, I mean, on incentive bill back, it's mostly in the second-half. But the second quarter, if you remember back to the second quarter of last year, it was really difficult quarter, as I mentioned before. So we were obviously making adjustments to incentive comp there. So some of that did come through in Q2, but the majority of it is second-half back loaded. As far as gross margin, I think -- just at a very high level, I mean, we talked a lot about gross margin on this call. We're optimistic, but prudent. I mean we've got a lot of things that are -- we're putting points on the board in the GOE program. Pricing -- I'd say pricing realization is going to be highest in the first quarter and second quarter it's going to ramp down. So that's a little bit of that. And we're still having low to mid-teen cost inflation that we haven't moved on, so that's coming down. But at the end of the day, from a gross margin perspective, we're going to show improvement. And again, we're being prudent.
Lawrence Kurzius: Yes. And I want to be sure we're differentiating -- because your question, actually, I'm confused a little bit. Our gross margin in our underlying business is always higher in third and fourth quarter. That's a mix of the business, and that's the natural state. I think you're asking -- it sounds like you might be asking about that. We're expecting that relationship still holds, and we are expecting to continue to have improvement versus prior year in both those quarters as well.
Adam Samuelson: Thanks you, Lawrence. And certainly -- versus the 37.1% in the second quarter. And I appreciate that, that gets you higher year-on-year versus where you were last year in the second-half. And I guess, 100 basis points for the consolidated company, kind of, you do the back into the second-half gross margin percentage, it doesn't really get you much above 37% for the second-half of the year in total, and the quarters will mix a little bit. So -- but usually, you would think that the gross margin percent would be higher by 4Q, that's the
Mike Smith: The gross margin change in the first-half, we were favorable, up 113 basis points to last year. The second-half guidance implies 40 basis point to 50 basis point improvement at the midpoint. So we're showing improvement. Remember that second quarter last year, we had a really positive 300-some basis points increase in Q2. So that's a bit of why it's over 100 basis points in the first-half. But 50 basis points improvement, we're happy with that.
Adam Samuelson: Okay. Ill leave it there and pass the line. Thank you.
Mike Smith: Great, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Matt Smith with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Matt Smith: Hi, good morning and congratulations. Wanted to ask a follow-up question on the Consumer business in the Americas or more specifically in the U.S. We've seen elasticities improve in recent periods in measured channel data, and now you're ramping up new product activity and marketing along with what sounds like some positive distribution tailwinds. So how should we think about elasticity in the second-half? With consideration to the commentary on your outlook talking about elasticities overall in line with the prior year, which are a little softer than the trends we're currently seeing in the U.S.?
Brendan Foley: I think, first of all, it's important to call out that our base case has been for the Consumer to be under pressure in 2023, and we expect that to kind of continue. And although broadly speaking, the Consumer has held up better-than-expected. Yet, there is still pressure out there. Having said that, though, as we look at our own price elasticities and performance off shelf, it remains pretty consistent with what we saw in the first quarter and in the fourth quarter, most recently. And so we're not seeing a big deviation from where we've been. And in fact, I would say we had a retail price increase come through in early April, and we still see very consistent trends with regard to price elasticity. We don't see any examples right now of it yet or planning to getting worse. But then also, I'm not sure that we're indicating so far that it's getting measurably better. But these are consistent trends that we're planning on for the rest of the year, because we are still on our base case of a pressured Consumer.
Lawrence Kurzius: I would say though that there's a good, solid sustained demand from the Consumer. And as you take that with the -- I think, really robust and compelling growth plans that we've got in the second-half, we're -- we've a good reason to believe that we're going to continue to see volume improvement in our U.S. business specifically as we go through the year.
Matt Smith: Okay. Thank you for that. And if I could ask one more on a follow-up on the recovery you're seeing in China. It contributed growth in the quarter, but you've talked about how it lagged your expectations and it's progressing more slowly. But could you talk about the momentum in the business exiting the quarter? Did you see sequential improvement through the quarter? And how does the current consumer environment, compared to year-ago levels, which were more normal in the second quarter?
Brendan Foley: Well, I think in terms of -- did we see a sequential improvement or any sequential changes as we went through the quarter? No, I would say that, largely, as we observed, kind of, the performance in the quarter in China, the one thing that was obvious is they're dealing with higher unemployment. And Consumer spending isn't as robust as maybe many and all of us were planning on, yet still being a strong rebound, but we weren't seeing any sort of different performance throughout the quarter, I would say, it was pretty much consistent. And our view, once we saw the quarter open up, it sort of held that way throughout the end of the second quarter. I think your question though -- in the back half of your question, maybe you meant on sort of how we're thinking about the third quarter. And recall last year though, that was a big rebound period in recovery with China in the third quarter. So we don't expect that same level of recovery in the third quarter this year just, because we're comparing up against that. But we expect those same trends to kind of flow through into the third quarter. And then again, when we get to the fourth, it's going to be different yet again. So we're going to be comparing against a very challenging period with respect to COVID lockdowns, et cetera. And so that is likely to feel more like the second quarter.
Mike Smith: Yes. So maybe in summary, Q3 is a tough comparison on China, because it's a strong recovery last year. Q4 is an easier comparison because they were locked down in the fourth quarter last year.
Lawrence Kurzius: And we just actually had our China management team here in the office a couple of days ago, and we spent quite a lot of time with them talking about the roller coaster ride that they have been on as the economy reopened, lockdown, reopened, lockdown, reopen. And that creates a lot of noise in the year-to-year comparison. We all -- the question about how robust the recovery in China was going to be? It's really strong. I don't want anyone on the call to think otherwise. Our question all along has been is the recovery going to -- is the performance going to -- is the growth is going to start with a two or three or four? Right now, it looks like a three, not a four. And -- but -- so we have actually tempered our -- not just captured it in our results today, but we've also tempered our outlook a little bit for China that is considered in our guidance, I would say it.
Matt Smith: Okay, thank you for that. Ill leave it there and pass it on.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, our final question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with TD Cowen. Please proceed with your question.
Robert Moskow: Hi, thank you for getting me in and Lawrence and Brendan, congratulations to both of you. Especially you, Lawrence. It's really been a pleasure working with you all these years.
Lawrence Kurzius: Thank you so much, Rob. And welcome back by the way. Congratulations to you.
Brendan Foley: Congratulations to you.
Robert Moskow: Yes. Well, we're -- I'm a little jealous of you. So -- but -- I got to be honest. But I wanted to follow-up on, Brendan, what you said about what your consumer research says about preferences for brands versus private label. I think you said the consumers prefer brands. The market share data shows that private label is growing and has been growing every year for the last couple of years, I think. And I want to know if your data is showing the same thing in terms of market share and how do you reconcile those two things together in the U.S.?
Brendan Foley: Well, I mean, I think we have to acknowledge that there has been some trade down to private label, especially more recently. And -- but also, it has moderated, especially I think in our own categories, as we see more pricing on shelf coming from private label. Those gaps narrow, and so therefore, sort of, the unit growth and trends, sort of, decelerate and we're seeing our own unit trends show sequential improvement. But going back to sort of the idea of research and what consumers are telling us and what we're -- we keep finding and it keeps you reinforced with consumer feedback is they're looking for value, not necessarily the cheapest path of smaller items. And we do see consistently consumers do prefer brands. And a lot of what we've been trying to do when we think about just the mix between private label and brand recall, we're also in the private label business with our customers. So we see a role for private label in our categories. And so we are obviously supported from a category management standpoint that both provide a range of offerings for the consumer. Right now, we are pushing a lot on value. We're really focused on the growth of our line sizes. We're seeing consumer shift there more and more as they look for that greater value, and it's definitely showing through in our trends. But it's not dilutive to us or to the retailer. We're not seeing as many signs of trade down right now as maybe we saw during sort of the hype of this inflationary period that we've been going through. If I were to go back to over several years, a little bit harder to comment on category by category, but we typically see this happen during inflationary or recessionary times for private label. It certainly seems to -- appears to gain share. But then again, we're not hitting sort of the highs that are different from what we've seen in previous periods. So that's our perspective on it, but we are certainly, kind of, have our foot in both parts of the category.
Robert Moskow: Great. Thank you.
Brendan Foley: Thanks, Rob.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our question-and-answer session. I'll turn the floor back to Mr. Kurzius for any final comments.
Lawrence Kurzius: Thank you. Well, before we end, I'd like to let all of you in the analyst and investor community know, I have appreciated the opportunity to tell you about McCormick, our great company, and for the insights and the perspective you've provided me, which helped shape our strategies and clarify our messaging. You have all really helped me be a better CEO. Whether you have a buy, a hold or sell on us and whether you've even held our shares, our many interactions have been transparent, constructive, and always mutually respectful. I want to thank you all, and I'm confident McCormick is well positioned for continued success with our alignment to consumer trends, the breadth and reach of our portfolio, as well as our strategic growth investments. We have a strong foundation for sustainable growth and remain committed to driving long-term value for our shareholders.
Kasey Jenkins: Thank you, Lawrence, and thank you to everyone for joining today's call. If you have any further questions, please feel free to contact me. And as we enter the summer season and for some of you in the U.S., the 4th of July, and Canada have to make energize, fire up those grills with the McCormick products. This concludes this morning's conference call.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-03-28 13:00:00) =====
Kasey Jenkins: Good morning. This is Kasey Jenkins, Chief Strategy Officer and Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Thank you for joining today's first quarter earnings call. To accompany this call, we've posted a set of slides at ir.mccormick.com. With me this morning are Lawrence Kurzius, Chairman and CEO; Brendan Foley, President and COO; and Mike Smith, Executive Vice President and CFO. During this call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. The nature of these non-GAAP financial measures and the related reconciliations to GAAP results are included in this morning's press release and slides. In our comments, certain percentages are rounded. Please refer to our presentation for complete information. Today's presentation contains projections and other forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from those projected. The Company undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether because of new information, future events or other factors. Please refer to our forward-looking statements on Slide 2 for more information. I will now turn the discussion over to Lawrence.
Lawrence Kurzius: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. We are pleased with the start of the year. We delivered solid first quarter results that reflect strong demand and early results from our actions to increase our profit realization in 2023. Our sales performance reflects the strength of our broad global portfolio and the effective execution of our strategies. Our global operating effectiveness, or GOE program, is yielding results with first quarter cost savings in line with our expectations. The progress we are making on gross margin improvement reflects the level of urgency with which we are addressing the pressure points from last year. These results, combined with the strong demand we continue to expect across our portfolio and our diligent approach to optimizing our cost structure, bolster our confidence in our plan and our 2023 full year outlook. Turning to Slide 5. In the first quarter, we drove 3% sales growth or 5% in constant currency. Our constant currency sales growth reflected strong underlying business performance with an 11% contribution from pricing, partially offset by a 3% decline in underlying volume and product mix, a planned 1% decline from in basics divestiture and the exit of our consumer business in Russia, and an expected 1% year-over-year volume decline from lower consumption due to COVID-related disruption in China, which we expect to see a return towards normal consumption trends in the coming quarters. Our underlying first quarter sales performance positions us well for continued top line growth for the balance of the year. Our growth in the first quarter was led by outstanding performance in our Flavor Solutions segment with positive momentum continuing in all three regions. In our Consumer segment, our underlying sales growth was led by the Americas region. Moving to profit. Our adjusted operating income was comparable to the first quarter of last year and in constant currency increased 2%. Higher interest expense and a higher effective tax rate more than offset our adjusted operating income growth in the quarter, resulting in a 6% decline in adjusted earnings per share. I'd like to say a few words about our gross margin performance, which Mike will cover in more detail in his discussion of our adjusted operating income growth drivers in a few moments. We drove considerable improvement in our gross margin performance in the first quarter. Our gross margin reflects the continued recovery of the cost inflation or pricing lagged over the last two years as well as cost savings from our CCI and GOE programs. As we've said previously, in 2023, we plan to fully recover the inflation our pricing previously lagged as well as offset current year inflation through our pricing actions and other levers. Our gross margin also reflects the result of our diligence in optimizing our cost through our GOE program. This is progressing as planned and remains a key focus. We expect the impact of our GOE program to scale up as the year progresses, and we remain on track to realize $75 million of cost savings in 2023, which we will take to the bottom line because of our actions to normalize our supply chain costs and to streamline our organization. We remain confident that we have the right plans in place and are taking the right actions. It's still early, but our first quarter results speak for themselves, and we expect to continue driving profitable growth at an accelerated rate for the balance of the year. Demand is strong. We're driving improvement in our margin profile and optimizing our cost structure effectively. Now let's move to first quarter business updates for each of our segments as well as discussion of our growth plans. Turning to our Consumer segment on Slide 6. Our underlying performance was strong, reflecting the effective execution of our pricing actions and continuing positive momentum in our consumption trend, even with lapping the elevated at-home consumption in the first quarter of 2022 due to Omicron in the Americas and the EMEA regions. That performance was partially offset by the impacts related to the sale of Kitchen Basics, our exit of Russia and the COVID-related disruption in China. Beginning in the second quarter, the activation of exciting growth initiatives, as well as lapping the impact of last year's COVID-related shutdowns in China and the exit of our consumer business in Russia, which we began to exit in the second quarter of last year, is expected to drive an acceleration of our consumer segment growth. Now for some highlights by region, starting with the Americas. Our total U.S. branded portfolio consumption, as indicated by our IRI consumption data and combined with unmeasured channels, grew 5% in line with our shipments. As we anticipated, the dynamics between consumption and retail inventory levels have begun to normalize as we move beyond the holiday season impact, and we anticipate greater alignment between consumption and shipments going forward. Importantly, our volume performance in the first quarter was better than the fourth quarter on higher price realization. In spices and seasonings, both consumption dollars and units accelerated sequentially from the last several quarters, with strength in our seasoning blends, which provide consumers both convenience and flavor exploration. Early results of our Lawry's everyday spice range, our largest innovation launch sense pre-pandemic, continue to be positive. We are seeing incremental sales and profit to the category. Over half of the purchases are from new virus to McCormick and overall incremental to the category. Hot sauce remains on fire with double-digit growth of both Cholula and Frank's RedHot in the U.S. and Canada. We continue to build excitement with our hot sauce brand marketing initiatives and reached the younger generation, most recently through gaming. And our big game campaign during the quarter, our flavor pack version of Fortnite, the Floor is Flavor, had players navigating an immersive chicken wing shaped island and a volcano that's put Frank's RedHot and included in partnership with TGI Fridays and DoorDash, a free chicken wings offer. This was our best big game campaign, capturing over 1 billion impressions in North America. And with the resolution of the long-running shortage of French's mustard bottles, we drove over 20% consumption growth for the second consecutive quarter. Our creamy muster launch last year continues to perform very well, with another flavor launch coming this year. Finally, in the Americas, we continue to drive double-digit consumption growth in e-commerce, led by spices and seasonings, but we're realizing high returns on our investments, gaining new customers and growing with new products. For instance, McCormick Corn seasonings and Frank's variety packs are both off to a great start following their online introductions earlier this year. In EMEA, we continue to have solid share performance of herbs, spices and seasonings in the U.K., Eastern Europe and Italy, somewhat offset by softer performance in France. We're continuing to gain share on Frank's RedHot in the U.K. are building momentum with Cholula. We're driving the U.K. hot sauce category growth. We're taking meaningful progress across the region and expanding our distribution and gaining share in the fast-growing discount channel. Our investments in brand marketing, merchandising and new products are proving to be effective in driving growth. In the Asia Pacific region, growth for the quarter and the year was impacted by the exit of low-margin business in India, which we will have lapped after this quarter as well as the COVID-related disruptions in China. As we have moved past the Chinese New Year, we are seeing a return to normalization. We continue to expect a benefit beginning in the second quarter from lapping the impact of last year's disruptions. Outside of the China and India impact, growth in the region was driven by new products and brand marketing initiatives. Frank's RedHot and Cholula performance was strong in Australia and extending the power of our brands, we have launched Old Bay into the Australian market and Cholula into Southeast Asia. As always, we continue to fuel our Consumer segment growth with the power of our brands as well as our brand marketing, new products and category management initiatives. We're excited about the growth plans we're executing and expect they will drive an acceleration of growth for the balance of the year. First, as we mentioned at CAGNY, we are completely renovating our U.S. core everyday spice of portfolio with consumer-preferred packaging as well as through leveraging new flavor seal technology. The atmosphere in the bottle is nitrogen flushed to remove oxygen, which means visibly fresher flavor, brighter color and stronger aroma. The modern new Snap-type trademark lid seals in the aroma and freshness. We're also printing the product names and an easy-to-read Best Buy date on the top. The new high-quality bottle and label design highlights the transparency and quality of our spices and herbs, and the bottle is made of 50% post-consumer recycled plastic, approximately a 20% carbon footprint reduction from the current package. We are really excited about these changes and so are consumers. Testing has confirmed 40% higher freshness per session, 2x higher preference and a 25% increase in loyalty among current buyers. The products began rolling out last month. The transition on store shelves will happen over the course of the year, supported with our highest spend brand marketing campaign of the past five years. Importantly, the new packaging fits right into the existing shelf stock. This is a seamless transition for our retail partners that we expect to drive category performance. This initiative, coupled with other new product introductions, I'll mention in a minute, along with our stabilized service levels, will build total distribution points and market share improvement as we go through the year as we outlined last month at CAGNY. We're also expanding into the fast-growing Mexican aisle with authentic Mexican flavor of Cholula in new formats. We are launching Cholula Taco recipe as well as sauces based on authentic Mexican formulas and crafted in Mexico using locally sourced fresh tomatoes and. Retail acceptance has been strong and consumers will find these new products and the authenticity they are looking for on U.S. shelves soon. Product began shipping yesterday ahead of, and the rollout will continue over the course of the second quarter. We're launching new products in the first half of 2023 to inspire consumers flavor exploration as well as the opinions consumers are looking for. In the Americas, we are kicking off the grilling season with new flavors including a Griller's Choice marinate you can use as three different flavors. And we're really excited about our new Stubs Master series made with technology from our FONA acquisition, these dry seasoning rubs capture real authentic hardwood smoke flavor. Leveraging the product successes of 2022, we are extending our Tabitha brown line into new flavors, formats and channels, and we're also launching a French's creamy roasted garlic mustard. In direct-to-consumer, we continue to grow our platform with new innovative flavors as a testing ground and in the club channel, we're launching a world flavors line. In EMEA, we're enabling consumers to discover the authentic taste of America by introducing old Bay to the U.K. market as well as introducing a new line of products leveraging the French's brand, including American favorites recipe. In the U.K., we also just launched Schwartz brand gravy, which are beating the top competitor on taste. In APZ, we've recently launched meal basis, a favorite Keane's recipes and will be launching a Gourmet Garden SD lemon paste, both making consumers flavor exploration easier. In China, we've introduced new packaging for our Chicken Bullion product, a pouch with a resealable port cap that makes it convenient for consumers and extends the open product shelf life by locking up moisture. We're continuing to build our heat platform across all regions with the launch of new products, including in the U.S., Gourmet Nashville hot chicken season, Frank's RedHot Dill Pickle hot sauce and a Cholula reserve crafted with 100% tequila and our flavor forecast of the year, Vietnam's agent sale season. In China, we're introducing iconic Chinese city spicy blend and then the U.K. Frank's RedHot spicy recipe mixes. Across all regions, we're increasing our brand marketing investments in 2023 and expect the most significant year-over-year increase in the second quarter. We will continue to support our brands with messaging on everyday use, value and the superiority of our ingredients and flavors and more specifically, with mustard supply issues resolved, we've launched a flavor on campaign for mustard or elevating our mother of sauce, Cholula campaign to support the launch of the new format and capitalize on. And of course, with grilling season starting during the quarter, we plan to reach grillers with our just flame and flavor campaign. A robust growth plan gives us confidence in continuing to drive positive momentum. We believe they will all be a win for consumers, customers, our categories and McCormick, differentiating us even more and strengthening our flavor leadership in core categories. Turning to Flavor Solutions on Slide 9. Our sales performance in this segment continues to be outstanding. This was our eighth consecutive quarter with double-digit sales growth. Our first quarter growth was led by pricing actions in all three regions, which as we expected, accelerated versus previous quarters. Now for regional highlights. Our Americas first quarter strong sales growth was led by our Flavors product category. Within Flavors, snack seasoning growth was strong including volume growth related to new products and strengthen our customers' iconic products, partially fueled by their marketing as well as our improved ability to service our customers as we began to realize the benefit of the capacity we're bringing online. Flavors for Performance Nutrition and health end market applications also contributed to our strong performance as we continue driving double-digit sales growth. We are winning with new customers and new products. Volume was tempered in the quarter by the pruning of some low-margin business. The impact of a very cold December on the away-from-home part of our portfolio and lower volume of alcoholic beverage flavors due to what must have been a drier January than last year. In EMEA, we continue to drive broad-based growth across the portfolio, which was led by higher sales to our quick service restaurant customers in the first quarter. Overall, our price realization nearly doubled versus last quarter. And in APC, we delivered solid volume growth in the markets outside of China, driven by demand from quick service restaurants, or QSRs, for our products to heat up their hot and spicy offerings. Overall, labor solutions demand has remained strong, particularly in certain parts of our business in our Americas and EMEA regions. As we continue to bring additional capacity online and reduce both supply chain pressure and the extraordinary cost to service our customers, we appreciate their patience and collaboration. We're continuing our positive sales growth momentum in Flavor solutions, and we're committed to restoring profitability in this segment, recovering margin while ensuring we keep our customers in supply and driving growth for both McCormick and our customers. We're confident we will achieve margin recovery. In our January earnings call, we set our price increases had just begun to catch up with the pace of inflation and we were beginning to recover the cost inflation or pricing lag in the last two years. This is continuing at an even greater rates in the first quarter. And earlier, I discussed cost through our two lead program, which will contribute to the Flavor Solutions margin recovery. GOE will have a significant impact in the Flavor Solutions segment. And finally, we continue to focus on driving growth in high-margin parts of our portfolio such as the flavor product category volume growth I mentioned a few minutes ago in the Americas region. Now I'm excited to share the growth plans we're executing on and expect will continue to drive our growth momentum. We continue to fuel our Flavor Solutions segment growth using our differentiation, including our culinary foundation, our unique and powerful consumer insights advantage, our proprietary technologies and our passion for providing our customers with a differentiated collaborative experience. While we cannot get too specific about product development, following a strong year of innovation in 2022, we carried a robust new product pipeline into 2023. As we mentioned at CAGNY, we are specifically targeting opportunities to grow in high-growth end markets. Applications such as savory snacks, alcoholic beverages and Performance Nutrition and have outpaced market growth and as I just shared, our robust growth momentum continued in the first quarter. As we expect it will the balance of the year, the capabilities we built for these categories are creating significant top line opportunities. The power of McCormick and FONA together continues to fuel greater opportunities for growth. This acquisition is exceeding our expectations. We're capitalizing on opportunities to increase our sales to existing customers by cross-selling across our more comprehensive product offering and target new customers. We're leveraging our global footprint and capabilities to drive future growth. We are currently in the process of expanding performance nutrition into Canada as well as localizing confectionery flavors in for our FONA customer. Finally, in branded foodservice, we have a robust 2023 innovation agenda, launching more than double the new items than in 2022, including Frank's RedHot, Nashville Hot, a line of Cholula Street Tacos, McCormick culinary Global blend and a French's portion control package. Our plans include continuing to leverage our culinary partnerships, inspire menu ideas with our customers, win placement on away-from-home menus, including with quick service restaurants and drive growth with promotional activities. Our robust growth plans in Flavor Solutions also give us confidence in continuing our growth trajectory and drive our Flavor Solutions leadership. Now for summary comments before turning it over to Mike. Turning to Slide 11. Global demand for flavor remains the foundation of our sales growth, and we've intentionally focused on great fast-growing categories that will continue to differentiate our performance. We continue to capitalize on the long-term consumer trends, healthy and flavorful cooking, increased digital engagement, trusted brands and purpose-minded practices. McCormick is uniquely positioned to capitalize on its demand for great taste, with the breadth and reach of our strong global flavor portfolio, we are delivering flavor experiences for every meal occasion. Through our products and our customers' products and are driving growth, we are end-to-end flavor. The strength of our business model, the value of our products and capabilities and the execution of our proven strategies give us confidence in our growth momentum and ability to continue navigating the dynamic mobile environment. As we look ahead to the balance of the year, we will continue to focus on capitalizing on strong demand, optimizing our cost structure and positioning McCormick to deliver sustainable growth. We have robust growth plans in place including building momentum with our new products and heat platform and are delivering on our commitment to increasing our profit realization. We are confident with the successful execution of our planned and concrete actions we will drive profitable growth in 2023. I want to recognize McCormick employees around the world as they drive our momentum and success. I want to also thank all of our customers, suppliers and investors for their collaboration and patients as we move beyond the unique environment we've been operating in since the onset of the pandemic. The fundamentals that drove our historical financial performance remain intact, and we are confident we will continue to not only deliver strong sales growth, but also drive total shareholder return at an industry-leading pace. Now, I'll turn it over to Mike.
Mike Smith: Thanks, Lawrence, and good morning, everyone. Starting on Slide 14. Our top line constant currency sales grew 5% compared to the first quarter of last year. This growth was tempered by a 2% unfavorable impact from the Kitchen Basics divestiture, the exit of the consumer business in Russia and lower consumption due to the COVID-related disruption in China. In our Consumer segment, constant currency sales increased to 1%, reflecting a 9% increase from pricing actions, partially offset by a 3% volume decline related to the Kitchen Basics, Russia and China impacts I just mentioned as well as a 5% decline in all other volume and product mix. On Slide 15, consumer sales in the Americas increased 4% in constant currency, including a 2% decline from the Kitchen Basics divestiture. Growth was broad-based across all product categories, driven by pricing actions, partially offset by lower volume. Lapping elevated demand due to Omicron in the first quarter of last year contributed to the volume decline. In EMEA, constant currency consumer sales declined 2%. Pricing actions were more than fully offset by lower volume and product mix, including a 4% unfavorable impact from the lower sales in Russia. Lapping elevated demand due to Omicron in the first quarter of last year contributed to the volume decline. Constant currency consumer sales in the Asia Pacific region declined 8%, driven by a decline in volume, partially offset by pricing actions. The combination of lower volume in China due to COVID-related disruptions and the exit of lower-margin business in India drove an 11% reduction in volume. Turning to our Flavor Solutions segment on Slide 18. We grew first quarter constant currency sales of 12%, reflecting a 13% increase from pricing actions and a 1% decline in volume and mix. In the Americas, Flavor Solutions constant currency sales rose 12%. Pricing actions contributed to higher sales across the customer base, which skews to packaged food and beverage companies as well as branded foodservice customers. Volume and product mix declined in the quarter as strong volume growth in snack seasonings and flavors for Performance Nutrition and health applications was more than fully offset by the impact of pruning of low-margin businesses and lower volume of away-from-home products as our customers' business was impacted by cold weather. In EMEA, constant currency sales increased 17%, with pricing actions partially offset by lower volume and product mix. EMEA's Flavor Solutions outstanding growth was broad-based across its portfolio, led by higher sales to QSR customers. First quarter volume declined, driven primarily by softness in some of our packaged food and beverage customers volume within their own businesses. In the Asia Pacific region, Flavor Solutions sales grew 5% in constant currency with pricing actions partially offset by lower volume and product mix. Volume and product mix declined as the impact of scale back QSR activities in China due to COVID-related disruptions more than offset QSR volume growth outside of China. As seen on Slide 22, gross profit margin declined 80 basis points in the first quarter versus the year ago period. This is an improvement from our performance last year. While more work needs to be done, we are pleased with our progress and are confident in the actions underway to continue driving further improvement over the balance of the year. Gross margin in the quarter was impacted by several drivers. First, we're still incurring elevated costs in Flavor Solutions to meet high demand in certain parts of our business. While painful in the short term, we know making these investments to support our customers is the right approach to driving long-term growth. That said, we continue to progress on reducing the level of these costs in the first quarter. Also in Flavor Solutions, we incurred dual running costs related to the transition to our new U.K. Peterborough manufacturing facility. We expect the balance of the year costs to be comparable to 2022 and a sales shift between our Consumer and Flavor Solutions segments as compared to last year unfavorably impacted gross margin. Partially offsetting the unfavorable drivers I just mentioned were our CCI-led cost savings as well as the cost savings from our GOE program that Lawrence discussed, and which were in line with our expectations. Finally, end of note, we offset current year inflation in the first quarter, which we expect will be the highest of the year through our pricing actions. And as Lawrence said, we continue to recover the cost inflation or pricing lagged over the last two years as we planned. While the net of these impacts drives gross profit dollar growth, there is level of dilution that tempers the actual gross margin percentage. Now moving to Slide 23. Selling, general and administrative expenses, or SG&A, were comparable to the first quarter of last year. Higher distribution costs were offset by CCI-led and GOE cost savings as well as lower planned brand marketing and employee benefits expenses in the quarter. For the year, we continue to expect both brand marketing and employee benefits expenses to be higher than last year. As a percentage of sales, SG&A declined 40 basis points, driven by leverage from sales growth. Higher sales, partially offset by lower gross margin, resulted in a constant currency increase in adjusted operating income of 2% compared to the first quarter of 2022. In constant currency, Consumer segment adjusted operating income increased 6%, and in the Flavor Solutions segment, it declined 11%. Turning to interest expense and income taxes on Slide 24. Our interest expense increased significantly over the first quarter of 2022, driven by the higher rate environment. Our first quarter adjusted effective tax rate of 21.8% compared to 19.7% in the year ago period. Both periods were favorably impacted by discrete tax items with a more significant impact last year. At the bottom line, as shown on Slide 25, first quarter 2023 adjusted earnings per share was $0.59 as compared to $0.63 for the year ago period. The decrease was due to higher interest expense and a higher first quarter adjusted effective tax rate. On Slide 26, we've summarized highlights for cash flow and the quarter end balance sheet. Our cash flow from operations for the first quarter was $103 million compared to $18 million in the first quarter of 2022. The increase was primarily driven by lower incentive compensation payments. We returned $105 million of cash to our shareholders through dividends and used $62 million for capital expenditures this quarter. We expect 2023 to be a year of strong cash flow, driven by our profit and working capital initiatives. Our priority is to continue to have a balanced use of cash, funding investments to drive growth, returning a significant portion to our shareholders through dividends and paying down debt. We remain committed to a strong investment-grade rating, and we have a history of strong cash generation and profit realization. Now turning to our financial outlook on Slide 27. Our 2023 outlook reflects our continued positive top line growth momentum and with the optimization of our cost structure, increased profit realization. We expect to drive margin expansion with strong sales and adjusted operating income growth that reflects the health of our underlying business performance as well as the net favorable impact from several discrete drivers. We expect our adjusted operating profit growth will be partially offset below operating profit by higher interest expense and a higher projected effective tax rate. We also expect there will be a minimal impact from currency rates, although there will be a timing aspect as we project an unfavorable act in the first half of the year and a favorable impact in the second half of the year. At the top line, we expect to grow sales 5% to 7%, driven primarily by the wrap of last year's pricing actions combined with new pricing actions we are taking in 2023. We expect several factors to impact our volume and product mix over the course of the year, including price elasticities, which are consistent with '22 at lower levels than we have historically experienced, but in line with the current environment. A 1% estimated benefit from lapping last year's impact of COVID-related disruptions in China, although we expect the impact will vary from quarter-to-quarter given 2022's level of demand volatility. The divestiture of our Kitchen Basics business in August of last year and the exit of our consumer business in Russia during last year's second quarter, and finally, the continual pruning of lower-margin business from our portfolio. As always, we plan to drive growth through the strength of our brands as well as our category management, brand marketing, new products and customer engagement plans. Our 2023 adjusted gross margin is projected to range between 25 to 75 basis points higher than 2022. Adjusted gross margin expansion reflects a favorable impact from pricing, cost savings from our CCI-led and GOE programs, partially offset by the anticipated impact of a low to mid-teens increase in cost inflation. We expect cost pressures to be more than offset by pricing during the year as we recover the cost inflation or pricing lagged the last two years. Moving to adjusted operating income. First, let me walk through some discrete items and their expected impact to our 2023 adjusted operating profit growth. First, the cost savings from our GOE program are expected to have an 800 basis point impact. The savings from this program are expected to scale up as the year progresses. Next, the benefit of lapping the impact of COVID-related disruptions in China is expected to have a 300 basis point favorable impact. The Kitchen Basics divestiture is expected to have an unfavorable 100 basis point impact. And finally, an even 100 basis point unfavorable impact is expected as we build back incentive compensation. The net impact of these discrete items is a favorable 200 basis points. This favorable impact, combined with expected 7% to 9% underlying business growth, which is driven by our improved operating momentum, results in our adjusted operating income projection of 9% to 11%. In addition to the adjusted gross margin impacts I just mentioned, this projection also includes a further low single-digit increase in brand marketing investments and our CCI cost savings target of approximately $85 million. We are anticipating a meaningful step-up in interest expense, driven by the higher interest rate environment, which will impact our floating debt. We estimate that our interest expense will range from $200 million to $210 million in 2023 and spread evenly throughout the year. As a reminder, in 2022, we realized an $18 million favorable impact from optimizing our debt portfolio, which we will lap in 2023. The net impact of these interest-related items is expected to be approximately an 800 basis point headwind to our 2023 adjusted earnings per share growth. Our 2023 adjusted effective income tax rate is projected to be approximately 22% based upon our estimated mix of earnings by geography as well as factoring in a level of discrete impacts. Versus our 2022 adjusted effective tax rate, we expect this outlook is to be a 100 basis point headwind to our 2023 earnings growth. To summarize, our 2023 adjusted earnings per share expectations reflect strong underlying business growth of 8% to 10% and a 2% net favorable impact from the discrete items I just mentioned impacting profit, the GOE program, the China recovery, the Kitchen Basics divestiture and the employee benefit cost rebuild, partially offset by the combined interest and tax headwind of 9%. This results in an expected increase of 1% to 3% or a projected guidance range for adjusted earnings per share in 2023 of $2.56 to $2.61. We are projecting strong operating performance in 2023 with the continued top line momentum, significant optimization of our cost structure and strong adjusted operating profit growth as well as margin expansion. While this performance is expected to be tempered by interest and tax headwinds, we remain confident in the underlying strength of our business and that with the execution of our proven strategies, we will drive profitable growth in 2023.
Lawrence Kurzius: Thank you, Mike. Now that Mike has shared our financial results and outlook in more detail, I'd like to recap the key takeaways as seen on Slide 29. Our first quarter sales growth reflects the strength of our broad global portfolio and the effective execution of our strategies. Our underlying business performance was driven by our pricing actions and strong ongoing demand. Our first quarter progress on margin improvement reflects the level of urgency with which we are addressing the pressure points from last year. We are committed to increasing our profit realization, and our actions are yielding results on optimizing our cost structure and recovering the cost inflation or pricing lag last year. We expect our progress to scale up as the year progresses. We have robust growth plans in place, including building momentum with product innovation and renovation and are driving improvement in our margin profile. We expect to drive profitable sales growth at an accelerated rate in the balance of the year and have bolstered confidence in delivering our outlook for 2023 in building shareholder value. The compounding benefit of our relentless focus on growth, performance and people continues to position McCormick to drive sales growth. This coupled with our focus on recovering cost inflation and lowering costs to expand margins, will allow us to realize long-term sustainable earnings growth. Now for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. And our first question comes from the line of Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Ken Goldman: I was just curious how 1Q came in versus your internal expectations. I guess, post in a broad sense, and maybe if anything specific stands out in terms of drivers. I won't ask if you considered raising guidance. I assume it's a little early in the year. But if the quarter was above what you would forecast, were there specific reasons that stand out. And I guess, is there any reason to think some of those drivers can't continue into 2Q and beyond maybe?
Lawrence Kurzius: Ken thanks. We are off to a solid start on the year. That is for sure. And we're really pleased with the start of the year. We had good sales growth and we made excellent progress on our plans for improved profit realization. Most of our team that we have planned for the years in place and our GOE program is beginning to show results. And as I said, we are bolstered in our confidence -- in our guidance, in part because the quarter did come in a little bit better than we planned. There's no one specific thing that stands out. But overall, it was a little bit better. We had a sense of that confidence already when we spoke at CAGNY. And -- from where we were at that time, it came in pretty much as we thought.
Mike Smith: And as you said, Ken, the first quarter to your March Madness, I think we put some points on the board, and we're going to continue focusing on growing the business. And as Lawrence said, we've made real good progress on our cost agenda to it, which is great.
Ken Goldman: Got it. And then sort of along the same lines, but maybe more specifically, Flavor Solutions volume, they were down slightly in the first quarter, but was our hardest comp of the year. It was high pricing. It seems that they're doing pretty well in the scheme of things. Just curious how to think about modeling volumes for Flavor Solution into and for the rest of the -- 2Q rather and for the rest of the year, just given that there may be a little more moving pieces than usual. You have that pricing. And then you guys mentioned some headwinds in 1Q, maybe some lower sales to CPGs in EMEA, for example. So I just wanted to get a sense of that kind of cadence as we go through the year as far as you can tell now.
Lawrence Kurzius: Sure. It was strong performance. In our guide for the year, we've said our volumes are going to be flattish overall. And I'd say our expectation by segment is maybe a little bit -- a little bit positive in Flavor Solutions, a little bit negative in the Consumer. But overall, all of it within kind of a plus or minus one range versus flat. And so I think that's a good way to think about it. We do expect to see strong pricing impact the year as we go through the whole year on Flavor Solutions.
Brendan Foley: I would just -- Ken, just to maybe add a few thoughts to that. We did see volume strength in our portfolio, especially -- I think we called it out in the script of it just from snack seasoning on Performance Nutrition and Health, and that's pretty consistent with what we've been seeing, but the offsets really are not related to price elasticity. So I think that's maybe important to call out. And there was a couple of things noted like some cold weather impact on branded foodservice or we're certainly seeing an inflationary impact on our customer base and EMEA. They're going through a fair amount of inflation right now in that market, the consumer is. And just pruning of -- natural pruning of lower margin business. So, those are having an impact, too, on the volume profile. But I think our confidence still for the balance of the year is where Lawrence placed it.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Andrew Lazar: I was hoping we could talk a little bit about what you're seeing evolve in terms of price gaps in core spices and seasonings versus private label, particularly with some of the incremental pricing that came into play sequentially in the first quarter.
Lawrence Kurzius: Brendan, why don't you take that?
Brendan Foley: Andrew, we still see price gaps continuing to narrow compared to private label. That happened in Q4. We saw it again in Q1. It's really a result of seeing more private label taking price on the shelf. So that seems to be coming through and reading through the scanner data. And we would say and what we're seeing is that the impact just continues to moderate. Again, it's pretty consistent with what we saw in Q4. We really do believe a lot of our initiatives and a focus on value is also having a positive impact on our brands. And we continue this effort, whether it's messaging or focused on value sizes, et cetera. So that's also probably having an impact too. So that's really the nature of what we're seeing right now with regard to price gaps in private label.
Andrew Lazar: And then you mentioned -- it's early, I know, but early results of sort of the Lawry's sort of value brand launches or kind of doing what you wanted to do. I think you said that over half of the purchases are from new buyers to McCormick. And then I think overall, incremental to the category. So I'm just trying to get a sense of where -- I guess, where are these new consumers to the category coming from where they just didn't operate in this category before? Or what is it about the Lawry's brand launch that's drawing, I guess, new consumers overall to the category because that's obviously particularly important, I guess, for your retail partners as well?
Brendan Foley: Yes. It is performing better than we expected right now. And so we're pretty pleased with the performance. A lot of the volume that we are sourcing as we called out, it's definitely incremental to from a retailer standpoint, but also a lot of new brand buyers are coming into the McCormick franchise through Lawry's. I think its people seeking the brand. They're looking for value. And so, we see that playing out. And it's been largely positive as we think about building out even more distribution. These are some of the positive results that we're getting from this. It's just simply turning faster itself. But their -- Lawry's brand really is appealing to sort of a number of consumers. It's really strong with Hispanic households. It's strong with many other sort of demographic groups, and we see them coming into those stores being offered. They may not be buying then private label or they may not be buying in other retail outlets. So that's where we see a lot of the growth coming from in the incrementality. You're going to see more distribution growth on this, though, in 2023.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Alexia Howard with Bernstein. Please proceed with your question.
Alexia Howard: First question is on China. You called out the fact that the China lockdowns and disruption over there pressured sales this quarter. Is that getting better? And what should we expect in Q2? And then I have a follow-up.
Lawrence Kurzius: Well, of course, China was really complicated story this quarter because our first quarter begins in December. And in December, the country was still largely in lockdown -- now they got a train going behind the ground. The country is largely locked down in December, then they reopened and they had a very concentrated pandemic period or a huge proportion of the population. I wonder if you've lost -- but a question of the population got COVID. So that was quite a big impact on McCormick. We thought that post-Chinese New Year would probably begin to see a recovery. And I think we were seeing that unfold after Chinese New Year in a positive way. And in second quarter, we're going to lap the lockdowns from last year, and we're expecting a significant recovery in China. As we go through the second quarter, we're certainly going to have double-digit growth compared to a year ago unless there's some other exogenous shock. The question on that double digit is just what the first number is, but it's going to be big.
Alexia Howard: Great. And then...
Lawrence Kurzius: Brendon?
Brendan Foley: No, I just think, Alexia, we're optimistic that this normalization will continue to unfold in the market. We expect to see much of that come through in Q2.
Alexia Howard: Great. And sorry about the noise there. We've got some very impatient taxi drivers out here on the New York City street apparently. A quick follow-up. Inventory, retailer inventories were a big upset last quarter in terms of the year-on-year changes. Is that now behind us? And are you seeing any shifts, particularly in North America relative to the Nielsen data that we're seeing, consumer takeaway versus shipments?
Lawrence Kurzius: Well, I said that we thought that this would be behind us in the first quarter, and that's largely how it's played out.
Operator: The next questions are from the line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Robert Moskow: For modeling purposes, I wanted to know the phasing of the comparisons on your incentive comp. I couldn't quite tell in first quarter whether it was flat year-over-year? Or it was a -- and also for the rest of the year, it's a big number for the full year. Can you tell us how to think about it in the second and third...
Lawrence Kurzius: I'm going to let Mike go for this one.
Mike Smith: Yes. It was a relatively small favorable first quarter, but it will build during the year, as we said on the last conference call. So third and fourth quarter, second half will be significantly higher. That's why you'll see the impact.
Robert Moskow: Okay. When you said favorable, so it was favorable in first...
Mike Smith: Last year. Yes, slightly unfavorable at first. But over the next three quarters, really the third and fourth and second half will be -- that's where you'll see the incrementality versus...
Robert Moskow: Right, right, right. Okay. And I guess a similar question on China. I remember you called out an $0.11 per share impact in 2Q last year. So can I assume you're going to get all that back and more? And then in third, was there also an impact? It was never quantified, but it must be significant, too.
Lawrence Kurzius: We -- and actually because of the second fourth quarter negative impact, we had a big negative impact in the second quarter and then had a reopening, solid third quarter and then a re-lockdown in the fourth quarter. We're just part of our miss in the fourth quarter. You had no idea that was going to happen when we gave guidance. I think our full year guide for the order of magnitude that you're talking about...
Mike Smith: Yes. If you look at that the 2023 outlook chart in our earnings deck, a 3% impact on EPS, that's the full year impact, which is around...
Robert Moskow: Sure. Okay. But it's really 2Q and 4Q that are the real comparisons?
Mike Smith: Yes. Those are the -- exactly. Yes.
Robert Moskow: Okay. Last question. Have -- do you think your sales force will get some more momentum regaining shelf space that they lost in 2022 as a result of the packaging redesign? Is that kind of a good way to get in with retailers to regain some of the SKUs that were cut? Or is it kind of two separate discussions?
Lawrence Kurzius: I think that absolutely, there is a tremendous opportunity for our sales force this year for a couple of reasons. One is that our service is in much better condition so that we don't have as many unproductive conversations with our customers. The second is the sheer amount of innovation and the balance that we're bringing to our customers is going to be really positive. And Brendan, I'm going to ask you to just say a few words about that.
Brendan Foley: Yes. It isn't -- as we would always say, Rob, it's never just one thing, it's a system of things, and that really drive that competitive strength, and that applies, I think, to your question as well. Yes, we have a big renovation plan as you called out, and that's definitely going to be a big lever. And I think it's all about driving and improving the category. And so our sales organization certainly is kind of selling behind the strength of story. We'll continue to reclaim distribution points, not only over this year, but also over next year. That's part of the process of doing this. But as Lawrence called out, I just think our innovation platform is going to continue building also additional distribution points. We really like our innovation platform and the items that we're coming out with this year. So, we expect to see a lot from that too. And all of these things put together with a very, very strong levels of brand marketing, brings together a really strong category conversation with the retailer. I think importantly, though, we keep pointing out the performance of McCormick and our other brands on shelf just continues to sort of outperform competition. And so those are some of the things that we use in category management to really prove the case that it's a more productive shelf, the more McCormick guidance you have on it.
Mike Smith: And I think supporting those new products in our brand marketing, we were slightly favorable in the first quarter versus last year, but you'll see in the second quarter that support will increase year-on-year.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Max Gimport with BNP Paribas. Please proceed with your question.
Max Gumport: For the question. First one is on gross margin. So it came in well above Street expectations in the quarter. And I recognize it's early and you talked about putting points on the board. But I do wonder that as you think about your path to mitigating the pressure points that impacted this line last year, have your used changed at all? It would seem like with inflation accepted to ramp down through the year and your GOE program as to ramp up through the year, you might now have a bit more visibility towards the higher end of your previous 25 to 75 basis point guidance range.
Mike Smith: Again, this is the first quarter. The first quarter results though do really give us -- they bolster our confidence, as Lawrence said, the pricing realization, recovering those costs we've had and, frankly, over recovering in the year, which gives us more confidence, the GEO program, the implementation of those programs, which are very programmatic in nature gives us more confidence. But before we start celebrating, we want to, again, put points on the board in the second quarter. I will note, consumer margins, operating profit margin, up 110 basis points in the first quarter. We're really happy with that. And while Flavor Solutions is still negative, it was about 200 basis points less than that last year. There was a sequential improvement from the fourth quarter, and we're really focused on driving those margins higher this year.
Lawrence Kurzius: And I think you'll see as we go through the year, that we will steadily improve that flavor solution margin performance. But as Mike said, this is our first quarter, it's also the smallest quarter of the year. We certainly bolstered in our confidence, but we don't want to get overconfident.
Max Gumport: Great. Makes sense. And then on the GOE program, is there a number you're giving for the first quarter? I realize it's $75 million for the year, but just curious if you can get in for what occurred?
Mike Smith: Yes. I mean basically, like two months ago, we said it's a small impact on first building into the second then in the second half is where you see the significant impact it scales up.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Steve Powers with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Steve Powers: Yes. Just going back maybe to the question on trade inventory that I think Alexia originally raised. Just to play it back, it seems like from what you had said before that you exited the quarter with trade inventory levels roughly in balance from the consumer business. Just want to make sure that was correct. And then so as we go forward, I guess the base case is that you ship more or less to consumption for the balance of the year with maybe a little bit of opportunity to ship ahead to the sense that the renovation work leads to those incremental distribution points. Is that the right interpretation of what you said so far?
Lawrence Kurzius: Well, I think if I took the question mark of replacement, we have the answer. But Brendan, do you want to comment on that?
Brendan Foley: Yes. I mean maybe, Steve, just to focus on the front end of your question first. What we saw in the first quarter, we did -- shipments were in line with consumption. But I think more importantly, the dynamics that we would typically see in the first quarter following a holiday season played out as it behave much like a normal period of time. So that's what we'd hope to see in Q1. That's what we did see in Q1. And what that, I think, means looking ahead now, which is kind of the back end of your question is we see things normalizing and operating a little bit more like we would typically operate. I have to think a little bit of what that means by the end of the year, but we would just see a shift to consumption model really play out as we normally do. Just remember, though, in that fourth quarter, we have a big -- that's our biggest quarter of the year, in our big holiday season. So we tend to kind of even things out after Q1 and then sort of like begins again as we think about that cycle. So that's the way I would think about it. But the important takeaway for me and I think maybe in this call is that we saw a normalization of that, how that would typically behave in Q1.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Adam Samuelson: So, I guess I wanted to come back to Flavor Solutions. And I think the comments in response to earlier question was kind of expect to see the margins there build through the year. And that's also, I think, where the majority of the global operating effectiveness program would show up. Can you just remind us this year, kind of the excess costs that you're carrying for the U.K. facility as you execute the changeover to the new plant, and we think about that layering out of the system in '24 and beyond? And maybe more broadly, help us think about the road map to building the Flavor Solutions margins back up to the mid-teens level that they were at pre-COVID?
Mike Smith: Yes. I mean we're roughly comparable on the little bar facility the last year, as we said, I mean, in...
Lawrence Kurzius: After this quarter.
Mike Smith: After this quarter, but into next year, there's still going to be some carryover into next year. So I almost hesitate to say a number right now. Overall, we've said before around $20 million of kind of dual running costs on an annual basis. So a good chunk of that should go away next year. But again, that depends on there's a lot of factors relating into that. But if you think about this year with Flavor Solutions, the first quarter is one of the highest commodity and other costs were and that will -- just like on the consumer side of the business, that will go down the rest of the year. Pricing realization will support that. Then the GOE business -- the GOE program, and that really benefits both of our segments too. I wouldn't say all of us going to Flavor Solutions. It's really across the board where we've had inefficiencies that have built up in the system since the pre-pandemic. We've called out some of those very clear examples of Flavor Solutions like Topak and things like
Adam Samuelson: And I guess then as we think about kind of exiting this year on Flavor Solutions and beyond, I mean you're still kind of -- the margin structure of the business seem to be well below where you were a couple of years ago. And just trying to think about kind of some of the building blocks, whether it's, say, concentrated customer base and getting kind of the full price recovery there? Is it mix? Is it capacity? I'm just trying to think about what -- where the margins have gotten to in 2018, 2019. And exiting this year, they're still going to be in kind of high single-digit range, I think.
Mike Smith: We think we have a long runway of improvement Flavor Solutions margins. You refer back '18 and '19. I mean our margins are 14-ish range, and we feel we can get back there over time as we over -- we recover those costs, we've talked about as costs moderate as we get more efficient. So we don't see 2019 as really the ceiling. And our portfolio -- the pruning portfolio driving more towards the higher-margin products as we -- you've seen accelerated growth there we talked about today. So, we do -- but it's not going to happen snap your fingers by the end of this year. This is a program that is going to play out over the next couple of years.
Adam Samuelson: Well, I get that's not going to happen just this year, but if I just push in -- the business mix isn't all that different today versus where it was three or four years ago. So apart from we've had this big run of inflation, what's really changed in terms of the profitability of the portfolio today?
Mike Smith: Well, I mean the three things we said in the last earnings call, where the significant inflation and we're recovering that inflation now through incremental pricing. The significant incremental costs we've incurred since pre-COVID, we're addressing them through the GOE program across both segments and the incremental cost for driving additional capacities as an example, a little of our investment. So, those three things have really driven that operating profit degradation, which we are in the process of now reversing.
Lawrence Kurzius: And I would say that it's not true that the business mix has not changed. The business mix has changed, and we continue our portfolio migration towards more value-added products. You hear us talking about pruning the portfolio. We have not been specific because we don't want to talk about things that are -- that might be identifiable to a specific customer, but there's definitely been a movement within our portfolio, both by category and within product categories to improve that business for the long term. And Mike said that we don't look at the pre-pandemic operating margin as a ceiling. As we said at the time, we look to some of our pure labor house peers who publish public numbers who have significantly higher operating margins. That's more what we aspire to in the very long run.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Peter Galbo with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Peter Galbo: Mike, just to go back to the question around kind of GOE and to square some of the gross margin kind of math on the quarter. It seemed like you were saying GOE was pretty minimal in terms of contribution to gross in 1Q. But maybe you can just help us like the other components, what did CCI contribute in 1Q? And just where did the actual inflation rate -- the COGS inflation rate in the quarter fall relative to that low to mid-teens number for the year?
Mike Smith: Well, we've said, I mean, the first quarter is the highest of our inflation rates turned out to be that way, and it will go down the rest of the year sequentially. GOE was a small impact as you referred to. CCI roughly, is really spread throughout the year. So we don't get really specific around what CCI occurs because it's a continuous program. So you have every quarter. It's approximately the same level as last year or slightly higher, depending on your guidance. We said that this year is $85 million. Last year, it was $85 million, so probably roughly the same. But I think as you think about the margin improvement, the pricing realization that we've seen -- as you've seen in our numbers, is really driving a good chunk of that. So that's what gives us confidence on the rest of the year too. We're recovering these costs. We said that we incurred the last couple of years. We're catching up this year, and you've seen that in the first quarter.
Peter Galbo: Okay. That's helpful. And Lawrence, maybe just -- you talked a little bit about drilling season and some of the new product innovation. We've heard from some others as well. Just curious how you're thinking about promotional maybe cadence over some of the summer holidays, if that's maybe the depths aren't back to a more normal level. But are you seeing a chance to maybe increase promotional frequency as you get into some of your bigger, more important holiday season?
Lawrence Kurzius: Actually, I would say that with our higher -- with our improved service levels, I'd say, our promotional levels have also normalized. Now we were able to support promotional volumes now. The promotions that we run tend to be ROI positive. I think that's an important part of building back market share that we didn't talk about actually in making our points and I'm glad you asked the question. But sometimes promotion is thought of as dealing back price has not what we're talking about. We're talking about quality merchandising events that drive consumer takeaway. We're going to over a little bit over time, but we're going to take everybody's question. So hope they're not too long.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Cody Ross with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Cody Ross: I just wanted to hit back on the last question as it related to your volume expectations for the quarter. How do you think about promotions for the rest of the year, especially in terms of what your competitors are doing? Are you seeing promotions increase? And then as it's related, how did your volume come in, in the quarter relative to your expectations?
Lawrence Kurzius: Well, as I said, I think our -- our ability to full schedule of merchandising activity with our customers. I think that's part of what gives us confidence in our outlook for the year, frankly, is that we're able to have those kinds of positive conversations with our customers as opposed to some of the negative ones that we might have been having over the last few years about supply and their desire to promote. I mean, I think some great examples are like our French mustard where we finally have bottles in supply, and we've been able to drive 20% volume growth for the last two quarters and gained significant share. And I think that we're going to do a similar thing with growing products. I think the renewal of our ability to meet our core product demand is also allowed us to innovate. And so those promotions, in many cases, are showcasing our products in store, which also, I think, will contribute to volume. And again, our outlook for volume on the Consumer side of the business relatively flat for the year, I think we're up against a tough comparison in the first quarter, and that's part of the reason why volume is down lapping Omicron a year ago and so on. But I think we're pretty optimistic actually on volume. And the pricing actions that we needed to take are loaded to the year. And again, so I think that, that's something that will -- it's not in the way of growing our volume.
Cody Ross: And then just one last question, more on capital allocation. Your leverage stands above 4x. You called that out as a reason why interest expense is moving higher this year. Historically, share repurchases have not been a big use of cash. Just given the difficult operating environment in the credit markets right now, can you share with us how you think about prioritizing debt pay down versus M&A? And then in that context, can you also update us on what the M&A pipeline looks like right now?
Lawrence Kurzius: It's always dangerous when the CEO talks about capital allocation, so I'll let Mike give us the talking here. The one thing I'll say about M&A is it's not our priority right now, but we would not miss a good strategic opportunity.
Mike Smith: Yes. And I'd say like we've said, both at CAGNY and probably in the earnings -- last earnings call two months ago, I mean our priorities right now is paying down debt, generating more cash, getting our debt-to-EBITDA back down to 3x by the end of 2024. So really nothing has changed from that. And we continue -- as Lawrence said, we continue to look at great assets along the way, but our priority right now is paying down debt.
Operator: Our final question is from the line of Rob Dickerson with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Rob Dickerson: I guess just the first question on the top line. Simplistically, you said, obviously, there's some expected tailwinds coming from China as we get through Q2 and lap some Omicron pressure, et cetera. Just in terms of that kind of expected acceleration, is that fairly similar in Consumer relative to Flavor Solutions just obviously because you have a little bit of a clearly an easier compare on the volume side in Consumer? And then secondly, just kind of any perspective as to -- it seems like you've been able to take a little bit more incremental pricing in Flavor Solutions versus Consumer? And maybe just why that is? And then I have a quick follow-up.
Lawrence Kurzius: Brendan, why don't you take?
Brendan Foley: Yes, I would take. It's Rob, as we take a look at kind of the profile that you see in the first quarter, I think that's probably a profile largely that you'll see carried out through the rest of the year. As Mike and Lawrence have said a couple of times, we expect volume to be kind of in that plus or minus to 4% range. So, there's effectively more pricing in Flavor Solutions as a result of kind of the inflation profile that we've talked about. So that should provide, I think, a little bit of indication as to how we think about sort of the balance between Flavor Solutions and Consumer on the sales line. Having said that, we expect continued underlying strength as we go throughout the year in our Consumer business too, but the profile that you see in Q1, I think it tends to move forward that way throughout the rest of the quarters.
Lawrence Kurzius: And I'm going to say that on the Consumer side, we have tremendous growth plans, including a lot of innovation and the renovation of our everyday spice line, hitting the market in the second quarter and a number of major customer wins that are going to go on shelf in the third quarter. And we're expecting a strong recovery in China in the second quarter. So while it's a dynamic and that we are actually really encouraged about the sales outlook for the rest of the year.
Rob Dickerson: Okay. Super. And then I guess maybe more for you, Lawrence, kind of some questions asked already just around kind of the mix of the business. How you're thinking about price gaps and private label in the U.S.? We've heard from a number of companies over the past couple of years that we've seen actions taken to potentially divest certain pieces of the business to kind of reduce overall private label exposure. Clearly, you would not be divesting your U.S. spices and herbs business, right?
Lawrence Kurzius: That's not our...
Rob Dickerson: Yes. Well, probability. But I am curious, just kind of given your commentary on product pruning and lower-margin businesses and then this innovation slate you have, I mean there still is some innovation kind of coming in the core space easing business. But when I look at like Cholula and look at Red Frank's, it would seem like there's a little bit higher share in those brands, better market penetration potential, maybe less private label exposure. So as you think of those innovation plans on a go forward as it also relates back to the overall mix of the business, would you say it's kind of part of the internal plan to be pushing on that part of the business, maybe more on the innovation side relative to, let's say, like special organic pepper?
Lawrence Kurzius: Well, I will say that, that is a wide-ranging question, and I can go absolutely while answering it. However, we have gotten rid of some -- when I say when we said we're pruning the business, I mean, some of it is not visible, as we talked about on a previous question. But some of it is Kitchen Basics, for example, is a brand that -- well, it's a great brand. We like it a lot. It was the only thing we had in that aisle. It was hard for us to bring our category management tools to bear on it and it was a little bit of an orphan. There was pressure both from leading brands and from private label on that. And we didn't see a good path to grow it with a good return for us, the wrong owner of that brand. And so we've thought about other parts of our portfolio that way. The things that we've gotten out of have tended to be pretty small, though. And that's a good example of one of the bigger things that we've done. Most of what we -- the other things we've gotten out of have been small or would be less familiar to you because they're in a different region of the world. But the innovation that we will do is differentiated. It brings more differentiation to our brand, flavors, blends that are hard to duplicate. We brought on a technology into some of our innovation as we have with the true taste technology that we are using in our new stubs rugs. And I think we just had a tough act to follow. And the renovation that we're doing on our core herbs and spice brands is going to be very differentiating, not just versus private label, but versus other brands. I mean to be able to have that oxygen-free atmosphere that is going to bring freshness to the market and a better appearance and aroma for consumers, that is going to be very differentiating and difficult to follow quickly. That's for sure. And a lot of the things that we're doing around that renovation are either trademarked or patented. And I think -- I mean, I think that everything you look at, whether it's the pruning of our portfolio or the migration of our portfolio to higher value or technically insulated products on the Flavor side, to the innovation that we're bringing in our brands, serves to differentiate us, extend our leadership and push the gap between us and private label to be more of a discussion around total value and cost and benefits than just about the cheapest price.
Brendan Foley: And we really love the categories we're in, whether it's or Frank's RedHot, things like that. So, it's -- we've intentionally picked these categories.
Lawrence Kurzius: Thanks for your question. And that is our final question. So, I was waiting for the moderator to possibly say something, but that's okay. It's not necessary. But core alignment with consumer trends and the rising demand for Flavor in combination with the breadth and reach of our global portfolio and our strategic investments provide a strong foundation for sustainable growth. We are disciplined and our focus on the right opportunities and investing in our business. We're continuing to drive further growth as we successfully execute on our long-term strategy, actively respond to changing consumer behavior and capitalize on opportunities from our relative strength. We continue to be well positioned for continued success and remain committed to driving long-term value for our shareholders.
Kasey Jenkins: Thank you, Lawrence, and thank you to everybody for joining today's call. If you have any other questions, please follow-up. Please feel free to contact me. This concludes this earnings call. Thank you all, and have a great day.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-01-26 08:00:00) =====
Kasey Jenkins: Good morning. This is Kasey Jenkins, Chief Strategy Officer and Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Thank you for joining todays fourth quarter earnings call. To accompany this call, we have posted a set of slides at ir.mccormick.com. With me this morning are Lawrence Kurzius, Chairman and CEO; Brendan Foley, President and COO; and Mike Smith, Executive Vice President and CFO. During this call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. The nature of those non-GAAP financial measures and the related reconciliations to the GAAP results are included in this mornings press release and slides. In our comments, certain percentages are rounded. Please refer to our presentation for complete information. Todays presentation contains projections and other forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from those projected. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether because of new information, future events or other factors. Please refer to our forward-looking statements on Slide 2 for more information. I will now turn the discussion over to Lawrence.
Lawrence Kurzius: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. Our fourth quarter concluded a challenging and volatile year that impacted our ability to deliver on our expectations and our financial performance. At the same time, we ended the year with positive momentum with consumer consumption trends and flavor solutions demand, stabilized service levels and supply and meaningful progress in starting to reshape our cost structure. While more work remains to be done, our confidence in our outlook for 2023 and beyond is strong. Our organization is focused squarely on executing on the priorities I just mentioned. All of which are important drivers in the successful execution of our strategies and the delivery of stronger results. Turning to Slide 5, at our fourth quarter results, our sales declined 2% from the year ago period, including a 4% unfavorable impact from currency. In constant currency, sales grew 2% within our implied fourth quarter guidance range, but below our expectations. Greater-than-expected COVID-related disruptions in China unfavorably impacted our expected sales growth for both total McCormick and the Consumer segment by approximately 2%. Fourth quarter sales would have grown in the range of 4% in constant currency, excluding the impact of China on our results. We had anticipated even higher growth with fourth quarter restocking comparisons in the Americas Consumer segment further tempered our growth. As compared to last year, our fourth quarter constant currency sales growth of 2% reflected a 9% contribution from pricing actions partially offset by a 4% decline in underlying volume and product mix, an expected 2% volume decline from the Kitchen Basics divestiture and the exit of low-margin business in India and the consumer business in Russia and a 1% year-over-year volume decline from the China COVID-related disruption. Despite tempered fourth quarter sales performance, our underlying sales strength positions us well to accelerate sales growth in 2023. In our Consumer segment, excluding China, consumption trends strengthened, particularly in the U.S., where our fourth quarter total branded consumption grew 6%. In our Flavor Solutions segment, our sales growth was outstanding, continued momentum across all regions. Consumers increasing demand for flavor, whether through our products or our customers product is those reflected in this performance and in our most recent proprietary consumer insights research. Our alignment with the long-term consumer trends of cooking at home, clean and flavorful eating and valuing trusted brands continues to deliver results. This alignment, combined with our broad and advantaged portfolio, plus the fundamental strength of our category continues to underscore McCormicks positioning for long-term differentiated growth in flavor. Moving to profit, our adjusted operating income decline of 10% or 9% in constant currency and adjusted earnings per share decline of 13% fell short of our expectations. Let me spend a moment on the differences to our expectation. Unfavorable product mix was a driving factor, particularly in our Consumer segment. This was primarily due to lower U.S. bites and seasoning sales stemming from fourth quarter inventory restocking comparison in both 2021 and 2022, which I will discuss in a moment. Our results also reflected lower-than-anticipated sales in China and an unfavorable product mix related to the sales mix between segments. In addition, with two COVID-related plant shutdowns in China, we realized lower operating leverage. During the quarter, we made meaningful progress to lower our run-rate cost in flavor solutions with the reduction of elevated costs that we have been incurring to meet high demand in parts of our business. The impact of that progress was offset in the fourth quarter by unexpected discrete one-time issues. However, we expect to see positive benefits in our results going forward. Turning to Slide 7, we are committed to increasing our profit realization in 2023. In our last earnings call, we discussed normalizing our supply chain costs and increasing efficiencies while also strengthening our ability to service customers. To that end, we have targeted the elimination of $100 million of supply chain costs over the next 2 years. We are also now taking streamlining actions across our entire organization targeting an incremental $25 million of cost savings. The combination of these actions, which is our global operating effectiveness program, is incremental to our comprehensive continuous improvement or CCI savings. Our CCI program has a well-established track record of success and we are leveraging its proven program discipline to drive results. We expect our global operating effectiveness program to drive annual cost savings of approximately $125 million, of which we expect to realize $75 million through the P&L in 2023, enabling increased profit realization. We can see the results coming through and we expect the impact to scale up as the year progresses. Now, let me share more details on our actions. During last year, we transitioned to our global operating model allowing us to more effectively leverage our scale and drive cost reductions. As we further advance that model and streamline our processes, strengthen our collaboration and align our structure to work more efficiently, we are taking corresponding actions to streamline our workforce across the entire organization. We are making considerable progress on the streamlining actions we have underway. A large component of our streamlining actions is a U.S. voluntary retirement program, which is very far along with a targeted separation date of February 1. This will be followed by other actions, some of which will be involuntary. As always, we will care for employees in keeping with our shared value. Moving to the supply chain. Our top supply chain priority remains keeping our customers in supply and supporting their growth. And while we expect continued volatility in global supply chain, we have strengthened our resiliency over the past few years to achieve this priority. As we responded to demand volatility over the past several years, we incurred additional costs above inflation, service our customers and have seen inefficiencies to develop in our supply chain. Some of these costs for investments and decisions made to support continued growth for both our customers and McCormick and some are the result of a buildup that can occur in periods of disruption. In 2022, with the service levels of focus the normalization of our supply chain costs and inventory levels has taken longer than expected. As we stated on our third quarter call, during the fourth quarter, we began to implement initiatives to optimize our cost structure, increase our capacity and reduce inventory levels while strengthening our supply chain resiliency and ability to service our customers. Now for some details on these initiatives. First and foremost, while we continue to resolve some outliers, we have rebuilt and stabilized our service back to strong levels and at a high level of finished goods inventory on hand. Operating from this position enables us to maximize our performance, reduce our labor costs and pare back excessive use of co-packers within our operations. Starting with labor as we expect it to be the most significant driver of our cost reductions, during the fourth quarter, we reinstated more normal shift schedule with most locations now operating on a 24/5 pattern. This allows us to eliminate inefficient and unpopular difficult to staff shifts. Additionally, as we move away from the industry-wide labor issues seen during the pandemic, we have stabilized absenteeism and turnover rates in our workforce and returned to more standard staffing by line. During the quarter, we optimized our leadership structure throughout our facilities and upgraded the talented key roles. Simultaneously, we are increasing the capability levels of our team. We are also accelerating automation, bringing for individual pieces of equipment to a completely automated line for a high-volume packaging format. We expect through these initiatives to reduce 10% of our Americas supply chain workforce. And over the past 3 months, we have already achieved half of the planned reduction. Next, turning to our capacity. We are supporting future growth and enabling better customer service by investing to increase both manufacturing capacity and reliability in constrained areas. These investments also enable the repatriation of the production we scaled up at co-packers while continuing to meet the elevated demand. In our Flavor Solutions segment, our flavors volume, including seasonings and flavor encapsulation, has been growing at a mid single-digit rate for each of the past 3 years and demand remains strong. Our investments in additional seasoning capacity as well as spring dry capacity with the expansion of bonus footprint are on track to be online during the second quarter. Meanwhile, in our Consumer segment, we have been using co-packers for targeted high-demand packaging format such as some of our large value sized items. Now given the efficiencies gained and the investments already in flight, we have started to repatriate some of these formats. Overall, we are on track for co-pack spending in 2023 to be the lowest in the past 5 years. From an inventory perspective, we are executing on initiatives to return to historical safety stock levels which has been disrupted and raised by the supply chain issues of the last few years. We reduced both raw material and finished good inventory during the fourth quarter. While we are aware we have further progress to make, we are confident and encouraged by the results our initiatives are delivering so far. As we progress to a more normalized environment, we will realize additional benefits from these changes. For example, we expect to see reductions in expedited freight and less than truckload shipping costs and will streamline other transportation inefficiencies. With the recent opening of our new Maryland logistics center, we are able to eliminate expensive external warehouse costs before even fully realizing the inventory reduction, accelerating the expense savings. With more efficient manufacturing and lower inventory levels, we expect low material losses. We have managed through various supply chain challenges over the last several years. I am confident in our disciplined approach to resolving the increased cost within our supply chain while prioritizing meeting our customers needs. The impact of our actions is expected to normalize our supply chain cost, enhance our efficiency and ability to meet demand, reduce inventory levels and ultimately increase our profit realization as reflected in our 2023 outlook. Our global operating effectiveness program has considerable momentum and we look forward to sharing more on our progress with you after our first quarter of 2023. Now moving to fourth quarter business updates for each of our segments. Turning to our Consumer segment on Slide 8, sales performance in the quarter was impacted by factors mentioned previously, the Kitchen Basics divestiture, exits of businesses and COVID-related disruptions in China as well as trade inventory dynamics between years. These factors as well as lapping high COVID-related demand early in the year also impacted the full year performance. Importantly, on a 3-year basis, we have grown annual sales at a 5% CAGR, driven by the Americas region, but we are ending the year with positive momentum in our consumption trend. Now for some regional highlights on sales and consumption. Starting with the Americas, during the fourth quarter of 2021 because we were restocking, shipments were higher than consumption and we are lapping that this quarter, which impacts our sales growth. As we entered the holiday season this year and having shifted fairly in line with consumption for the first three quarters of the year, customers did not need to replenish their inventory as much despite strong consumer consumption during the holiday season. We estimate our fourth quarter sales growth rate was unfavorably impacted 6% related to these restocking comparisons. We did not fully appreciate the level of fourth quarter restocking in 2021, especially of high-margin holiday herbs and spices and the resulting impact on our year-over-year growth and as such, had expected stronger sales growth this year. That said excluding this impact, our underlying volume performance in the fourth quarter was better than in the second and third quarters. We have confidence that as we move out of the first quarter, the holiday season fluctuations this year between consumption and inventory levels as well as retailer restocking resulting from pandemic-driven dynamics will have normalized and we have an increased level of confidence in our visibility. Our total U.S. branded portfolio consumption growth was 6% this quarter, as indicated by our IRI consumption data combined with unmeasured channel was the strongest of the year. Our investments in brand marketing and stronger holiday merchandising proved to be effective. And with the stabilization of supply disruptions, restoration of our service levels continued and our fourth quarter service level was the best of the year, just shy of our pre-pandemic standards. Our consumption dollar sales, unit and volume all accelerated sequentially and our total distribution points or TDPs have stabilized. In spices and seasoning, our fourth quarter performance was the strongest of the year. Consumers are responding to our value messaging, trading up to larger sizes and according to our consumer insights are learning to navigate the current environment. We are continuing to build distribution on the Lawrys everyday spice range we launched last quarter and early results are positive. We are seeing incremental sales and profit to the category as consumers are trading up to this line for private label. In recipe mixes, we gained share for the fifth consecutive quarter and with improved packaging supply, we also gained share in hot sauce and mustard during the quarter. Across the portfolio, our trends are continuing to strengthen in the first quarter of 2023. In EMEA, we ended the year with our strongest sales growth in the fourth quarter. Our effective pricing and new product growth accelerated versus the first three quarters with our fourth quarter price realization, the highest of the year and our volume decline, the lowest. Our strong consumption momentum continued and accelerated sequentially. In the fourth quarter and for the full year, we gained share versus last year and 2019 in the UK and Eastern Europe herbs, spices and seasoning. Those gains were somewhat offset by softer performance in France. In the UK, we are driving the hot sauce category with Franks RedHot continuing to gain share again in the quarter and for the full year versus last year as well as compared to 2019. Additionally, in the UK, we advanced our recipe mix leadership during 2022 to the number one share position. As we entered 2023, we are confident in our continued momentum in the EMEA region. In the Asia-Pacific region, growth for the quarter and the year was impacted by the exit of low margin business in India, which we will lap after the first quarter of 2023 as well as the COVID-related disruption in China. Reflected in our outlook, we are expecting continued disruption into the first quarter of 2023 with an expected recovery after the Chinese New Year. While we are currently experiencing the short-term pressure, we continue to believe in the long-term growth trajectory of our business in China. Our brand marketing, new products and category management initiatives are driving positive momentum with more to come from 2023 and we look forward to sharing this and our growth plans at CAGNY in a few weeks. Turning to Flavor Solutions on Slide 9, sales growth reflected pricing actions as well as higher base volume growth in new products. Our sales performance has been outstanding all year, led by double-digit growth every quarter in the Americas and EMEA regions, resulting in 12% growth for the full year. On a 3-year basis, we have grown annual sales at an 8% CAGR with strong growth in all three regions. Now for some regional highlights. Our Americas fourth quarter sales growth was the strongest of the year. Growth in flavors, including snack seasonings and flavors for performance nutrition and health end market applications, as well as branded foodservice products drove our fourth quarter performance as well as our strong broad-based growth for the year. We continue to realize the benefits from the combined capabilities of FONA and McCormick with new products contributing approximately 30% more growth in Flavors in 2022 than last year. Demand continues to strengthen with branded foodservice restaurant and institutional foodservice customers and we are also expanding distribution and gaining share in both spices and seasonings and hot sauce. In EMEA, our strong fourth quarter performance in all product categories capped an outstanding year of 17% growth, including significant volume growth of 9% as well as pricing. We are winning in all markets and channels. Growth remains strong across our customer base led by the momentum with our quick-service restaurant or QSR customers, partially driven by expanded distribution and their promotional activities. In APV, we are driving further menu penetration with our QSR customers, realizing growth from strong performance of core menu item sweet flavor. We delivered solid growth in the APC region for the year despite the COVID-related disruptions in China. Across markets outside of China, we drove double-digit growth with contributions from both volume and pricing. Overall, Flavor Solutions demand has remained strong. And for certain parts of our business in the Americas and EMEA regions, our supply chain continues to be pressured to meet this high demand, driving extraordinary costs to service our customers. We appreciate our customers working with us and are encouraged by the results our collaboration is already beginning to yield. While our Flavor Solutions sales growth has been outstanding, we are not delivering profit growth in this segment. We are committed to restoring Flavor Solutions profitability, recovering margin while ensuring we keep our customers in supply and driving growth for both McCormick and our customers. We are confident we will achieve margin recovery through three actions, effective price realization. Our price increases are only now catching up to the pace of inflation and we are beginning to recover the cost inflation or pricing live last year. The successful execution of the global operating effectiveness program I just mentioned, in particular, we expect the elimination of supply chain inefficiencies and the investments in capacity to have a significant impact in the Flavor Solutions segment. And finally, continued focus on driving growth in high-margin parts of our portfolio. The strength of our Flavor Solutions portfolio and capabilities, including our customer engagement approach and culinary inspired innovation are driving our outstanding flavor solution momentum. We look to sharing more about our growth plan and margin recovery at CAGNY in a few weeks. Now some summary comments before turning it over to Mike. Turning to Slide 10, global demand for Flavor remains the foundation of our sales growth and we have intentionally focused on great fast-growing categories that will continue to differentiate our performance. We continue to capitalize on the long-term consumer trends that accelerated during the pandemic, healthy and flavorful cooking, increased digital engagement, trusted brands and purpose-minded practices. These long-term trends and the rise in global demand for great taste are more relevant today than ever, but the younger generation stealing them at a greater rate. McCormick is uniquely positioned to capitalize on this demand for great taste with the breadth and reach of our strong global flavor portfolio we are delivering flavor experiences for every meal occasion through our products and our customers products and are driving growth. We are end-to-end flavor. We remain focused on the long-term goals, strategies and values that have made us so successful. We have grown and compounded that growth over the years, including through the pandemic and other periods of volatility. The strength of our business model, the value of our products and capabilities and the execution of our proven strategies by our experienced leaders while adapting to changes accordingly, give us confidence in our growth momentum and in our ability to navigate the dynamic global environment. As we look ahead to 2023, we will focus on capitalizing on strong demand optimizing our cost structure and positioning McCormick to deliver sustainable growth and long-term shareholder value. The fundamentals that drove our industry leading historical financial performance remains strong and we are confident we are well positioned to drive profitable growth in 2023. I want to recognize McCormick employees around the world for their contributions in 2022 and the momentum they are driving in 2023. Now, I will turn it over to Mike.
Mike Smith: Thanks, Lawrence and good morning everyone. Starting on Slide 13, our top line constant currency sales grew 2% compared to the fourth quarter of last year. This growth was tempered by a 1% unfavorable impact from the Kitchen Basics divestiture, a 1% impact from the exits of low-margin business in India and the customer business in Russia and a 1% impact from China consumption disruption related to COVID restrictions. In our Consumer segment, constant currency sales declined 4% with the divestiture of Kitchen Basics contributing 1% to the decline and the combined impact of exiting the businesses in India and Russia as well as the China consumption disruption, contributing 3% to the decline. On Slide 14, consumer sales in the Americas declined 4% in constant currency. Pricing actions in the region were more than offset by a volume decline, including a 2% impact from the Kitchen Basics divestiture as well as a 6% impact from lapping the restocking and retail inventory in the fourth quarter of last year and a higher level of retail inventories entering this years holiday season. Additionally, returning to pre-pandemic promotional levels also tempered our sales comparison to the fourth quarter of last year. In EMEA, constant currency consumer sales grew 2%. Pricing actions across all markets were partially offset by lower volume and product mix, including a 4% unfavorable impact from lower sales in Russia. Constant currency consumer sales in the Asia-Pacific region declined 22%, including a 23% unfavorable impact from the consumption disruption in China as well as the exit of low margin business in India. Pricing actions in all markets across the region partially offset this unfavorable impact. Turning to our Flavor Solutions segment on Slide 17, we grew fourth quarter constant currency sales 14% primarily due to pricing actions with higher volume and product mix also contributing to growth in all regions. In the Americas, Flavor Solutions constant currency sales grew 13%, with pricing actions and higher volume contributing to the increase. Higher sales of packaged food and beverage companies with strength in snack seasonings, led the growth. Higher demand for branded foodservice customers also contributed to growth. In EMEA, we drove 16% constant currency sales growth, with 10% related to pricing actions and 6% behind the mix. EMEAs Flavor Solutions growth was broad-based across this portfolio, led by strong growth with QSR and packaged food and beverage company customers. In the Asia-Pacific region, Flavor Solutions sales grew 11% in constant currency with pricing actions and higher volume contributing to the increase. Growth was driven by higher sales to QSR customers, driven by strength in their core menu items. As seen on Slide 21, adjusted gross margin declined 410 basis points in the fourth quarter versus the year ago period. I will spend a moment on the significant drivers, highlighting the ones that drove more compression than we had expected. First, approximately 60% of this decline or 250 basis points is due to the dilutive impact of pricing to offset our dollar cost increases. Next, product mix was unfavorable as compared to the fourth quarter of last year, as well as compared to our expectations for the quarter. First, in our Consumer segment. As mentioned earlier, lower U.S. spices and seasoning sales stemming from fourth quarter inventory restocking comparisons in both 2021 and 2022, as well as lower sales of higher-margin products in China due to the COVID restrictions negatively impacted mix. Sales shift between our Consumer and Flavor Solutions segments also contributed to the unfavorable product mix as compared to the fourth quarter of last year. The impact of the unfavorable product mix was higher than we expected due to the shortfall in consumer sales from what we had anticipated driven by both lower U.S. and China sales. Now for the impact of supply chain challenges on gross margins. In our Consumer segment, we experienced lower operating leverage because of the sales comparisons already discussed. The impact, though, was greater than expected due to the China COVID-related plant shutdowns. In our Flavor Solutions segment, as we transition production to our new UK Peterborough manufacturing facility, we continue to incur dual running costs. We expect the unfavorable year-over-year impact of these costs to continue in the first quarter of 2023. And then for the balance of the year, expect them to be comparable to 2022. Additionally, we are still incurring elevated costs to meet high demand in certain parts of our business. While painful short-term, we know these investments to support our customers during periods of disruption are the right approach to drive long-term growth. That said, we did make progress on reducing the level of these costs in the fourth quarter. However, the impact of that progress was offset by the unfavorable transactional impact of foreign currency exchange rates and some discrete issues we experienced in our Flavor Solutions operations during the quarter. While we recovered quickly from these issues, they still contributed significant unexpected costs to the quarter. Finally, partially offsetting the unfavorable drivers I just mentioned were our CCI cost savings. And of note, our price increases continue to catch up with cost inflation during the quarter for both segments. This was in line with our expectations and consistent with our performance. In 2023, we plan to fully recover the inflation or pricing has lagged over the last 2 years. Now moving to Slide 22. Selling, general and administration expenses for SG&A declined from the fourth quarter of last year with lower incentive compensation expenses, partially offset by higher distribution costs and brand marketing investments. As a percentage of net sales, SG&A declined 270 basis points. The net impact of the factors I just mentioned resulted in a constant currency decline in adjusted operating income, which excludes special charges and transaction and integration costs of 9% and compared to the fourth quarter of 2021. In constant currency, the Consumer segments adjusted operating income declined 5%. And in the Flavor Solutions segment, it declined 26%. Turning to interest expense and income taxes on Slide 23, our interest expense increased significantly over the fourth quarter 2021 as well as over our third quarter of this year, both driven by the higher rate environment. Our fourth quarter adjusted effective tax rate was 23.1% compared to 21.3% in the year-ago period. Both periods were favorably impacted by discrete tax items with a more significant impact last year. At the bottom line, as shown on Slide 24, fourth quarter 2022 adjusted earnings per share was $0.73 as compared to $0.84 for the year ago period. The decrease was driven primarily by lower adjusted operating income with higher interest expense and a higher fourth quarter adjusted effective tax rate also contributing to the decrease. On Slide 25, weve summarized highlights for cash flow and the year-end balance sheet. Our cash flow from operations for the year was $652 million, which is lower than the same period last year. This decrease was primarily driven by lower net income and higher inventory levels. We returned $397 million of cash to our shareholders through dividends and used $262 million for capital expenditures in 2022. Our capital expenditures included growth investments and optimization projects across the globe. In 2023, we expect our capital expenditures to be comparable to 2022 as we continue to spend on the initiatives we have in progress as well as to support our investments to fuel future growth. We expect 2023 to be a year of strong cash flow driven by our profit and working capital initiatives. Our priority is to continue to have a balanced use of cash, funding investments to drive growth returning a significant portion to our shareholders through dividends and paying down debt. We remain committed to a strong investment grade rating and we have a history of strong cash generation and profit realization. With improving our gross margin, through our plan to normalize our supply chain costs and inventory levels, we will be better positioned to continue paying down debt and expect to de-lever to approximately 3x by the end of fiscal 2024. Now turning to our 2023 financial outlook on Slide 26, our 2023 outlook reflects our positive top line growth momentum and with the optimization of our cost structure, increased profit realization. We expect to drive margin expansion with strong sales and adjusted operating income growth that reflects the health of our underlying business performance as well as the net favorable impact from several discrete drivers. We expect our adjusted operating profit growth will be partially offset below operating profit by significantly higher interest expense and a higher projected effective tax rate. We also expect there will be minimal impact from currency rates. At the top line, we expect to grow sales 5% to 7%, driven primarily by the wrap of last years pricing actions combined with new pricing actions we are taking in 2023. We expect several factors to impact our volume and product mix over the course of the year, including price elasticities, which we expect to be consistent with 2022 at low levels that we have historically experienced, but in line with the current environment. A 1% estimated benefit from lapping last years impact of COVID-related disruptions in China. Although we expect the impact will vary from quarter-to-quarter given 2022s level of demand volatility. The divestiture of our Kitchen Basics business in August of last year and the exit of our consumer business in Russia during last years second quarter. And finally, the continued pruning of lower margin business from our portfolio. As always, we plan to drive growth through the strength of our brands as well as our category management, brand marketing, new products and customer engagement plans. Our 2023 adjusted gross margin is projected to range between 25 to 75 basis points higher than 2022. This adjusted gross margin expansion reflects a favorable impact from pricing, cost savings from our CCI-led and global operating effectiveness programs, partially offset by the anticipated impact of a low to mid-teens increase in cost inflation. We expect cost pressures to be more than offset by pricing during the year as we recover the cost inflation or pricing lag last year. Moving to adjusted operating income. First, let me walk through some discrete items and their expected impact to our 2023 adjusted operating profit growth. First, the cost savings from our global operating effectiveness program are expected to have an 800 basis point impact. The savings from this program are expected to scale up as the year progresses. Next, the benefit of lapping the impact of COVID-related disruptions in China is expected to have a 300 basis point favorable impact. The Kitchen Basics divestiture is expected to have an unfavorable 100 basis point impact. And finally, an 800 basis point unfavorable impact is expected as we build back incentive compensation. The net impact of these discrete items is a favorable 200 basis points. This favorable impact, combined with expected 7% to 9% underlying business growth, which is driven by our improved operating momentum results in our adjusted operating income projection of 9% to 11%. In addition to the adjusted gross margin impacts I just mentioned, this projection also includes a low single-digit increase in brand marketing investments, and our CCI-led cost savings target of approximately $85 million. Based on the anticipated timing of certain items, we expect our adjusted operating profit growth to be pressured in the first quarter, accelerated in the second quarter and returned to normalized cadence of delivery for the remainder of the year. The impact of cost inflation will be weighted toward the first half of 2023, with peak inflation in the first quarter. Also, in the first quarter, we expect continued pressure to sales and profit from COVID-related disruptions in China and then the benefit beginning in the second quarter from lapping last years impact. Additionally, the exit of our consumer business in Russia will impact the first quarter. As a reminder, we began exiting it during the second quarter of last year. Finally, related to profit timing, while we expect a minimal impact from currency rates, we project an unfavorable impact in the first half of the year and expected 3% unfavorable in the first quarter and a favorable impact in the second half of the year. We are anticipating a meaningful step-up in interest expense driven by the higher interest rate environment, which will impact our floating debt. We estimate that our interest expense will range from $200 million to $210 million in 2023 and spread evenly throughout the year. As a reminder, in 2022, we realized an $18 million favorable impact from optimizing our debt portfolio, which we will lap in 2023. The net impact of these interest-related items is expected to be an 800 basis point headwind to our 2023 adjusted earnings per share growth. Our 2023 adjusted effective income tax rate is projected to be approximately 22% and based on our estimated mix of earnings by geography as well as factoring in a level of discrete impacts. Versus our 2022 adjusted effective tax rate, we expect this outlook to be a 100 basis point headwind to our 2020 earnings growth. We expect our rate to be higher in the first half of the year compared to the second half. To summarize, our 2023 adjusted earnings per share expectations reflect strong underlying business growth of 8% to 10%, a 2% net favorable impact from the discrete items I just mentioned impacting profit, the global operating effectiveness program, the China recovery, the Kitchen Basics divestiture and the incentive compensation rebuild, partially offset by the combined interest and tax headwind of 9%. This results in an expected increase of 1% to 3% or a projected guidance range for adjusted earnings per share in 2023 of $2.56 to $2.61. We are projecting strong operating performance in 2023 with continued top line momentum, significant optimization of our cost structure and strong adjusted operating profit growth as well as margin expansion. While this performance is expected to be tempered by interest and tax headwinds, we remain confident in the underlying strength of our business and that with the execution of our proven strategies, we will drive profitable growth in 2023.
Lawrence Kurzius: Thank you, Mike. Now that Mike has shared our financial results and outlook in more detail, I would like to recap the key takeaways as seen on Slide 28. Our fourth quarter sales performance despite challenges from the COVID-related disruptions in China reflects the underlying strength of our global portfolio and the continued execution of our long-term strategies. With the stabilization of service and our supply chain in addition to positive momentum and consumption trends, we expect an acceleration in consumer segment sales dollars and volume in 2023 and continued strong flavor solutions performance as the strength of our portfolio is net with outstanding demand across our customer base. We have strong growth programs, and we look forward to sharing them at CAGNY. We are committed to increasing our profit realization. The actions we have underway to normalize our supply chain costs and increase our organizational effectiveness and efficiency are already yielding results. Our global operating effectiveness program is expected to deliver $125 million of cost savings. We expect the benefits of the program to scale up through each quarter of 2023 and continue to be accretive into 2024. While actively responding to the macroeconomic challenges we are facing, we continue to operate with the same discipline and commitment to execution as we have in any other operating environment. The fundamentals that have driven our historical performance remain in place, and we are as diligent as ever in driving value for our employees, consumers, customers and shareholders in both 2023 and beyond. The compelling benefits of our relentless focus on growth, performance and people continues to position McCormick to drive sales growth. This, coupled with our focus on recovering cost inflation and lowering costs to expand margins will allow us to realize long-term sustainable earnings growth. Before turning to your questions, I want to reiterate my confidence and driving the profitable growth reflected in our 2023 outlook. And now for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Andrew Lazar: Great, thanks. Good morning, everybody.
Lawrence Kurzius: Hi, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar: Hello. I guess the question Im getting, I think, most from investors this morning really has to do with the fiscal 23 operating profit guidance of 9% to 11%. I understand youve got incremental cost savings that are set to offset the incentive comp rebuild and you have some of the China recovery built in as well. But I guess, in whats still clearly a dynamic operating environment, it still seems, I guess, aggressive to a bunch of folks weve spoken to this morning, especially given its expected to be a somewhat back-end loaded year from a profitability standpoint. So I was hoping, Lawrence maybe you could comment a bit on that and add some more color on the level of confidence around this. And then Ive just got a follow-up. Thank you.
Lawrence Kurzius: Sure. This almost comes off of my final comments on the prepared remarks. We really believe that this is balanced guidance. It is certainly not aggressive. We have a due degree of humility after last year and have a balanced outlook considering risk. And we have a high degree of confidence in this guidance, including the operating profit guidance. Its underscored by our strong consumer demand and the underlying demand from the consumer is quite strong coming out of fourth quarter is actually the strongest demand, consumer demand, that weve seen. And we continue to have tremendous demand from our Flavor Solutions customer. We have very strong programs that we did not talk about on this call, particularly on herbs and spices and we will be sharing those growth programs at CAGNY. And so that is a foundation, underlying the performance on operating profit. We have very strong confidence in our ability to realize the cost savings that we described. These programs are being managed programmatically through the same team that manages our CCI program. And I believe that they are very much in our control and were quite confident about them. And I think that they more than offset the build of incentive comp. And maybe what some of the people youre talking about havent fully considered is that we expect to cover not only this years cost inflation, but also recover all of the costs that we have lagged over the last 2 years our pricing actions early in the year. And as you know, pricing actions take time to sell in. So you would be correct in assuming that many of these conversations are either completed or well underway at this time.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thats helpful. And thats a good segue into my follow-up, which is with low to mid-teens inflation still to come and as youve talked about likely further pricing actions still ahead, Im just trying to get a sense how that jives with the price gap issue that youve talked about previously in your core spice and seasonings category and the fact that pricing decelerated sequentially in fiscal 4Q in consumer versus 3Q? And I thought it was supposed to build and maybe that was mix versus actual price? Thanks.
Lawrence Kurzius: I am going to say a couple of words about that and Im going to let Brendan follow me. First of all, on that pricing, I would not forget that the significant portion of it is going to be on the Flavor Solutions side of the business. Its sort of confident when those have come up and allowed us to make some moves there. And so that is certainly a big part of the pricing equation. Our inflation outlook is higher actually on the Flavor Solutions inputs than on consumer input for the year. And so the pricing is similarly skewed more towards the Flavor Solutions side of it. Im going to let Brendan talk about the price gaps and take it from here please.
Brendan Foley: Yes, its still  Andrew, just to build on and Lawrence has replied. Ill just jump back to maybe, I think one of the points you brought up regarding private label. We are seeing price gaps narrow right now. And we certainly saw that in the fourth quarter, even leading into the first quarter. And we started to see that trade down moderate honestly, through the quarter. So thats kind of an insight. And maybe thats also a reaction just sort of the macro inflationary factors have seem to moderate also out there in the economy overall. Consumers are looking for brands, but they are also looking for value. And so its not necessarily the lowest price. Parts of our portfolio, were seeing really start to drive a lot of growth just on large sizes as we see consumers kind of look for that value. We also  you should have called out, launched this Lawrys everyday line of spices and we are starting to continue to build distribution on this, but the early results are really good, in fact, maybe better than what we expected. Were seeing a lot of incremental category sales and profit coming from this line, those because consumers are trading up from private label. Thats kind of the source of volume that were seeing coming from this and its bringing in new consumers into the McCormick portfolio. So we are  we like the results so far that this is providing. But thats certainly a good outcome, and it factors into how we think about next year. On pricing, just sort of comparing quarter-to-quarter, to your point, I think thats probably more a function of the fact that weve been reinstating promotional activity thats been, I think, called out previously. Were also lapping last years increases, which were higher on a relative basis. But also our volume is in the fourth quarter had an impact on that overall level of pricing, too. So weve covered that with regard to the restocking comparison, and thats factored into that quarter-to-quarter view.
Andrew Lazar: Okay, thanks so much and see you guys in Florida.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Ken Goldman: Hi, good morning.
Lawrence Kurzius: Hey, Ken. Good morning.
Ken Goldman: Hi. Thank you. I wasnt sure if I heard you correctly, and maybe you said this, maybe you didnt. But you said that sales growth will be driven primarily by pricing. Does this mean you expect volumes for the year in 23 to be positive? And I guess, along those lines, I think you mentioned that you expect elasticity to not necessarily worsen in 23 versus 22? I think if I heard you right, you said it will remain kind of at todays level, just curious why that is given that the consumer environment does seem to be eroding a small amount?
Lawrence Kurzius: Start with the last part of it, Ken. Weve seen some moderation of elasticity as weve gone through the year. It looks like peak elasticity was around the time when gas prices were at $5 a gallon and above for most of the country and was really not so much a reaction to our price increase, but to the general level of inflation that consumers were experiencing and the high pressure on their wallet. So our outlook for 2023 seems that the similar environment carries forward and that were seeing elasticity in that range. Weve also adjusted  weve looked at  weve seen where weve had greater elasticity and where weve got less elasticity, and weve reflected that in our future pricing actions. So I think that weve really been thoughtful around the question of elasticity. We do expect the consumer to be under pressure in 2023. I dont care whether you call it a recession or a soft landing. Consumers on the lower end of the income spectrum, not even  Im not talking about the bottom, Im talking about the lower half. Im certainly going to have less money and are going to be careful with their budgets. We are reflecting that in our marketing programs already, and with some of the innovation that weve launched. Its not all about buying the cheapest product that consumers are looking for value, and thats really come through clear on our proprietary research and value has many components. It is true that our sales growth is driven primarily by pricing in 2023. And at the total company level, we expect volumes to be pretty much flat. And so that would be an improvement in the trend line, but thats going to vary tremendously by region and a good bit of the overall volume growth is going to come from recovery in China following this we expect following this quarter where we have that tremendous COVID impact right now during Chinese New Year.
Ken Goldman: You guys missed anything there?
Mike Smith: No, I think.
Ken Goldman: Just a quick follow-up and thank you for that. On the restocking, you mentioned that perhaps you hadnt quite recognized at the time, how large the impact was the last couple of years, totally understandable given the volatility that everyone is going through. Im just curious if the company is doing anything to maybe slightly improve its ability to quantify those dynamics maybe in a more real-time way. So that going forward, there is just fewer surprises from year-end.
Lawrence Kurzius: Thats a great question, Ken. Im going to pass that straight to Brendan.
Brendan Foley: Yes. Thanks, Ken, for the question. Definitely, this environment, certainly volatile, made it tougher to read. But as we think about just moving forward, its definitely going through, I think this period of time has allowed us to kind of refine how we look at your restocking and just the fluctuations particularly coming out of the season between consumption and shipments. This has allowed us, I think, to kind of refine our view. Overall, we definitely had a pretty disciplined approach to it is even prior to the pandemic, but I think this is refine how we look at it in the tools that we use, the analytics that we apply. So we have a lot of confidence going into this next year, particularly as we exit the first quarter that just the fluctuations that we typically would see during the holiday season between consumption and shipments. And then on top of that, this restocking comparison, things begin to normalize. I think is our view as we come out of Q1 providing just a little bit more stability in that read.
Mike Smith: Some of that is internal to me. Our supply chain is really operating at a much higher level now than it has an investment service perspective and stability. Thats another thing that gives us better insight into our sales.
Ken Goldman: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Robert Moskow: Hi, thanks. I was hoping you could break down  I was hoping to break down your volume forecast by Consumer versus Flavor Solutions. Because I think one of the strange dynamics of 2022 is that at a time when consumers are trying to save money, volumes were weak in Consumer, but your bonds pretty strong in Flavor Solutions. So I am wondering how you think of 23 and is there a risk that because the consumer environment is so volatile that it might be very tough to determine what the trade down between like foodservice and retail might be?
Lawrence Kurzius: Well, I dont think that we are giving or providing a split between the growth rates on consumer and flavor solutions. And I will say that we would expect higher growth on flavor solutions in 2023. We have  if nothing else, a higher level of pricing expected in the Flavor Solutions segment, and that alone is going to drive a higher increase year-on-year. Flavor Solutions is a bit of a portfolio itself. It includes branded foodservice, where we believe that we have gained significant share in North America, in particular, in our branded foodservice business with the number of wins as we have gone through the year. We have had tremendous growth on flavors and flavor seasonings, for our flavor solutions customers in the area of snacks, performance nutrition. The health end market, we have had a very strong unit growth through the entire pandemic and continuing through 22, and we have seen no end of sight on that. We have been slightly capacity constraint in that area. And we have some significant new capacity that for longer term investments that are finally coming on line in the second quarter that opens up additional capacity for us thats both for flavor with some expansion that we have done. And at bona or spray drying capability, and in snack seasonings, where we have been in the process of converting one of our plants from some low-margin products, the ability to run a snack seasonings and that conversion is effectively coming online. We are in the trial stages right now, should be online in second quarter. So, a bit of a longish answer there, but I hope that covered it.
Robert Moskow: Okay. Can I ask a follow-up? You talked about the new plant thats opening in the UK and the double costs, I guess that are involved in it. Why is it taking so long to get past these double costs?
Mike Smith: Hey Rob, its Mike. I will answer that. I mean I would say this, I mean we are taking  we have a very large actually footprint in one part of the UK and then the Petersburg plant, which we talked about is a massive facility. So, we are kind of doing this in a two-step process to make sure we service our customers properly. So, its different than when you are just building new capacity like we have talked about, where you are kind of adding on to a plant. We are actually closing a plant in a very difficult environment to close plants for a lot of reasons, moving it to a brand-new facility. So, that does take more time. The good news is we are kind of almost out of that after the first quarter. You think about the incremental costs we have talked about is in the first quarter after it levels out. And as that production  the remaining production transfers over the rest of this year, 24 will be a really clean year. But when you are closing big plants and opening a big plant, they dont take one quarter, it will take about a year, if you think about it, thats what this one is taking around that much time.
Robert Moskow: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Alexia Howard with Bernstein. Please proceed with your question.
Alexia Howard: Good morning everyone.
Lawrence Kurzius: Hi Alexia.
Alexia Howard: Hi there. Can we focus in on the flavor solutions business? You gave us the three reasons why margins should improve this year. I am kind of curious about timing on that. How quickly will the pricing kick in and the elimination of the capacity expansion costs, just a little bit on the timing. Thank you. And I have a follow-up.
Lawrence Kurzius: Yes. I mean I wasnt really being specific on the dual running costs when I was describing the improvement in flavor solutions. In terms of the pricing, I dont want to get overly specific on this because we are in customer conversations right now. And there is a certain amount of commercial tension in all of those conversations. But we fully expect, as I have said about pricing generally on the flavor solutions side of the business as well that we will recover all of the inflation that we are not only incurring into the New Year, but also the cumulative inflation that we collected  that we have experienced the last two. And I would say that our lag in getting that getting caught up is greater in flavor solutions than it has been on the consumer side. So, its going to be  its pretty meaningful and thats an important element. We would fully expect to have that work complete early in the year.
Mike Smith: I think the other point, too, Alexia, a couple of things. We talked about inflation being weighted to the front of the year. First quarter is the highest inflation that impacts labor solutions as well as consumer. The other thing is our global operating effectiveness program. I mean there has been a lot of positive activity. The reality though is the first quarter is going to have the least impact and its going to ramp up really rapidly in the second quarter, third quarter and fourth quarter. So, the second quarter is going to be a big impact. The flavor solutions because a lot of the inefficiencies we have talked about over the last year have been in the supply chain area for flavor solutions. So, we do see more of that savings going to that segment, which will help.
Alexia Howard: Great. And then as a follow-up, the  I have to come back to it, but the share dynamics in the U.S. herbs and spices that we are seeing in the Nielsen data. It looks as though you are still losing market share. It doesnt look like its private label anymore. I presume its smaller brands. When do you expect that to turn the corner? And what  can you give us any more color about what the dynamics are there? Thanks and I will pass it on.
Lawrence Kurzius: Alexia. I would love to answer that question, but I am going to let Brendan answer it.
Brendan Foley: Thanks Lawrence. Alexia, I just  as we look at our business, I think just first, remarking on the fourth quarter. I think what we were really feeling pretty  feel pretty good about in terms of the momentum we have talked about before is that we have seen sequential improvement not only across the total McCormick portfolio and consumer in the U.S., but also in herbs and spices. Fourth quarter is probably our best quarter of the year. We saw sequential improvement on not only sales, but also unit and also volume as we went through the second quarter all the way to the fourth quarter. So, thats pretty good momentum going into the next year. Having said that, though, certainly, we saw a stabilization of where our share is right now and expect to improve that over the course of 22. But we dont never really get into the habit of sort of projecting what share will be in the future. So, we are not going to do that on this call necessarily, but we do expect to have improved performance in 23. And I think related to what those plans will be, we will talk a lot more about that at CAGNY. And so I think there will be a lot of great opportunity to kind of go deeper on what those plans and opportunities look like.
Lawrence Kurzius: We actually would have loved to have done that on this call and Kasey has insisted that we see some higher power. I know your question, Alexia, was about U.S. herbal and spices specifically. But if I could just step back, if I look at the fourth quarter, we gained share in hot sauce. We have gained substantial share in mustard what we finally are back in full supply. We had our, I think our fifth consecutive quarter in a row of strong share growth in recipe mixes, which  and everyone forgets those, but their profitability is right there with herbs and spices. And then in many of our international markets, we had share gains in urban spices specifically. So, when you look at the full picture, we have got  generally, as it has been the case all along, where we have had good supply, we have had the ability to grow our market share. A lot of the share loss that you are seeing is due to TDP losses early in the year that are still being left. And I expect we have won some of those TDPs back and I expect us to continue to do so as we go through 23.
Alexia Howard: Very helpful. Thank you very much. I will pass it on.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Adam Samuelson: Yes. Good morning everyone.
Lawrence Kurzius: Good morning Adam.
Adam Samuelson: Good morning. Hi. So, I wanted to maybe hone in a little bit on the kind of net operating income growth guidance and where you shake out for 2023, because I am just trying to square the thought relative to where profit was in 2020 and 2021. Especially 21, you are still at the high end of the guidance range, $80 million, $90 million lower than you were last year, which there shouldnt be an incentive comp kind of comparison issue in there and you talk about fully recovering pricing  cost inflation. Currency has been a little bit of a headwind. Divestitures kind of net sold a few things and volumes are lower. But I guess I am just trying to reconcile kind of where on an absolute dollar basis, we shake out for 2023, inclusive of the incremental restructuring and the cumulative effect of pricing relative to where the profit dollars were 2 years ago, or 3 years ago and how we should think about that at the company level moving forward? I mean if we rebase somewhat through as we come through COVID, or is there an acceleration beyond 2024 and 2023 in profit growth to kind of get the long-term kind of EBIT CAGR back into that kind of mid to high-single digit range?
Mike Smith: Adam, this is Mike. Good question. I mean we put together the slide in the earnings deck to really walk you from the current guidance. And from a percentage basis, realizing its not dollars, but from a percentage basis, constant currency guidance to the underlying base growth. And if you think about it, you look at that underlying base for, once you take out all the kind of I hate to say one-timers, but things are really discrete items year-over-year, and some of which will continue into next year, like the global operating effectiveness program, as you talked about rebuilding there are profit getting back to our long-term profit algorithm by taking out these costs that have really come through during the pandemic. So, I think there is a case for acceleration into the future. We are not talking about 24 or 25 right now. We need to nail 23. But if you look at that underlying base growth 4% to 6% net sales growth, which actually went out bolt-on M&A is at the high end of our guidance. So, really good underlying performance. We get back to the 7% to 9% operating profit growth. If you really if you think about the recovery of the pricing that we talked about, that allows us to really drive that 3 percentage point increase will get to that 7% to 9%. So, we feel good about that, along with our noble things like our normal CCI program and things like that, investing a bit more in advertising to grow the brand. So, that virtuous cycle we talk about is to get the operating profit and 1% leverage below there, we would love to pay down more debt. Thats why we are driving hard on our working capital programs this year to get our inventories back down to where they need to be. So, we feel good about like Lawrence said before, its a prudent call. We feel really confident about it. And so I think hopefully that helps you understand the moving parts other than the discrete items, some of which the positives will continue into next year, even the net recovery in China, hopefully 24 is better than the 23. But we feel good about on base.
Lawrence Kurzius: I will add to that, that the guidance that we are giving is balanced and all we have been saying prudent. And just from  thats our opinion. And as you have heard from some of the other questions, that there is somebody think that this actually might even be aggressive. But we have tried to give a balanced guidance here, but our teams are used to winning and have  we have very aggressive business plans, and we will do everything we can to not just recover, but exceed. We are used to starting every year-end earnings call with record  with the phrase record results. We were not able to do that this year, and we would like to get back on track with that low record of historic performance.
Adam Samuelson: Okay. I appreciate all that color. If I can just ask a follow-up on flavor solutions and just  I mean there is a meaningful portion of that business thats selling into other food companies. And just want to get a sense if you saw or have experience or worried about any destocking amongst some of your food company customers who either have taken similar working capital kind of reduction actions as you are taking yourselves, or are kind of have counseled you to think about that potential moving forward in the context of a still fairly sluggish underlying consumption environment?
Lawrence Kurzius: I would say at this point, no. The fact is that our supply chain recovery, I believe and the feedback we get from our customers is generally ahead of the peers. And so many of them are still fairly hand to mouth right now and have a different set of dynamics. Many of them are still rebuilding inventory  sorry, rebuilding inventories in the store at the shelf and correctly getting items reinstated. And those in the area of snacking are just experiencing explosive growth.
Brendan Foley: If I could build on that, Lawrence. Adam, the other thing to consider regarding our flavor solutions business is a good part of that sales growth algorithm is a lot of new product and innovation activity for our customers as well as winning new customers and winning share in the market. And so that factors into how we think about our growth.
Adam Samuelson: Okay. Alright. Thats all helpful. I will pass it on. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Chris Growe with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Chris Growe: Hi. Good morning.
Lawrence Kurzius: Good morning.
Chris Growe: Hi. I had a question coming back to kind of the U.S. business overall, and Brendan had talked about kind of moderating and trade down in the U.S. I wanted to understand, do you attribute that to your promotional spending? Was that one of the factors that helped drive that? And would you expect promotional spending to be up in fiscal 23, because I am trying to square that with the need for more pricing. And can you accomplish the price points you need and also see kind of the value it seems like consumers are seeking here?
Lawrence Kurzius: Yes. I will say that the promotional activity isnt all about discounting. And so a lot of the promotional activity that we have been able to reinstate is around merchandising activity, which includes displays and digital partnerships and all  and these things have very good ROI, and we are quite positive about it. I am going to give the floor here to Brendan though.
Brendan Foley: Yes. I mean Chris, I think as we go into 23 and how we look at it, just to build off of where Lawrence is going, a lot of that promotional spending is getting back into driving the categories with our customers. And the feedback we are getting from them is welcome, frankly, in that regard because we want to keep driving up better overall growth. Can you just remind me the front end of your question, though, was in regards to what?
Chris Growe: Just that there is  you have seen a moderating and trade down and you have had an increase in promotional spending. So, I was trying to understand, is that driving that moderating and trade down? And then can you accomplish that if you are trying to get prices higher?
Brendan Foley: I think you are seeing a confluence of a number of things happening in the quarter where some of those macro factors that we may have spoken about before, like the price of gas, etcetera, those seem to have moderated. So therefore, broadly, we think that has an impact. So, also the reinstatement of promotions probably during, obviously, a very important season like the holiday would have also a year-over-year impact there, too. But I think there is a couple of things we would like to add is we got more aggressive in Q4 for a reason. We called that out in the third quarter. And part of that includes also a lot of focus and an increased A&P around value messaging. And we have seen a lot of great response from that. And so I think there is a number of things playing in here, Chris, that lead us to believe that we have got good momentum going into 23.
Lawrence Kurzius: I will also say that our proprietary consumer survey shows that between May and December, when we have talked with  we ask consumers about their mechanisms for coping with higher pricing. Trading down to private label and store brands was the item that had the biggest decline in terms of the consumers who certainly were doing that. And so I think that matches up well with what we are seeing through the scanner and our other data.
Chris Growe: Okay. Thats helpful. Thanks for all of that color there. Just one other quick follow-on or question will be that inventory was kind of a moving factor year-over-year and you had a big increase last year in inventory. Did you build less inventory, I guess overall or should I say that maybe better that did inventory move lower in the fourth quarter than you expected? Is that the unique factor around the inventory move in the quarter?
Mike Smith: We did start making progress on our inventory in the fourth quarter, as you mentioned both in the raw material and finished goods side, which was really a focus with our global operating excellence for efficiency program. One of the outputs of that is reduced inventory too as you stabilize your supply chain. And we have very aggressive targets for this year. And again, it goes back to creating more cash to help drive our debt down.
Chris Growe: How about at retail?
Mike Smith: Progress is just starting.
Chris Growe: How about at retail as well, did retail inventories move lower in the fourth quarter?
Lawrence Kurzius: No, Chris. I would say thats not really the relationship we are trying to describe here. We feel like inventories simply retailers had done a lot of restocking in the fourth quarter just 1.1 [ph]. And they just happen to have more on hand as we are going to the holiday season. But I dont believe we are trying to say that they are executing the holiday season differently than they have as normal.
Mike Smith: Yes. And just in the normal ebb and flow of things. Remember, our fiscal year end stands in the middle of the holiday season. So, coming in the first quarter, retailer inventories are always high. We always ship below consumption in the first quarter. Thats like a normal seasonal pattern. And I think that we are well set up for that. Just given the rapid amount of change, we are just being cautious about that. And in our remarks, we have said we expect normalization after Q1.
Chris Growe: That makes sense. Thanks so much for that color.
Lawrence Kurzius: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Max Gumport with BNP Paribas. Please proceed with your question.
Max Gumport: Hi. Thanks for the question.
Lawrence Kurzius: Max, youre welcome.
Max Gumport: On the call, you gave some helpful details on the puts and takes to consider with regard to the cadence of your EPS in FY 23. If I have it right, it sounds like the first quarter will be pressured as a result of peak inflation, cost savings ramping up throughout the year, a continued impact from COVID-related disruptions in China and a higher tax rate among other impacts. Can you help give us a sense for how dramatically these factors could hold back your first quarter EPS?
Mike Smith: Yes. I mean I think on top of that, the highest commodity cost increases in the first quarter. I think the first quarter is always our smallest quarter. If you think about the cadence of, Max, in our history, fourth quarter are the most sales and most profit comes through because of the holiday season. Except for China, which is actually inversed. Chinas first quarter is their biggest quarter because of the Chinese New Year. So, thats another factor thats going to put pressure on our first quarter this year because of the COVID issues. But I would hesitate to say we get round number is what its going to be, but its going to be a difficult first quarter. For all the factors, you named four or five of the factors right on our list. I added the China impact also into that. So, as well as FX. FX is flat for the year, Max, but in the first quarter, its about a 3% negative year-on-year. So, thats another reason that the first quarter is going to be the most challenging, but for all the reasons you mentioned with the global operating effectiveness, the recoveries and it will be strong for the rest of the year.
Max Gumport: Great. Thanks very much. I will leave it there.
Lawrence Kurzius: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question today comes from the line of Peter Galbo with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Peter Galbo: Hey guys. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. I will keep it pretty quick. I guess just as I think about the operating income bridge, the incentive comp piece of that, thats kind of an 800 basis point headwind as you rebuild that function. Like how flexible is that, or how discretionary is that? And the reason for the question is, lets say, if something in the plan that you have, the year goes wrong outside of your factors, right, China take longer to reopen or destocking take longer or restock gets stronger in the U.S. Like can you pull that piece of the puzzle back more as a means to kind of still hit the operating income target, or is that pretty much you have to  you are committed to spending that at this point?
Lawrence Kurzius: Well, Peter, our incentive comp pays for growth. And we fell short of growth in 2022. And so thats reflected in a very low incentive comp that we didnt take back and confidence to the P&L. As we went through 2022, in 2023, it starts a New Year. And so we are starting with the expectation that we are going to hit our goals. And of course, as we over or under achieve, we will adjust incentive comp as we go through the year.
Mike Smith: Yes, its very formulaic. The majority of our incentive competence based on McCormick profit, which is basically our operating profit less a capital charge we call kind of light EVA model to make sure all of us are held accountable for capital improvement. So, its really focused a lot on operating profit and a bit on EPS, too, very formulaic. We pay for growth.
Peter Galbo: Great. Thanks very much guys.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I will turn the floor back to Lawrence Kurzius for closing remarks.
Lawrence Kurzius: Great. Thank you. McCormick is aligned with consumer trends and the rising demand for flavor in combination with the breadth and reach of our global portfolio and our strategic investments provide a strong foundation for sustainable growth. We are disciplined in our focus on the right opportunities and investing in our business. We are continuing to drive further growth as we successfully execute on our long-term strategy actively respond to changing consumer behavior and capitalize on opportunities from our relative strength. We continue to be well positioned for continued success and remain committed to driving long-term value for our shareholders.
Kasey Jenkins: Thank you, Laurence and thank you to everybody for joining todays call. If you have any questions regarding the information, please feel free to contact me. This concludes the call for today.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-10-06 08:00:00) =====
Kasey Jenkins: Good morning. This is Kasey Jenkins, Chief Strategy Officer and Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Thank you for joining today's Third Quarter Earnings Call. To accompany this call, we posted a set of slides at ir.mccormick.com. With me this morning are Lawrence Kurzius, Chairman and CEO; Brendan Foley, President and COO; and Mike Smith, Executive Vice President and CFO. During this call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. The nature of those non-GAAP financial measures and the related reconciliations to the GAAP results are included in this morning's press release and slides. In our comments, certain percentages are rounded. Please refer to our presentation for complete information. Today's presentation contains projections and other forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from those projected. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether because of new information, future events or other factors. Please refer to our forward-looking statements on Slide 2 for more information. I will now turn the discussion over to Lawrence.
Lawrence Kurzius: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. Third quarter sales increased 3% from the year ago period as anticipated. In constant currency, sales grew 6%, reflecting 10% growth from pricing actions, partially offset by a 1% decline from the Kitchen Basics divestiture and 1% decline attributable to the exits of low-margin business in India and the consumer business in Russia and a 2% decline in all other volume and product mix. Our underlying third quarter growth reflects the strength of our broad global portfolio as well as the effective execution of our strategies and pricing actions against the backdrop of a volatile operating environment. Using 2019 as a pre-pandemic baseline, third quarter sales grew at a constant currency three-year compounded annual growth rate, or CAGR, up 7%, reflecting the sustained momentum in our business across both our Consumer and Flavor Solutions segments. Moving to profit, adjusted operating income was down 12% or 11% in constant currency adjusted earnings per share was down 14%. During the third quarter, supply chain challenges continued and recovery of certain constrained materials is taking longer than expected. We continue to incur elevated costs to meet high demand in our Flavor Solutions segment. While in our Consumer segment, where demand moderated from elevated consumption trends more quickly than expected, we are experiencing lower-than-optimal operating leverage. Across the supply chain, we remain focused on managing inventory levels and eliminating inefficiencies, though the normalization of our supply chain cost is taking longer than expected, pressuring gross margin and profit realization in the current period. Over the coming months, we will be aggressively eliminating supply chain inefficiencies. Importantly, as we had expected in the third quarter, our price increases are catching up with the pace of cost inflation in both segments. We began to recover the cost inflation that had been outpacing our pricing actions and other levers most significantly in the Consumer segment. We expect this will continue into the next year as we plan to fully offset inflation over time. Before discussing our third quarter segment performance in more detail, I'd like to comment on our supply chain plan, starting on Slide 5. We have a focused plan in flight that leverages the discipline of our established Comprehensive Continuous Improvement or CCI program to ensure that we are able to flexibly support customer demand, both where it has been sustained at higher levels and where it has moderated, while eliminating inefficiencies and normalizing both our cost structure and inventory levels. Our actions are well underway. Our top supply chain priority remains keeping our customers in supply and supporting their growth. There are areas of our business that have sustained high levels of demand for an extended period and our supply chain has been pressured to meet this demand. We have several initiatives in progress that will increase our capacity, strengthen our supply chain resiliency and importantly, enable us to service our customers so they can grow their business. For example, we're investing in additional Flavor Solutions seasoning capacity, which will be online in early 2023. We're expanding FONA's footprint to support our flavor growth. We recently opened our new U.K. Peterborough Flavor Solutions manufacturing facility to support our strong growth momentum with quick service restaurants. And just earlier this week, the first pallet was shipped from our new Maryland Logistics Center. And from a cost perspective, as we responded to demand volatility over the past several years, we have incurred additional costs above inflation to service our customers and have seen inefficiencies develop in our supply chain. These are costs we have absorbed. We have not passed into customers on our pricing actions. We are targeting to eliminate at least $100 million of these costs with a significant benefit in 2023. We're moving aggressively to take these costs and inefficiencies out as well as normalized inventory levels that have built up. Some of our actions include investing to increase both manufacturing capacity and reliability in bottleneck areas to enable better customer service and repatriation of production from excessive use of co-packers. We're returning to more normal ship schedules and reducing our spend on expensive surge capacity. We are already seeing the benefit of lower overtime and temporary labor reductions. In this more normalized environment as well as through customer collaboration, we are already beginning to reduce expedited freight costs and less-than-truckload shipping costs as well as other transportation inefficiencies. We are resolving raw material and packaging supply issues. For example, we are beyond the shortages of glass bottles and certain organic spices, which impacted supply of our U.S. gourmet line. A supplier facility closure announced in September drove the discontinuation of a component of our dry recipe mix packaging and through our quick qualification of alternative supply, we mitigated a major disruption during the fourth quarter. Long-running shortage of French's mustard bottle will be resolved in the first half of 2023 as new molds come online at a second supplier. And from an inventory perspective, we are also executing on plans to return to historical safety stock levels, which were raised to protect against supply disruption. We expect the impact of our actions to normalize our supply chain costs, increase our efficiency and ability to meet demand, lower our inventory levels and importantly, increase our profit realization beginning in the first half of 2023. We have managed through various supply chain challenges over the last several years with the peak disruption experienced in the third quarter of last year. Since then, there has been steady improvement building progress and bolstering our confidence in our plan to enhance our operational performance and optimize our cost structure. While we will always prioritize meeting our customers' needs, I'm encouraged by our disciplined approach to resolving the increased cost within our supply chain. We've continued to define and quantify specific actions within our plans as we - since we shared we would be driving the elimination of the supply chain inefficiencies in our preannouncement last month. We look forward to sharing more details and progress with you in January, when we provide our 2023 outlook. Now moving to third quarter business update for each of our segments. Starting with our Consumer segment on Slide 6 and the status of our pricing actions, our third quarter sales reflect the impact of our pricing actions in all three regions, with an acceleration of effective pricing in the quarter versus the first half of the year, in line with what we expected. While broad pressure on Consumers' cost of lending from inflation, which heightened during our third quarter, has resulted in higher price elasticity than we originally anticipated, our elasticities remain lower than historical levels. And our most recent pricing actions, which in the U.S. took effect as we began our fourth quarter, we focused on areas that are less elastic and did not take pricing on some products where we had seen the highest elasticity. Now, for some further highlights by region, starting with the Americas. Our total U.S. branded portfolio consumption as indicated by our IRI consumption data and combined with unmeasured channels grew 4%, in line with our shipments. And over the last three years, since 2019, consumption has grown at a three-year CAGR of 8%, which highlights how the sustained shift in consumer consumption continues to drive increased demand for our products and outpace pre-pandemic levels. In early August, we divested our Kitchen Basics business. We consistently grew this brand over the years but as it was the only U.S. brand we had in the stock and broth aisle our resources were better focused on core categories where we have leading brands. Demand has remained high with strong growth in the majority of our categories. Spices and seasonings has been one of our strongest categories in the past three years. And as a result, we are lapping all-time highs in consumption. This has created challenging comparisons in some product lines, such as baking related items, which have returned to a pre-pandemic level unlike most of our categories. Grilling-related items were impacted versus last year by high meat prices, although grilling is still strong versus pre-pandemic. Health conditions continue to improve as seen in our recipe mix share performance, with the fourth consecutive quarter of share gain. Our spices and seasoning share was pressured by service-related distribution losses, a shortage of certain packaging items as well as certain organic spices, which has largely been resolved and some trading down by consumers who remain under pressure from broad-based inflation. We are using our category and revenue management capabilities to strengthen our spices and seasoning presence on shelf. The strength of our brands and our category leadership has recently won us new distribution, which we're beginning to realize now. In EMEA, we continue to have solid share performance at herbs, spices and seasonings in the U.K., Eastern Europe and Italy, somewhat offset by softer performance in France. We are continuing to gain share on Frank's RedHot in the U.K., and we are beginning to build momentum with Cholula as we expand that brand into this market. For the quarter and year-to-date versus last year, as well as since 2019, we are driving the U.K. hot sauce category growth. Our Bottone brand of homemade dessert products in France, a product line of unique to our EMEA region, as flows, we have seen baking return to a more pre-pandemic baseline level in EMEA to, again, unlike our other categories. Turning to the Asia Pacific region. Last year, the region experienced supply chain challenges such as ocean freight capacity constraints and lapping that impact contributed to growth in the third quarter. Additionally, following an extended lockdown in the second quarter, COVID resurgence in Shanghai and some other cities throughout China eased as we began the third quarter, resulting in trade and pantry replenishment contributing to growth. Recently, several cities in Central China, which is the primary market of our Wuhan operations, have experienced new COVID-related lockdowns and we are continually monitoring the situation. Overall, our China performance is on track with our expectations. Across all regions in our consumer segment, we are achieving the price realization we expected and we're executing on our proven growth strategies, pivoting action plans as needed based on our consumer insights and the environment. We continue to invest behind our brands. We increased brand marketing investments in the third quarter and have additional investments planned for the fourth quarter. In addition to our highly effective and inspiring holiday messaging, we have pivoted our digital messaging to emphasize value and show consumers how our products help them stretch their grocery dollars without sacrificing flavor. We are focusing our innovation efforts to meet the needs of consumers concerned about their budgets. In the Americas, we have launched a new Lawry's branded opening price point range of every day 10 spices. And our large-size format Super Deal is one of the best-performing product lines as consumers are looking for greater value. This format size is approximately a 40% better value per ounce than the smaller sizes. We've also launched large-sized resealable pouches of top-selling items in markets across all regions. In terms of category management, we are collaborating with our customers to ensure the right assortment and price points on shelf to optimize category performance and increase profitability for our customers. And as always, we have a strong merchandising program planned for the holiday season. We are confident in our brand marketing investments, innovation and category management initiatives, which will continue to drive strong growth. Turning to Flavor Solutions on Slide 8. Our sales performance for the quarter was strong, with growth led by our pricing actions in all three regions with an increase in our effective pricing versus the first half of the year as we expected. Now for some regional highlights. In the Americas, strong growth was driven by snack seasonings, savory flavors and branded foodservice products. Demand continues to strengthen the branded foodservice restaurant and institutional foodservice customers as mobility and strong summer travel continued to fuel consumption. And importantly, we also are expanding distribution. In EMEA, growth remained strong across our entire customer base. Our third quarter growth was led by strong quick service restaurant, or QSR, momentum in all markets partially driven by expanded distribution and our customers' promotional activities. And we're seeing an acceleration of demand in branded foodservice as customers shift to more economical formats. Our full spectrum of solutions across price points is driving growth. We are winning in both regions with our new product momentum. In Americas, growth from new products contributed approximately 25% more growth in flavors in the third quarter than the year ago period, driven by beverage, savory snacks and Performance Nutrition flavors. We are continuing to win share in these categories. And in EMEA, our third quarter new product launches accelerated versus earlier in the year. And for the full year, we expect new product introductions to outpace 2021. We are fueling future growth. In APG, we're driving further menu penetration with our QSR customers, winning new limited time offers as well as realizing growth from strong performance of their core menu items we flavor. In many cases, we are the heat in their spicy offerings. Overall, Flavor Solutions has remained strong and for certain parts of our business in the Americas and EMEA regions, our supply chain continues to be pressured to meet this high demand. And as I said earlier, we are still taking on some extraordinary costs to service our customers. We appreciate our customers working with us, and we see light ahead. Now some summary comments before turning it over to Mike. Turning to Slide 9. Global demand for Flavor remains the foundation of our sales growth, and we have intentionally focused on great fast-growing categories that will continue to differentiate our performance. We continue to capitalize on the long-term consumer trends that accelerated during the pandemic, healthy and flavorful cooking, increased digital engagement trusted brands and purpose-minded practices. These long-term trends and the rising global demand for great taste are more relevant today than ever with the younger generations fueling them at a greater rate. McCormick is uniquely positioned to capitalize on this demand for great taste with the breadth and reach of our strong global flavor portfolio. We are delivering flavor experiences for every meal occasion through our products and our customers' products and are driving growth. We are end-to-end flavor. We remain focused on the long-term goals, strategies and values that have made us so successful. We have grown and compounded that growth over the years including through the pandemic and other periods of volatility. Our solid track record of achieving our long-term objectives highlights the resiliency of our business through a variety of market conditions as well as our focus on sales growth and profit realization. The long-term fundamentals that drove our industry-leading historical performance remains strong, the strength of our business model, the value of our products and capabilities and the execution of our proven strategies by our experienced leaders, while adapting to changes accordingly, give us confidence in our growth momentum and in our ability to navigate the global dynamic environment. The compounding benefits of our relentless focus on growth, performance and people continues to position McCormick to drive sales growth and balanced with our focus on lowering costs to expand margins realize long-term sustainable earnings growth. The teamwork of our McCormick employees, driver momentum and success and I want to thank them for their dedicated efforts and engagement. And now I will turn it over to Mike.
Mike Smith: Thanks, Lawrence, and good morning, everyone. Starting on Slide 12. Our top line constant currency sales grew 6% compared to the third quarter of last year, including a 1% unfavorable impact from the Kitchen Basics divestiture, as well as a 1% impact from the exits of low-margin business in India, and the consumer business in Russia. In our Consumer segment, we drove constant currency sales growth of 4%, with 10% related to pricing actions, partially offset by a 1% impact from the Kitchen Basics divestiture, as well as lower volume. With the exit of low-margin business in India and the consumer business in Russia contributing a combined 1% impact due to the lower volume. On a three-year basis, our third quarter constant currency sales CAGR was 6%. On Slide 13, consumer sales in the Americas increased 3% in constant currency, driven by pricing actions, partially offset by a decline in volume as well as a 1% impact from the Kitchen Basics divestiture. As Lawrence mentioned, the volume decline was impacted not only by elasticities, but also by constrained supply of certain input materials, primarily packaging items. Over the past three years, constant currency sales in the Americas grew at a CAGR of 6%. In EMEA, constant currency consumer sales declined 1%, which included a 3% unfavorable impact from lower sales in Russia. Growth in other markets were driven by pricing actions, partially offset by lower volume, with the most significant volume impact attributable to lower sales of Vahine Hommade dessert products. Over the past three years, EMEA's constant currency sales grew at a 3% CAGR. Constant currency consumer sales in the Asia Pacific region grew 10%, including a 7% unfavorable impact from the exit of low-margin business in India. As Lawrence mentioned, growth was driven by higher volume, mainly attributable to trade and pantry replenishments in China, following the extended Shanghai lockdown last quarter, as well as the region lapping supply chain challenges in the year ago period. Pricing actions in all markets across the region also contributed to growth. On a three-year basis, APZ's third quarter constant currency sales grew at a 4% CAGR. Turning to our Flavor Solutions segment and Slide 16. We grew third quarter constant currency sales 10%, primarily due to pricing actions, with higher volume and product mix also contributing to growth. Third quarter constant currency sales for the last three years grew at an 8% CAGR. In the Americas, Flavor Solutions constant currency sales grew 10%, driven by pricing. Higher sales to packaged food and beverage companies with particular strength in snack seasonings, led the growth. Higher demand from branded foodservice customers also contributed to growth. Over the past three years, constant currency sales in the Americas grew at a CAGR of 8%. In EMEA, we drove 11% constant currency sales growth, with 7% related to price actions and 4% volume and mix. EMEA's Flavor Solutions growth, excluding a 1% decline related to lower sales in Russia, was broad-based across its portfolio, led by strong growth with QSR, branded foodservice and packaged food and beverage company customers. Over the past three years, EMEA's constant currency sales growth was 9% CAGR. In the Asia Pacific region, Flavor Solutions sales grew 11% in constant currency, with pricing actions and higher volume contributing to the increase. Growth was driven by higher sales to QSR customers, in part due to the timing of the promotional activities. APZ grew constant currency sales at a 6% CAGR over the past three years. As seen on Slide 20, adjusted gross profit margin declined 320 basis points in the third quarter versus the year ago period. Let me spend a moment on the significant drivers. First, almost 80% of this decline, approximately 250 basis points is due to the dilutive impact of pricing to offset our dollar cost increases. Next, I'll cover the impact of supply chain challenges on gross margin. In our Flavor Solutions segment, we have continued to incur elevated costs to meet high demand for certain parts of that business. And there has also been an unfavorable impact from the start-up and dual running costs as we transition production to our new U.K. Peterborough manufacturing facility. In our Consumer segment, where demand has moderated more quickly than we expected, we are experiencing lower operating leverage. Overall, while the normalization of our supply chain cost is taking longer than expected pressure in gross margin, we are taking actions to normalize our costs, as Lawrence mentioned, which we are confident will be reflected in our 2023 gross margin. Partially offsetting these impacts I just mentioned were our CCI-led cost savings, where we are on track to deliver our expected savings of $85 million for the full year. And finally, of note, in line with our expectations, the impact of our pricing actions in the third quarter began outpacing cost inflation in both segments, more significantly in the Consumer segment. We expect pricing to continue outpacing inflation into next year, as we plan to fully offset inflation over time. Overall, our cost recovery and gross margin improvement will vary by region and segment, with a slower Flavor Solutions recovery. Importantly, though, we have now passed the inflection point with significant gross margin improvement since last quarter, driven by our consumer segment performance, and, we expect further improvement in the fourth quarter. Now moving to Slide 21. Selling, general and administrative expenses, or SG&A, were comparable to the third quarter of last year with higher distribution costs and brand marketing investments, offset by lower employee benefit expenses. As a percent of net sales, SG&A declined 60 basis points. The net impact of the factors I just mentioned resulted in a constant currency decline in adjusted operating income, which excludes special charges and transaction and integration costs of 11% compared to the third quarter of 2021. In the Consumer segment, adjusted operating income declined 1% in constant currency. And in the Flavor Solutions segment, a decline of 34%. Turning to income taxes on Slide 22. Our third quarter adjusted effective tax rate was 21.2% compared to 14.1% in the year-ago period. Both periods were favorably impacted by discrete tax items with a more significant impact last year. At the bottom line, as shown on Slide 23, third quarter 2022 adjusted earnings per share was $0.69 as compared to $0.80 for the year ago period. The decrease was driven by our lower adjusted operating income. A favorable impact from optimizing our debt portfolio in the third quarter was fully offset by the impact of higher adjusted effective tax rate in the third quarter of this year. On Slide 24, we've summarized highlights for cash flow and a quarter end balance sheet. Our cash flow from operations was $250 million through the third quarter of 2022, which is lower than the same period last year. This decrease was primarily driven by lower net income and higher inventory levels. We returned $298 million of cash to our shareholders through dividends and used $167 million for capital expenditures through the third quarter. Our priority is to continue to have a balanced use of cash, funding investments to drive growth, returning a significant portion to our shareholders through dividends and paying down debt. While our fourth quarter has historically generated our highest cash flow from operations, based on our current profit outlook and working capital position, we do not expect to delever to our targeted net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio of approximately 3x by the end of fiscal 2022. We remain committed to a strong investment-grade rating and we have a history of strong cash generation and profit realization. With our improving gross margin as well as our plan to normalize our supply chain cost and inventory levels, we will be better positioned to continue paying down debt. Now turning to our 2022 financial outlook on Slide 25. We are projecting strong top line growth with profit impacted by cost inflation and supply chain challenges. We also expect there will be a 3 percentage point unfavorable impact of currency rates on sales and a 2 percentage point unfavorable impact on adjusted operating income and adjusted earnings per share. On the top line, we expect to grow constant currency sales 3% to 5%. We expect sales to be driven primarily by pricing. While we anticipate volume and product mix to be impacted by price elasticities, we expect elasticity to remain at a lower rate than historical levels given our focused approach led by consumer insights. Our volume and product mix will also be impacted by the divestiture of our Kitchen Basics business. The demand disruptions experienced in China and the exit of our consumer business in Russia as well as continual pruning of lower-margin business from our portfolio. We plan to drive continued growth through the strength of our brands as well as our category management, brand marketing, new products and customer engagement growth plans. We are projecting our 2022 adjusted gross profit margin to be 350 to 300 basis points lower than 2021, primarily driven by our Flavor Solutions segment. Given the rapidly escalating cost environment this year, cost inflation outpaced pricing in the first half of the year. We expect pricing to outpace inflation in the second half of the year and continue into next year. This adjusted gross margin compression reflects the impact of a high teens increase in cost inflation, higher supply chain costs, lower operating leverage and unfavorable impact of sales mix between segments and favorable impact from pricing and CCI-led cost savings. As a reminder, we have priced to offset dollar cost increases. This has a dilutive impact on our adjusted gross margin and is the primary driver of our projected compression. We expect our adjusted operating income to decline 11% to 9% in constant currency. In addition to our gross margin impacts I just mentioned, this projection also includes our CCI-led cost - total cost savings target of approximately $85 million and a low single-digit increase in brand marketing investments compared to 2021. We are projecting our 2022 adjusted effective income tax rate to be approximately 22%. This outlook is expected to be a year-over-year headwind to our 2022 adjusted earnings per share of approximately 2%. We are projecting our 2022 adjusted earnings per share to be in the range of $2.63 to $2.68 as compared to $3.05 in 2021. This projection includes a $0.02 unfavorable impact from the divestiture of the Kitchen Basics business. As we currently progress in our fourth quarter, we are confident in delivering our 2022 outlook, continuing our strong top line growth trajectory and as our guidance implies, delivering fourth quarter operating margin expansion while executing on a focused plan to drive improvement in our cost structure. We are targeting to eliminate at least $100 million of these costs or approximately a 150 basis point impact to our operating margin. With our proven track record of delivering CCI-led savings to fuel growth investments and expand our operating margin, we are leveraging the discipline of the CCI program to aggressively eliminate costs and inefficiencies. Overall, we are confident our focus on profit realization will drive margin improvement. And while parts of our plan to optimize our cost structure, will take longer than others, we expect to begin seeing the benefits of our actions in the first half of 2023. We look forward to sharing more details on progress with you in January when we provide our 2023 outlook.
Lawrence Kurzius: Thank you, Mike. Now that Mike has shared our financial results and outlook in more detail, I'd like to recap the key takeaways as seen on Slide 26. Our third quarter sales performance reflects the strength of our broad global portfolio and the effective execution of our strategies against the backdrop of a volatile operating environment. Our sales growth momentum is strong. Though challenges in our supply chain have taken longer to normalize, we have now passed an inflection point. We have begun to recover the cost inflation that has been outpacing our pricing actions while executing on a plan to aggressively eliminate supply chain costs, and we expect 2022 fourth operating margin expansion and continued improvement into 2023. Our long-term performance, including through periods of volatility and has been industry-leading and long-term fundamentals that drove this historical performance remains strong. We have a proven track record of execution and are confident we will successfully navigate this dynamic environment for our future sustainable growth and build long-term value for our shareholders. Now let's turn to your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Our first question is from the line of Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Ken Goldman: Hi. Thanks so much.
Lawrence Kurzius: Hi. Good morning Ken.
Ken Goldman: Hi. Good morning. You highlighted that you've past the inflection point, right, where your pricing is now ahead of your costs. And this, of course, is natural, right, given the timing and not unexpected. But one of the push-backs we hear in the industry is that larger retail customers, as they start to, I guess, maybe notice these margin trends, they'll start to ask for a bigger piece of the profit pie. So I guess my question is to what extent do you expect sort of these gross margin net tailwinds to be sustainable? Or is it reasonable to expect maybe some pressure from customers as they see their vendors' margins starting to get better?
Lawrence Kurzius: Well, I think that there's always some tension when you're talking about pricing and margins with customers. And so I don't want to get into anything with any one specific customer. But right now, all of our customers recognize that inflation is ongoing, and we continue to have, I'd say, productive pricing discussions with our customers. We just did take another round that is effective here at fourth quarter. And we're really not seeing that kind of push back right now.
Mike Smith: I think the reality, Ken, is we're still recovering. Our pace of pricing has caught up now with cost and we say, we'll recover dollar to dollar in 2023. But there is a trend that is going in the right direction. And obviously, as we look at 2023, we look at what's the cost environment, things like that, we need to go again next year, but that's still -
Lawrence Kurzius: And I think particularly on the Flavor Solutions side of the business, we have - we still have more work to do.
Ken Goldman: Got it. Thank you. And then for my follow-up, you're guiding to at least $100 million of incremental cost savings. It's not a small number. So I just wanted to get a little bit of clarification. How much of that is incremental to ongoing CCI? And how much of that is derived from maybe a normalization of certain factors such as inventories versus what you would consider more, I guess, discrete savings beyond that?
Lawrence Kurzius: Well, first of all, all of this is incremental to our normal CCI program are using the processes and the organization Alpha Drives or CCI program to actually execute on these. This is incremental savings that we are and although some of the - you know I would characterize as a one-time take out the - it goes straight to run rate. These are incremental costs that we have incurred due to extensive search capacity, some of the things we talked about in our prepared remarks. So overtime, temporary labor and efficient shift, excessive use of CO-packers, a lot of premium transportation charges, we do expect to get that out of our system, get back to our pre-pandemic operating standards. And we would expect - while this is a one-time takeout, it goes straight to run rate.
Ken Goldman: Understood. Thanks so much. Yes, very clear.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Robert Moskow: Hi. Thanks. So Flavor Solutions is really the division that has stumbled the most. I mean, when I look at profit this year compared to like pre-pandemic, it's well below your pre-pandemic levels. So can I assume that most of the $100 million in savings is - or recovery is going to happen there? And then my second question is, I remember years and years ago that the Flavor Solutions had problems because it was trying to do too many things for too many customers. It had spread itself too thin. It needed eventually to have a rationalization of its customer base. And I wanted to make sure that that's not possibly one of the root causes today. You've grown your sales a lot. Do you feel like the organization is capable of still getting back to like 12% operating margin across all of those customers?
Lawrence Kurzius: Yes. I think that stumble is the wrong way to characterize it. I think that we're a bit of a victim of our own success. We've won a lot of new business, and we prioritized keeping our customers in stock and supplying them. And that has put a lot of pressure on our supply chain in a few areas and we've got projects underway to address kind of a normalization of production and through capacity additions. Some of these wins are substantial, and we've had real brick-and-mortar projects that take a couple of years to put into place that are coming online right now and that are going to get at a lot of the extraordinary costs. There's some parts of our business, the 24/7 shifts that we've gotten out of most of our business, we're still doing that in a lot of our that's why I wouldn't say a lot in parts of our Flavor Solutions business, and that is a less efficient ship pattern even though it does get you some capacity to be an example of expensive surge capacity. But we've got new seasonings capacity coming online in the Americas, some of it now, so some of it in the first - early part of 2023. We're starting up a new flavor solutions plant in the U.K. We've got expanded distribution that that's shipping really starting to ship right now. And so I think that we've got a lot going for us in Flavor Solutions to support that strong growth in a more efficient way. As a margin issue on Flavor Solutions, partly is just the way our contractual arrangements work with our customers, there is a pass-through mechanism for the major raw materials that go into their products. There's a lag to it. In times when inflation was 1%, 2%, 3%, that lag really wasn't important. But this year, where it's been double-digit, it has been important. And we are going to catch that up.
Mike Smith: I think remember, we've talked about this before, over half of the dilution this year is due to the cost versus pricing. So that's just the math that we'll get back over time. Also, these projects, Lawrence mentioned, there's a lot of double running costs as we bring those big projects up like U.K., Peterborough that eventually will go away. So that will help the margins, too. To your point, though, about - are we spread too thin? I actually have to flavor division back in 2005 when that was identified, there's no comparison to today. It's really focus and Lawrence, why dont you
Lawrence Kurzius: I was just going to say, Mike, one thing I would add there, Rob, is the composition and the profile of our business is so different to 2005. And this - our strategy to keep driving and evolving the business towards that higher value-added portfolio is what you're seeing in our business portfolio today. And so there's a very different, I think, set of conditions compared to the point you referenced. And we have done a lot of portfolio pruning behind the scenes as we - especially as we went through these last three years, where the extraordinary growth that we have in the parts of the business that we're focused on more than made up for parts of the business where we were getting out of low-margin high-touch businesses. And I think it's been a self-reinforcing strategy. The migration of our business more and more towards the value-added, technically insulated and flavor end of the spectrum has made our product wins stickier and our R&D teams more able to work on new business not focused on constantly re-winning bid business.
Robert Moskow: Great. I'm sorry to bring up 2005, but we're all old and we all remember it. So maybe just one follow-up. Of the $70 million or so of profit decline this year in Flavor Solutions, can you quantify how much of that is just pricing catch-up?
Mike Smith: I would say - I wouldn't - I think the bigger bucket is actually some of the excess costs that we've talked about, and which actually would have driven more sales if we could have supplied it. But the excess cost that we - for the reason we called down our preannouncement was we haven't been able to get those out of the system yet. Yeah, pricing is a bit behind, I mean, the thing that gives us the comfort that we're going to recover more margin Flavor Solutions is because we've seen it in Consumer. The Consumer is turning positive from a gross margin and an operating profit perspective as pricing wave comes through, and you'll see the same in Flavor Solutions. But I don't have the exact number for you.
Robert Moskow: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Steve Powers with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Steve Powers: Yes. Thank you and good morning.
Lawrence Kurzius: Good morning.
Mike Smith: Good morning.
Steve Powers: Picking up on that last thread on the pricing catch up in Flavor Solutions, can you talk a little bit about the expected timing of that and cadence of that? Because it seems like most of it or a good portion of it should be, I think, foreseeable just based on the timing of the contracted adjustments in pricing and contract renewals and that kind of thing. So is it a - should we be expecting a relatively smooth catch-up from here? Or is it - is there a reason to believe that you can - that the catch-up happens on a more accelerated timing.
Lawrence Kurzius: I'd rather describe it more in terms of our gross margin trajectory than to talk about pricing too specifically because I'm worried that it's going to get into things that might have set our customers. But you can see the margin trajectory on this business beginning to turn. We talked about an inflection point. Flavor Solutions margins have been ticking down through the second quarter of the year. They're turning - the year-on-year comparison has narrowed in the third quarter and we expect it to continue to narrow and begin a recovery as we go through next year.
Mike Smith: Yes. I think from a dollar perspective, like I said before, for both Consumer and Flavor Solutions business, we will catch up on the cost next year. We just took branded foodservice, that's supported labor solutions along with our consumer business at the beginning of the quarter, that will be a positive going into next year rapidly. So yes, there's no like one thing bag you catch up. It's over time, but in 2023, we will catch up.
Steve Powers: Okay. Okay. And on the manufacturing start-up costs are those - I guess, what inning are we in there? And how much of that remains versus is in the rearview?
Lawrence Kurzius: I would say - I mean, from a - you're always going to have some of these programs to say that. So, you're always going to have some of this, I think this year is kind of a high watermark that we should get some get in next year. But some of these programs take a bit of time to get fully, fully done. These are big programs. I mean the project we just shipped our first panel thats marked down out of our big Northeast distribution center, but we want to move over time into 2023. We'll be moving parts of our business into that. So, there'll be a bit of inefficiency there. But...
Mike Smith: And I want to just emphasize that the things that we talked about on the call in terms of getting out the - on our prepared remarks in terms of getting at the cost for example. So, I don't want to overly focus on any one particular thing and give it too much weight. We were sharing examples and when we next report in January, we'll be able to give some progress updates on those exact examples as well as for other actions.
Steve Powers: Okay. Thank you. If I could, just one little housekeeping, sorry if I missed it but - just was there anything notable that caused - that resulted in reported EBIT this quarter coming in above what you had preannounced at quarter close, just anything as you close the books that was...
Lawrence Kurzius: Like I said, we've preannounced, we haven't closed our books yet. So these are all estimates and we felt pretty good where we landed. There was a couple of things. Tax came in a little bit more favorable at about penny, some other SG&A things came in a little bit more favorable, but nothing material
Steve Powers: No wonder.
Lawrence Kurzius: And right where we thought.
Mike Smith: Yes. I mean when we preannounced it was say -
Lawrence Kurzius: We had a little bit more visibility on the sales versus profit and between Q3 and Q4, there's a little shift.
Steve Powers: Yes, okay. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Chris Growe with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Chris Growe: Thank you. good morning.
Lawrence Kurzius: Hi, good morning, Chris. How are you?
Chris Growe: No worries. No, thank you for accommodating my question. I appreciate it. I just wanted to get a couple of, I guess, follow-up questions. I just want to be sure on that lag in pricing in Flavor Solutions. When we talked some of the pass along features of that business, that had typically been like a one quarter lag, is that still the case? Or have you caught up now when you talk about pricing being over inflation at is, have you caught up with that? And I guess, I just want to also understand, was that a factor weighing on profit in the quarter? Or was it more just the supply chain challenges?
Lawrence Kurzius: Well, of course, it was a factor weighing on profit in the quarter end and has been all year. Again, every customer has got to sell different contractual arrangements. I think about a quarter lag is a good way to think about it. But remember, costs keep coming in. I mean we didn't just get cost inflation on January 1 and price for it. These costs have been steadily increasing all year, and in fact, continue to increase. The inflationary outlook has not settled. So there's been a bit of a - we've gotten - we've passed costs there, but there's been a bit of chasing it as new as costs have continued to go up. I'm going to let Brendan comment on this a little further.
Brendan Foley: Well, it's true. I think just the thing I would key in on is there is unlike, let's say, our consumer and our Flavors - our branded foodservice business, there's not sort of one moment in time where that pricing is, therefore, effective in the business. And so that's another way to maybe think about it, Chris. And I think just to build on part of your question, certainly, supply chain, as we've been talking about quite a bit in the prepared remarks, we're certainly an influence on how we're looking at that. 
Chris Growe: Okay. Thank you for that. And then just to understand if I'm hearing it properly, but like the pricing should accelerate in the fourth quarter, it sounds like there will be, again, some continued catch-up in pricing, I guess that's true for Flavor Solutions. I think about Consumer, is that one where we should expect incremental pricing based on what you've announced so far, not asking for anything new there. But I also want to understand maybe how you're utilizing promotional spending there as a means of trying to trying to attack those price gap issues in some areas of the business there?
Lawrence Kurzius: I think you've got - I'm going to try and unpack that in pieces. We have been guiding all year. And it - and you can see it coming through now and not just in our reported numbers, but also through the scanner. But we would have more pricing in effect in the second half of the year, especially going into the fourth quarter than we have - than we did in the early part of the year. We've - in the Americas this year, taken a number of rounds of pricing that included the most recent one being here right at the beginning of the fourth quarter. And so there is more pricing in effect now about our consumer business primarily there. And so you can see that coming through now. And really, other than the contractual windows that we were just talking about in Flavor Solutions, we largely have our actions for this year in place and we're looking ahead to 2023 now. I think that in Asia, we've got one more round that goes into effect actually this month. But really, our 2022 actions are away. And I gave such a long answer to that, but I forgot the second part of your question, but I'm going to let Brendan answer it.
Brendan Foley: So I think where you were going was just looking for some context around promotional spending. And I think the context we would provide is as we go into the holiday, we feel really good about our supply. We have a strong program planned for the holiday season as we would every year. But it certainly feels, I think, a little bit more robust now compared to, let's say, 2021 and 2020 just because we're in a better situation from the standpoint of the overall context in the market. So, we are turning back on promotions where we feel really confident about supply, and we're looking at the holiday season that way. Those choices are not necessarily connected to any pricing decisions we're making in the market, but really to support of the business. And helping to drive the category for our retailers.
Lawrence Kurzius: Yes. And I would say that our supply situation on the consumer business going to holiday is the best it's been in the last several years.
Chris Growe: Thats great. Thanks for all that context. I appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Good morning everybody.
Mike Smith: Hi.
Lawrence Kurzius: Good morning, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar: Maybe to start off, I think when you had preannounced results for the quarter, one of the factors that you had highlighted in the Consumer business was that sort of private label price points at some retailers on shelf had not yet really sort of moved upward leading to some price gaps that get wider maybe than you'd like or had been anticipated. And if I missed this, I apologize. I didn't know if that you've seen any movement there yet or have heard of any movement that's likely to happen on that front.
Lawrence Kurzius: Right. Andrew, no one has asked that yet. So I'm glad that you did not only a very short time since we preannounced. And so we don't have a lot of new information on consumer behavior or on retailer behavior. I'll let Brendan give some color on that, and then I'll take it back.
Brendan Foley: Yes, I think, Andrew, things are largely consistent with what we had discussed or shared broadly within the last four weeks. So, we haven't really seen a lot of new information or data. They seem this price gap seem to be kind of holding in the very same range that we talked about before. And - but we still are a leading supplier of private label into the category and we're passing those price increases along to customers just as we have on branded products and that's a retailer-by-retailer decision, I think, on what gets realized itself. But in the meanwhile, we're still driving a lot of that value programming that we had talked about whether it's not only our messaging, but also we're seeing a lot of lift in some of those parts of our portfolio that tend to drive more value. We offer - our offerings are really across the spectrum that would meet consumers' needs. And we're seeing growth on the premium end, we're seeing growth on the value end. In parts of our business like Gourmet Garden, which tend to be on the premium end, are actually doing really well in this context. And then we see our value sizes like super deal performing very strongly, also off shelf and in the market. And then we're introducing more value into the market through this opening price point worries program. And we're also doing that in other parts of our - in other markets around the world where we're - and many of them were launching re-sealable pouches that are larger than usual and allow consumers to kind of realize more value that way. But that's probably the added context I would share since the last month.
Lawrence Kurzius: Yes. And Andrew, it isn't exactly what you've asked, but it gives - give me a chance to talk about this a little bit. I want to emphasize that we have in our offering items for every price point and every retailer strategy and category from the premium end all the way down to opening price points and private label. And we spent a fair bit of time talking about the consumer that's under pressure and rightly so, we are concerned about pressure on the consumer, especially, the consumers on the lower half of the income spectrum. And we want to make sure that our products are accessible and approachable, but gourmet and premium end of our business is still very strong. And sometimes those price gaps can be exaggerated. And Brendan mentioned large size and super deal. The Nielsen data is a pretty blunt instrument when it reports unit price. It doesn't catch the fact that some of these value packs are really big and carry a high price point. If you adjust that out, the lower size packs that are growing strongly for us and that price gap actually narrows quite a bit.
Andrew Lazar: That's very helpful perspective. And then I know we're running short on time. Just a quick one. Obviously, we're not at a point where you're going to get too specific at all about next year, of course. But with, sort of, the inflection that's starting to happen in pricing, the new cost saves and over - margin recovery actions that you've kind of highlighted today, I guess, consensus already has McCormick, sort of, getting back to what we'll call more of an on-algorithm type of earnings growth next year, particularly as you would deem, I think, a bunch of the things you talked about impacting this year is somewhat more transitory as you improve them going forward. So I didn't know if there were even just any broad comments around that, whether there's a need, you think, to lean in right on the marketing side going into next year, just given whatever the value orientation of the consumer or some of the new product innovations you've got planned? Or just things larger puts and takes that we should sort of think about as given how, I guess, the Street has already started to sort of lock in expectations for next year? Thanks so much.
Lawrence Kurzius: So I will start with the caveat that we're not going to give any guidance for 2023. Right now, I've got - everyone is standing around here with - holding their breath - if I'm going to say something rash about that. But - so it is a bit early for that. And I appreciate saying confidence in the investment community that's reflected in those consensus outlook. But there are some big puts and takes. I'm going to let Mike talk about those.
Mike Smith: Yes. Obviously, a big wild part for next year is the inflation environment. So we're in the process now actually rolling up budgets and things like that, taking a look that drives pricing actions. Obviously, some of the other puts and takes you think about interest expense. Obviously, some of the actions we took this year might be a negative for next year. This cost pro we talked about, which we're going to give you a lot more detail in January. So I'd say, right now, there's so many big moving parts, it would be hard even to give you any guidance about.
Lawrence Kurzius: And frankly, incentive comp has to be rebuilt.
Mike Smith: Right.
Andrew Lazar: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Adam Samuelson: Yes. Thanks. Good morning. So a lot of ground has been covered. I wanted to just come back to Flavor Solutions quickly and just the way you'd characterize, kind of, the business performance on the strong demand. And I guess I'm trying to - volume mix in the quarter was up 80 basis points. And so I'm just trying to get a little bit more color on kind of the pieces within the Flavor Solutions business because it's not really one business. It's a collection of a bunch of them. It would seem from the way you characterized some areas of strength that maybe some of the higher-value flavor businesses were at or below kind of segment average growth? And just, A, is that the right calibration? And B, just any color on the growth of the - some of the different pieces?
Lawrence Kurzius: You know, certainly the pick of the part of it that was weak. We had strong performance on Flavor Solutions in that segment across the globe and really all segments. I'm sorry, I'll that's not to say all regions and all of the pieces of it. Well, maybe a little bit out maybe we did talk about a month ago. I mean some of the challenges on Flavor Solutions this year were cost related to plaque constraints. We could have sold more. We could have had higher volumes than you noted. So, I think from that perspective, some of the actions we've talked about it more capacity will help. But the demand is very strong and is very strong.
Adam Samuelson: Okay. All right. I just - I guess, relative to historical performance of that business, the 80 basis points of volume mix growth. And I know there's noisiness in the comps with COVID recovery and it's a lumpy business that doesn't always - usually that business could be stronger than 80 basis points of volume mix. So I'm trying to get the calibration of that.
Lawrence Kurzius: Yes. We had enormous price [indiscernible] 10% pricing, we feel pretty good about.
Adam Samuelson: Okay. And then just quickly on SG&A, and you alluded to in - think about '23 a little bit. But it would seem like the way the gross margin and EBIT guidance lays out implied for the fourth quarter that total SG&A is going to be down high single digits. A, is that kind of the right calibration? And within that, just how much is incentive comp resetting lower talk about kind of the declines in SG&A dollars that you've seen this year?
Mike Smith: Yes. I mean, SG&A, you're right, it's going to be down in the quarter, and it's primarily driven by the incentive comp. We're also getting higher fixed cost leverage, too, as you think about it, but - yes.
Adam Samuelson: So is most of that decline in incentive comp as we think about the headwind that would be rolling into next year?
Mike Smith: I mean we adjust incentive comp every quarter, so I wouldn't take one quarter to then try to extrapolate the next year.
Adam Samuelson: Okay. All right. I appreciate the color. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question is from the line of Peter Galbo with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Peter Galbo: Hi guys. Good morning. Just two really quick ones for me. Maybe just to pick up on Adam's question there. Mike, I just wanted to clarify, the operating margin comment for the fourth quarter of operating margin expansion, that was a year-over-year comment in the fourth quarter, not a sequential?
Lawrence Kurzius: I think both.
Peter Galbo: Both. Okay. That's helpful. And then just a broader question on the - just thinking about the cost savings for next year. I know we spent a lot of time talking about that. But just as we think about like repatriating production, surge capacity coming down, normalizing inventory levels. Like is there a way to quantify, I would imagine the there's probably a volume impact that comes with that. You'll get the benefit on the cost side, but maybe there's an offset a little bit, at least on topline on volume. Is there any way to quantify that at this point?
Lawrence Kurzius: No, I don't think that's what we're saying at all. And I think we've quantified the cost benefit, but I don't think that there's an impact on volume at all. I mean this is a normalization and that we went through this year. And I don't think that has an impact. Now of course, we kind of don't want to get into 2023 guidance. But whatever - that would all be reflected in whatever guidance we give for next year. And I do want to emphasize that we've spent a lot of time talking about supply chain in our remarks and on the Q&A here. But you know, I do want to be clear that what's the most important thing I'm glad you really brought this point up about volume, is that the continued growing demand for flavor and the strong growth of our business that we're fueling with executing on our strategies, and with our passionate and engaged employees is the most important thing. Inflation is a reality and our pricing has caught up with it, we're seeing that coming through in the margin sale, you can see it, you know, see us keep caught up and take the actions that are necessary. And then comes supply chain, that's really kind of the third most important thing, which is to eliminate the excessive costs and inefficiencies that have crept into the supply chain. So I do want to keep that in perspective, that growth is still at the top of the heap.
Peter Galbo: Fair enough. Thanks very much guys.
Lawrence Kurzius: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I'll turn the floor over to management for closing remarks.
Lawrence Kurzius: Great, thank you. McCormick's alignment with consumer trends and the rising demand for flavor in combination with the presence and reach for global portfolio and our strategic investments, provide a strong foundation for sustainable growth. We're disciplined in our focus on the right opportunities and investing in our business. We're continuing to drive further growth as we successfully execute on our long term strategies actively respond to changing consumer behavior and capitalize on opportunities from a relative strength. We continue to be well positioned for continued success and remain committed to driving long term value for our shareholders.
Kasey Jenkins: Thank you, Lawrence. And thanks to everybody for joining today's call. If you have any further questions on today's information, please feel free to contact me. And this concludes this morning's call. Thank you, again.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-06-29 08:00:00) =====
Kasey Jenkins: Good morning. This is Kasey Jenkins, Chief Strategy Officer and Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you for joining today's second quarter earnings call. To accompany this call, we posted a set of slides at ir.mccormick.com. With me this morning are Lawrence Kurzius, Chairman and CEO; Brendan Foley, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Mike Smith, Executive Vice President and CFO. During this call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. The nature of those non-GAAP financial measures and the related reconciliations to the GAAP results are included in this morning's press release and slides. In our comments, certain percentages are rounded. Please refer to our presentation for complete information. Today's presentation contains projections and other forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from those projected. The Company undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether because of new information, future events or other factors. Please refer to our forward-looking statements on Slide 2 for more information. I will now turn the discussion over to Lawrence.
Lawrence Kurzius: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. I'd like to start by welcoming Brendan to this morning's call. In addition to his continuing role as President of our Global Consumer business, Brendan now has responsibility for our business worldwide in his newly appointed role as President and COO. At the end of our prepared remarks, I may ask him to weigh in on some of your questions. McCormick's long-term performance, including through the pandemic and other volatility has been industry-leading and met or exceeded our financial objectives. Broadly, our results in the second quarter were in line with our sales and profit expectations despite certain global challenges, including a greater-than-expected level of high cost inflation and supply chain challenges, significant disruption in China from COVID-related lockdowns and the conflict in Ukraine. As our second quarter progressed, the dynamics of these conditions intensified and negatively impacted our sales and profit results. Before discussing our second quarter results in more detail, I'd like to comment on each of these, starting on Page 5. Consistent with the rest of the industry, high cost inflation and supply chain are continuing challenges. To partially offset cost pressures, we've taken multiple pricing actions and, as planned, we are raising prices again. Inflation continued to escalate, and we've adjusted our upcoming pricing actions accordingly. We appreciate our customers working with us to navigate this environment. Additionally, our plans to mitigate cost pressures include our CCI-led cost savings, revenue management initiatives and reducing discretionary spend where possible. We expect our pricing actions and other levers to begin to outpace cost pressures late in the third quarter, with higher cost and higher offsetting pricing actions than we expected on our last call, which further weights our 2022 profit to the second half of the year. We plan to fully offset cost pressures over time. In China, during the second quarter, there was significant unanticipated disruption in consumption due to severe COVID-related lockdowns in Shanghai and other cities throughout China. China is our second biggest sales country, with operations in Shanghai, Guangzhou and Wuhan. Our Shanghai operation produces approximately 40% of our total China sales, which are distributed throughout the country and supports both of our segments. And as a reminder, our branded food service demand is included in our Consumer segment in China. The lockdowns lasted roughly 75 days, with our Shanghai plant forced to close for two weeks at the onset, with employees living in the facility. Once we were able to reopen, we were impacted by lockdown-related labor shortages due to workers being quarantined. During April and May, we incurred significant incremental manufacturing and transportation costs to supply our customers. In addition, as restaurants largely closed and consumers unable to shop for extended periods in our strongest geographies, we experienced significant demand softness as well. Market conditions in China have also allowed very little opportunity to increase prices. While we are currently experiencing the short-term pressure, we continue to believe in the long-term growth trajectory of our business in China, but we will not be able to recover the sales and profit impact we experienced in this fiscal year. Finally, regarding the conflict in Ukraine, in mid-March, we suspended operations in Russia, and our operations in Ukraine were paused. These countries account for less than 1% of our overall business. We have recently decided to exit our Consumer business in Russia. Now for more detail on our second quarter results, starting with sales on Slide 7. Sales declined 1% from the second quarter of last year, including an unfavorable impact from currency. Our constant currency sales were comparable to last year, with growth from pricing actions offset by a decline in volume and product mix. The volume decline was impacted unfavorably by several discrete items, including a 1% impact from the China consumption disruption and the conflict in Ukraine I just mentioned, a 1% impact from the exit of low-margin business in India and a 2% impact from lapping the U.S. trade inventory replenishment during last year's second quarter. Excluding these items, our sales performance would have been 4% growth, reflecting the strength of our broad global portfolio and effective execution of our strategies and pricing actions. While growth in both segments was impacted by the discrete items, they were more impactful to our Consumer segment. Notably, our growth in Flavor Solutions was outstanding. Comparisons to 2021 and 2020 remain difficult due to the dramatic shift in consumer consumption between at-home and away-from-home experienced in the second quarter of the last two years. Using 2019 as a pre-pandemic baseline, second quarter sales have grown at a constant currency compounded annual growth rate, or CAGR, of 6%. Moving to profit. Adjusted operating income was down 33% or 32% in constant currency and adjusted earnings per share was down 30%. The adjusted operating income comparison includes 7% unfavorable impact from the disruption to China's consumption and the conflict in Ukraine. Although we anticipated the profit driven by sales growth in the second quarter would be more than offset by higher inflation and broad-based supply chain challenges, the impact was greater than expected due to continuing cost escalation. While this pressured second quarter profit, we expect to mitigate this impact later this year. Now moving to second quarter business updates for each of our segments. Starting with our Consumer segment on Slide 9, our second quarter sales reflect the impact of our pricing actions in all three regions. In the Americas, our first wave of pricing was phased in during our fourth quarter of last year, the second wave during the second quarter in April, and the third wave will go into effect at the end of the third quarter. With the first wave, we saw a very low level of elasticity. With the second wave, we are seeing more price elasticity, although still below historical levels. While consumer spending has remained strong, consumers are now under significant pressure for broad-based inflation, notably fuel prices and other macro factors. As we look ahead and our additional pricing actions are phased in, the elasticity we experienced may change, but we still expect the impact to be lower than historical levels. Overall, our pricing actions in EMEA and APZ are on track and our elasticity impacts are similar to the Americas. In EMEA and APZ, pricing timing varies by market within each region. In some markets, particularly in EMEA, there are regulatory guidelines on when we take pricing, which generally creates a lag in the timing of pricing compared to the Americas. In this unprecedented environment, however, we are taking additional action in markets across the EMEA. Now for some further highlights by region, starting Americas. Our total U.S. branded portfolio consumption, as indicated by our IRI consumption data and combined with unmeasured channels, grew 1%. And over the last three years, since 2019, consumption has grown at a three-year CAGR of 7%, which highlights how the sustained shift in consumer consumption continues to drive increased demand for our products and outpace pre-pandemic levels. In the Americas, a sales decline in the second quarter included the impact of lapping a 4% over-shipment of consumption to replenish retailer inventories in the second quarter of last year. Our second quarter shipments this year were in line with our consumption change. Demand has remained high, and we are realizing the benefit of the manufacturing capacity we added as well as our increased resilience. However, some products remain stressed by sustained high demand. Shelf conditions continue to improve, as seen in our recipe mix share performance of another quarter of share gain. Our spices and seasoning share was pressured during the quarter by the shortage of certain packaging materials as well as certain organic spices. Some of these have been resolved and some will remain ongoing. We continue to use our category and revenue management capability to strengthen our spices and seasoning portfolio and optimize the category performance for both McCormick and our retailers. The strength of our brands and our category leadership has recently won us new distribution which we will begin to realize later this year. In EMEA, we continue to have strong share performance in most categories and markets. During the second quarter, we lapped strong year-ago consumption, partially due to last year's COVID-related restrictions throughout EMEA, where restrictions extended longer than other regions. Our Vahine brand of homemade dessert products in France, a product line unique to our EMEA region, was most impacted as recently we've seen baking returned to a more pre-pandemic baseline level. In other categories in the region, we believe there has been a step-up in consumption. And in the Asia-Pacific region, in addition to the consumption disruption in China, second quarter growth was impacted by the exit of low-margin business in India. At the end of last year, we decided to exit our rice business, the Kohinoor brand, to enable the region to focus on our higher-margin core category. Turning to Flavor Solutions on Slide 10. Our sales performance for the quarter was outstanding, with both pricing and volume growth contributing. We drove double-digit growth in both the at-home and away-from-home parts of our portfolio. Looking at our Flavor Solutions growth over the past three years, since the COVID-19 restrictions caused dramatic second quarter comparisons in '20 and '21, our sales CAGR is 8%, largely driven by volumes. Our pricing actions increased sales in all three regions. Broadly, pricing actions in the branded foodservice part of our portfolio followed the same cadence as those in each region in Consumer business. In the rest of our Flavor Solutions business, pricing is based on contractual windows, with automatic price adjusters in many contracts and the timing is going to vary based on those windows. In this dynamic environment though, with costs escalating so quickly, we are having discussions outside of those windows and passing costs through faster than usual. Higher volumes also contributed to growth in the Americas and EMEA region. Demand has remained strong for certain parts of our business in these regions. Our supply chain is being pressured to meet this demand and we are still taking on some extraordinary costs to service our customers. We appreciate our customers working with us through this pressure. In the Americas, where our customer base is skewed more to packaged food and beverage customers, our at-home customers, strong growth was driven by flavors for savory snacks as well as performance nutrition and health applications with these customers. In EMEA, our customer base is more skewed to quick service restaurants or QSRs, and our strong QSR momentum contributed to growth in all markets, partially driven by expanded distribution. Branded foodservice growth was strong in both the Americas and EMEA regions, driven by restaurant and institutional food service customers. Demand continues to strengthen in this channel, particularly as travel accelerates and restaurants benefit from consumers shifting to take-away and delivery. Overall, our Flavor Solutions sales demand and growth momentum continues to be strong. Now let me expand on our growth platform and positioning in the current environment. Turning to Slide 11. Global demand for flavor remains the foundation of our sales growth, and we have intentionally focused on great fast-growing categories that will continue to differentiate our performance. We are capitalizing on the long-term consumer trends that accelerated during the pandemic: healthy and flavorful cooking increased digital engagement, trusted brands and purpose-minded practices. These long-term trends and the rising global demand for great taste are as relevant today as ever, but the younger generations fueling them at a greater rate. McCormick is uniquely positioned to capitalize on this demand for great taste, with the breadth and reach of our global flavor portfolio we are delivering flavor experiences for every meal occasion through our products and our customers' products. We are end-to-end flavor. We continue to make investments to sustainably meet the growing demand and to fuel further growth. In our global supply chain, we increased our capacity with our recently opened U.K. Peterborough Flavor Solutions manufacturing facility and have begun our expansion of FONA's footprint to support future flavor growth. We are also increasing our capacity in the fast-growing hot-sauce category and investing in seasoning capacity to support increased demand and strengthen resiliency. As we've said, with the sustained level of high consumer demand, we're benefiting from the manufacturing capacity we've added. While we still experienced disruptions in the supply chain, they are much more specific mainly from a transportation and packaging supply standpoint. We experienced the peak disruption in the third quarter of last year. And with every month, the supply chain continues to get better, we feel good about the progress we're making. We are strategically investing behind our brands to drive growth, including in brand marketing, as we did throughout the pandemic with our three-year brand marketing CAGR approximating our consumer segment sales CAGR for the same period. We're pivoting our messaging to emphasize to consumers how our products help them stretch their grocery dollar. For instance, we're launching a digital messaging highlighting the value of our product by making a great flavorful meal economically. We add flavor for only pennies per serving and recipes like our 30-minute Taco Casserole are family and budget-friendly answers to what's for dinner. We continue to invest in new products. In our Consumer segment, we are responding to new consumer behaviors, like increased at-home lunches. For instance, our new patent pending French's Creamy Mustard is off to a great start. We're sensitive to the needs of price-conscious consumers, not just in these challenging economic times, but every day. Our portfolio includes branded items to accommodate consumers' needs and provide solutions for everyone at every price point as well as private label products. Our new product launches include additional entry-level price point product for affordability and larger sizes of key high usage items for better value. While we are still seeing strong consumer spending, we know that inflation is a significant concern for consumers, more so than COVID. We're leveraging our proprietary research, which served us well during the pandemic, to monitor for any signals of changing behavior. Our research continues to indicate consumers are going to cook as much at home or more than they did during the pandemic for many reasons. One of them is that they find it more economical. To the extent there is a recession, it further reinforces cooking at home, and we know from our past sales performance that our categories and brands perform well during a recessionary period. Now for some summary comments on Slide 13 before turning it over to Mike. We remain focused on the long-term goals, strategies and values that have made us so successful. We have grown and compounded that growth over the years regardless of the environment, the long-term fundamentals that drove our industry-leading historical performance remains strong. The strength of our business value of our products and capabilities and the execution of our proven strategies by our experienced leaders while adapting to changes accordingly gives us confidence, in our growth momentum and in our ability to navigate a challenging global environment. Despite the pressures we experienced in the second quarter, we are well positioned and confident in delivering strong performance in 2022 and beyond, while driving sustainable long-term value for our shareholders. McCormick employees continue to do a great job navigating a dynamic environment. Their agility and their teamwork drive our momentum and success, and I want to thank them for their dedicated efforts and engagement. And now, I'll turn it over to Mike.
Mike Smith: Thanks, Lawrence, and good morning, everyone. Starting on Slide 15. Our top line constant currency sales were comparable to the second quarter of last year, reflecting 7% growth from pricing actions, offset by a 7% decline in volume and product mix. Excluding the 4% impact of the discrete item Lawrence mentioned earlier, our sales performance would have reflected 4% growth. Consumer segment sales declined 7% in constant currency. The impact from lapping the U.S. trade inventory replenishment, the consumption disruption in China, the exit of low-margin business in India and the conflict in the Ukraine contributed 6% to that decline. The remaining 1% decline was due to lower volume, partially offset by pricing actions. On a three-year basis, our second quarter constant currency sales CAGR was 4%. On Slide 16, consumer sales in the Americas declined 4% in constant currency, driven by lower volume and mix, partially offset by pricing actions. This decline is attributable to lapping trade inventory replenishments in the second quarter of last year. Over the past three years, constant currency sales in the Americas grew at a CAGR of 7%. In EMEA, constant currency consumer sales declined 11%, primarily due to lapping high year-ago demand driven by COVID-related lockdowns, the most significant impact of which was lower sales of Vahine homemade dessert products. A 1% unfavorable impact from lower sales in Russia and Ukraine also contributed to the decline. Pricing actions in all markets partially offset the lower volume. Over the past three years, EMEA's constant currency sales grew at a 3% CAGR. Constant currency consumer sales in the Asia-Pacific region declined 18%, including a 20% unfavorable impact from the consumption disruption in China as well as the exit of low-margin business in India. Pricing actions in all markets across the region partially offset this unfavorable impact. On a three-year basis, APZ's second quarter constant currency sales CAGR was a 7% decline, driven by the China and India impact I just mentioned. Excluding this impact, sales grew at a 5% CAGR over the past three years. Turning to our Flavor Solutions segment in Slide 19. We grew second quarter constant currency sales 11% due to pricing actions as well as higher volume and mix. This growth was partially offset by a 1% decline in sales related to the combined impact of the China disruption and the conflict in Ukraine. Second quarter constant currency sales for the last three years grew at an 8% CAGR. In the Americas, Flavor Solutions' constant currency sales grew 12%, driven by both pricing and the combination of volume and mix. Higher sales to packaged food and beverage companies with particular strength in snack seasonings led the growth, with higher demand from branded foodservice customers also contributing to growth. Over the past three years, constant currency sales in the Americas grew at a CAGR of 8%. In EMEA, we drove 19% constant currency sales growth with a 14% increase in volume and mix and 5% related to pricing actions. EMEA's Flavor Solutions growth, excluding a 1% decline related to the conflict in Ukraine, was broad-based across its portfolio, led by strong growth with QSR and branded foodservice customers. Over the past three years, EMEA's constant currency sales grew at a 10% CAGR. In the Asia-Pacific region, Flavor Solutions sales declined 6% in constant currency. The decline was driven by a 7% impact from lower volume in China due to the COVID-related restrictions, partially offset by pricing actions in all markets across the region. APZ grew constant currency sales at a 3% CAGR over the past three years. As seen on Slide 23, adjusted gross profit margin declined 550 basis points in the second quarter versus the year ago period. Realizing this is a sizable compression, I will spend a moment on the significant drivers. Let me start with the drivers we anticipated. First, nearly half of this decline, approximately 250 basis points, is due to the dilutive impact of pricing to offset our dollar cost increases. We focus on gross profit dollars. This impact was more significant than in the first quarter because of the higher level of pricing in the second quarter. Product mix was unfavorable as compared to the second quarter of last year. In our Consumer segment, as we mentioned earlier, we are lapping strong U.S. spices and seasonings growth related to the inventory replenishment. In our Flavor Solutions segment, sales growth in our away-from-home products was higher than our at-home products and we are lapping strong sales of beverage flavors last year. A sales shift between our Consumer and Flavor Solutions segments also contributed to the unfavorable product mix. In our Flavor Solutions segment, as we mentioned in our last earnings call, gross margin was unfavorably impacted by start-up and dual running costs as we transitioned production to our new U.K. Peterborough manufacturing facility. Of note, CCI-led cost savings partially offset the impacts I just walked through and we are on track to deliver our expected savings of $85 million for the full year. In addition to the net impact of the anticipated items I just detailed, gross margin was also unfavorably impacted by the following items: As Lawrence discussed, cost inflation and supply chain pressures escalated during the second quarter impacting our results more than expected, primarily related to transportation costs and faster-turning materials. While we have adjusted our upcoming pricing actions to reflect that escalation and we plan to fully offset cost pressures over time, our second quarter gross margin compression reflects the usual lag associated with pricing. We expect pricing to begin outpacing the cost pressures later this year and continue into next year. Our cost recovery will vary by region and segment. Currently, our pricing lag is more significant in our Flavor Solutions segment. Lawrence previously mentioned we have incremental costs to meet strong demand for certain parts of our Flavor Solutions business, thus impacting our gross margin. And finally, as already mentioned, significant cost due to the COVID-related restrictions in China had an unfavorable impact to profit. Moving to Slide 24. Selling, general and administrative expenses were lower than the second quarter of last year and as a percentage of net sales declined 20 basis points. The decline was driven by lower employee benefit and brand marketing expenses as well as discretionary spending reductions, partially offset by higher distribution costs. The decline in brand marketing investments was driven by China and Russia reductions. Importantly, across our other markets, we invested in brand marketing at a comparable level to last year. The net impact of the factors I just mentioned resulted in a decline in adjusted operating income, which excludes special charges, of 33% compared to the second quarter of 2021. In the Consumer segment, adjusted operating income declined 29%. And in the Flavor Solutions segment, it declined 40%. A 1% unfavorable impact from currency is included in each of these declines. Turning to income taxes on Slide 25. Our second quarter adjusted effective tax rate was 18.6% compared to 22.2% in the year ago period, driven by a higher level of discrete tax items this year. At the bottom line, please turn on Slide 26, second quarter 2022 adjusted earnings per share was $0.48 as compared to $0.69 for the year ago period. The decrease was driven by our lower adjusted operating income. On Slide 27, we summarize highlights for cash flow and the quarter-end balance sheet. Our cash flow from operations was $154 million through the second quarter of 2022 compared to $229 million through the second quarter of 2021. This decrease was primarily driven by lower net income. Cash flow from operations will be weighted to the second half of the year, similar to our profit growth. We returned $198 million of cash to our shareholders through dividends and used $102 million for capital expenditures through the second quarter. We expect 2022 to be a year of strong cash flow driven by profit and working capital initiatives. And our priority is to continue to have a balanced use of cash, funding investments to drive growth, returning a significant portion to our shareholders through dividends and paying down debt. Now turning to our 2022 financial outlook on Slide 28. As a reminder, last quarter, the conditions in Russia, Ukraine and China were just unfolding and cost inflation and supply chain challenges remain dynamic and fast moving. Today, we have a better view of the macro environment and our guidance for the full year considers the greater impact from these items. In addition, and as noted previously, we have always expected our profit growth to be weighted to the second half of the year. We now expect it to be even more so. We are projecting strong top line growth with profit impacted by the global challenges I just mentioned. We also expect there will be an estimated two-percentage point unfavorable impact of currency rates on sales, adjusted operating income and adjusted earnings per share, an increase from our previous estimate of one-percentage point unfavorable. On the top line, we now expect to grow constant currency sales 5% to 7%. We expect sales to be driven primarily by pricing, which will accelerate significantly in the second half versus the first half. While we anticipate volume and product mix to be impacted by increasing elasticity, we expect elasticity to remain at a lower rate than historical levels. Our volume and product mix will also continue to be impacted by the pruning of lower-margin business from our portfolio as well as the impact of demand disruptions in China and Ukraine. We plan to drive continued growth through the strength of our brands as well as our category management, brand marketing, new product and customer engagement growth plans. We are now projecting our 2022 adjusted gross profit margin to be 200 basis points to 150 basis points lower than 2021. Given the rapidly escalating cost environment, cost pressures have outpaced our pricing and future actions have been adjusted to reflect the higher cost level. This adjusted gross margin compression reflects the impact of a high teens increase in cost inflation, an unfavorable impact of sales mix between segments and favorable impacts from pricing and CCI-led cost savings. As a reminder, we price to offset dollar cost increases. We focus on gross profit dollars. This has a dilutive impact on our adjusted gross margin and is the primary driver of our projected compression. We now expect to grow our adjusted operating income 2% to 4% in constant currency. In addition to the gross margin impacts I just mentioned, this projection also includes our CCI-led cost savings target of approximately $85 million and brand marketing investments comparable to 2021 which reflects reductions in China and Russia. Considering the year-to-date impact from discrete items as well as our estimated mix of earnings by geography, we now project our 2022 adjusted effective income tax rate to be approximately 22%. This outlook is expected to be a year-over-year headwind to our 2022 adjusted earnings per share of approximately 2%. We are lowering our 2022 adjusted earnings per share expectations to a range of $3.03 to $3.08. This compares to $3.05 of adjusted earnings per share in 2021 and represents a decline of 1% to an increase of 1% or in constant currency, growth of 1% to 3%. This reflects our lower adjusted operating profit outlook and an expected $15 million benefit from the impact of optimizing our debt portfolio. In addition, we are well positioned with our broad and advantaged flavor portfolio and effective growth strategies to continue our operating momentum and drive another year of strong performance.
Lawrence Kurzius: Thank you, Mike. Now that Mike has shared our financial results and outlook in more detail, I'd like to recap the key takeaways, as seen on Slide 29. Our long-term performance has been industry-leading and met or exceeded our objectives, including through volatile environments. The long-term fundamentals that drove this historical performance remained strong. Several discrete items unfavorably impact our sales comparison to the second quarter of last year. Excluding these impacts, our sales performance reflects the strength of our broad global portfolio, the effective execution of our strategies and our pricing actions. Our sales growth momentum is strong. Persistent high cost inflation and supply chain challenges intensified as the second quarter progressed and unfavorably impacted our profit. Importantly, we expect to mitigate this impact in the second half of the year. We're confident that with our broad and advantaged flavor portfolio, effective growth strategies and our ability to navigate challenging environments, we will drive another year of strong performance in 2022 and build value for our shareholders. Now, let's turn to your questions.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we will be conducting a question-and-answer session.  Our first question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Andrew Lazar: I guess, first off, as you talked about, organic sales came in below where The Street was looking for it, though you raised the outlook for organic for the full year. And I appreciate some of the items in 2Q you highlighted were discrete. But maybe you could talk a little bit about, what gives you the confidence in raising the organic guidance for the full year? Are you expecting headwinds in 2Q to become tailwinds in the second half or better momentum in the underlying business? The scanner data has not necessarily showed any meaningful inflection yet that I can see at least on a year-over-year basis. I appreciate the multiyear CAGR of organic sales. So, I'm trying to get a better sense for the underlying confidence in raising the full year organic to start with.
Lawrence Kurzius: Sure, Andrew. Well, first of all, our plan, as we shared on previous calls and conferences, has always been back half-loaded and stronger in the second half than in the first half. And one of the factors driving that is the cadence of our pricing actions. There is twice as much effective pricing in the second half of the year as in the first half of the year. As you can see, right now, for the quarter, our pricing contribution to sales was about 7% and it's significantly higher going into the second half of the year. And that is a big driver of total sales build third quarter, fourth quarter. And that's -- I mean that's the driver of sales. It's also the driver on the operating profit, EPS and so on as we go through. The second thing is that we did not expect the disruption that we had in China in the second quarter. The extent of the lockdown was a surprise to us and I think to everybody. And China is a big contributor to us and we expect a normalization of business in China as we go through the second half. Particularly, we really expect it to be normal by the time we get to fourth quarter. And just our experience with the initial COVID lockdown a couple of years ago tells us that once we get normalization, there's a significant surge in restocking by both the consumer and by our trade channels. And so, we would expect a strong contribution from China in the second half of the year. And then finally, our U.S. and EMEA have less difficult comparisons going in through the second half than they did in the first half of the year, not lapping inventory replenishment that we talked about last year and also not lapping some of the COVID lockdowns that were still in effect, particularly in the second quarter. And finally, we expect continued strong underlying demand from our consumers and our customers that we're continuing to see. Mike, do you have anything you want to add to that? Do you want to add something?
Mike Smith: Yes. I think I'd add that we see a lot of strength in our Flavor Solutions business. We saw that in the second quarter and we know that will continue in the second half. So we certainly think that's going to support, I think, really our outlook for the second half overall. But also we're seeing a lot of new business come through in the back half of the year in both segments. And so we see a lot of strength coming through on that, too. So, the growth again does look even stronger as we move towards the back half.
Andrew Lazar: Great. And then just a quick follow-up. I don't think you mentioned it, I know you did last quarter when you were talking about in the core consumer business, private label, had not yet really had much of a move one way or the other. I don't think you mentioned it this time around. I'm just curious what you're seeing there. Anything of note that we should be aware of?
Lawrence Kurzius: I don't think that there's anything of special note there. We are seeing some trade held by consumers, not just in our category but in other categories that we track. It's no surprise that consumers at the lower end of the income scale particularly are feeling a bit of pressure from inflation, not ours, but inflation across everything. I mean, gas prices are $5 or $6 a gallon, depending on where you live, and that puts pressure on consumers' pocketbook. But I would say that it's still at a pretty low level, particularly when we look at our brands and the elasticity that we're experiencing, it's still significantly below historical levels and it's not a particular concern. I'd say also, I'll add to that, our sales with private label products are certainly an important part of our business but not particularly surging.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ken Goldman with JPMorgan.
Ken Goldman: I just wanted to make sure I heard your commentary about pricing correctly and then I'm doing some basic math, right? You did about, I think, 6% pricing in the first half. You're saying that will double in the second half. And you also, I think, are implying that you need around 10% organic sales growth in the second half to hit your guide. Sorry to do the math on the call, I apologize for putting you on the spot, but are you effectively saying that it's reasonable for us to model maybe 12% pricing overall in the second half with volume maybe down around 2%? Is that  here?
Lawrence Kurzius: Yes, Ken, let me start with that. I'm going to let Mike point in on that. But I think you're in the right neighborhood with those numbers. We took -- first, when I think about the cadence of our increases and the timing of their effectiveness, you're in the right neighborhood when you think about going from 6% to 12% in the second half. I would have that -- again, our next pricing action in the Americas, our largest region, is in August. And so if you're thinking about phasing that, you should have that in mind as well.
Mike Smith: I'd also just add, you're going to see it across both Consumer and Flavor Solutions pretty much at the same level.
Ken Goldman: Great. That's helpful. And then a quick follow-up. It sounds like you mentioned pricing will kind of phase in a little bit over the second half. In this context and given some of the other factors you talked about, how do we think about the cadence of the gross margin improvement in the back half? Should we expect a substantial improvement in 3Q? Is it more 4Q-weighted? Maybe any color you could provide there would be helpful as we think about modeling.
Mike Smith: Ken, this is Mike. That's a great question. We see -- actually, the cost peak year-on-year we see is third quarter and a little bit of moderation in the fourth quarter. We see the pricing obviously growing second to third to fourth. So I think what you'll see is some -- still some gross margin challenges in the third quarter. But in the fourth quarter, the combination impact of that pricing and full benefit there and the cost. And also think about the fourth quarter is our strongest quarter overall from a volume perspective there. And as Lawrence said before, things like China, which we make really the margin on, as that recovers from third into fourth, too, that should be a positive for 4Q.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Powers with Deutsche Bank.
Steve Powers: Yes. So you gave a good deal of bottoms-up color on the incremental headwinds facing the business. So I think I'm clear on that. But I just want to play it back from the top down. Because your overall sales outlook hasn't really changed despite the more adverse currency. You're now expecting a marginally lower tax rate, a marginally lower share count, slightly less brand marketing. And while the expected cost inflation is higher at the high-teens level, it's not outside the balance of the prior outlook. So I guess just -- I just want to isolate and see if you could better define what is exactly driving the reduced operating profit and EPS outlook. It feels like it's the updated outlook on China, Russia, Ukraine and supply conditions above and beyond the normal cost inflation. But I just want to -- I want to confirm that. And if there's a way to quantify or rank order those factors, that would be great.
Lawrence Kurzius: Steve, this is Lawrence. And I think that you -- some of the little things that I think we're going to want to come back and talk about some of those marginal changes that you talked about. But on the big picture item, you've got it exactly right. And in fact, this was part of what we were trying to message at your recent conference. The big change here are the things that were external factors that surprised us and that is what's flowing through.  I'll let Mike walk through the actual fringe on that. But --
Mike Smith: Yes. If you think about our guidance, we're coming down $0.14. If you think about from a China, Russia, Ukraine perspective, that's $0.11 right there. And then FX, as you said, we're going up 1%, that's $0.03. So there's your $0.14. Now we're recognizing that the cost inflation which you mentioned, we had mid to high double digit, we actually moved that to high double digit. So 1% to 2% more cost during the year driven by transportation, packaging, things like that. So that did hurt us in the second quarter. However -- and we're dropping a bit of that through the rest of the year, we have pricing to help mitigate that. And then below the line, some of the things you talked about, tax is a little bit of a help. Some of the interest expense things are going to help offset that. But the big drivers of the external factors -- the one thing I wanted to just correct you on brand or just to give you insight, brand marketing is now flat. However, that is really driven by the reduction in China, Russia, Ukraine and FX. So we're still spending up in our big markets to drive growth.
Steve Powers: Okay. That's helpful. Yes, that's perfect. That's perfect. Just a quick follow-up. On the -- to follow up on, I think, Ken's question, just the cadence of gross margin recovery. Is there anything that you would call out in the second quarter as truly transitory? So is there anything that -- any headwind that you experienced in the second quarter that is kind of unique and discrete to the second quarter that doesn't carry over, at least directionally? Trying to get a sense if there's anything behind you.
Mike Smith: The one thing I'd say, and you're new to our business, but the China business to us is very material. It's our second biggest market. We have three large manufacturing facilities. And the shutdown really put a lot of pressure on our cost there, a lot of extra cost for transportation, loss absorption, things like that. So as that business recovers, obviously, that goes away. I think the other thing, too, is if you think about some of these costs that came up rapidly like transportation and packaging. I mean, fuel cost, if you go back to March, gasoline prices in the quarter versus March were up 25%. That stuff rolls through the P&L very quickly. And pricing will catch up on that, but a one-month lag in pricing could be $30 million to $40 million of impact, which is like $0.10 a share. So we're mitigating that as quickly as we can, but sometimes we see that as kind of stabilizing now. And going forward, like I told you, the third and fourth quarter, where we see our cost outlook. But I think that is -- to your point about what is transitory, what is not, I think that gets the most of it.
Lawrence Kurzius: And Steve, I would really underscore that timing aspect. A one-month difference on the effective date of our price increase, we would be having a different conversation. It would be $0.11, $0.12 of EPS on the quarter. And -- and of course, those price increases are in effect I would just say they  one month earlier. That's what the difference would have been. That's one reason why we're pretty confident that the -- that we're going to catch up with the cost.
Steve Powers: Understood. I just want to play back just real quick Mike's point on China. I get it that China was uniquely detrimental to 2Q, but I don't think you're saying that, that's 100% transitory. That doesn't -- as of June 1, that's not behind you, right? That -- it gets better, but it's not --
Mike Smith: So that's why I said that's going to really help us in the fourth quarter more. It's still -- different levels of openings that are happening now, that will happen throughout the quarter, yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow: Lawrence, in your opening remarks, you said that your research shows that there's -- that consumers will continue to cook as much at home as they did during the pandemic, if not more. And just anecdotally, I find that this year, that's not the case. People are regaining mobility, returning to the workforce, what have you. And you can see it in your numbers, too. So do you have any like kind of real-time insight into how consumers are behaving this year in light of the fact that your category in the U.S., it's much weaker than other packaged foods categories have been tracking.
Lawrence Kurzius: Brendan, I'm going to let you take that one.
Brendan Foley: Yes, sure. Rob, we're -- I guess, just to react to some of the thoughts you just shared there. We're seeing through a lot of our research, also what we're seeing in secondary research out there, is that there's still a heavy level of sustained cooking at home in the data overall, whether we're researching it or we're getting it from some of our suppliers there. We definitely see a sustained level of eating at home. And overall, I would say that the consumer hasn't really changed that much. Now it's performing in our categories, we're seeing it play out in a number of our categories, our recipe mix, hot sauces, we still have a lot of strong sort of consumption growth there. And so we certainly still see it play out. Certainly, there are categories like meat where you see -- you do see some decline going on there. That might affect an item or two here, but we definitely still have a very balanced portfolio where we're seeing still a lot of at-home consumption going on.
Mike Smith: And frankly, historically, you go back, Rob, a long way with us, if a recession does occur, that will drive more people cooking at home. So that bodes well, I think, for our broad portfolio.
Brendan Foley: Our research, I would say is recent in the last 30 days, is telling us that there is still a sustained level.
Lawrence Kurzius: And I mean if you look at our Flavor Solutions business, I mean, clearly, foodservice is strong. Restaurants have reopened. People are not forced to cook at home. But there still seems to be a strong preference in that direction. And actually, as we went through the first half, we saw in the macro data that there was a return to dining away from home and a reduction in cooking at home. But in recent weeks, that has started to turn back the other way, probably driven by economic pressures on consumers. Cooking at home is more economical.  I think for a variety of reasons, we're still pretty optimistic on the whole retention of cooking at home behaviors. There are some pockets that are different. Baking was really largely driven by kids being at home from school. We've seen baking-related items return to the kind of really pre-pandemic levels. That certainly is a part of our European story where our Vahine brand is a big factor. But overall, the general cooking-at-home trend persists and all of those few meal occasions that are food -- home occasions because of people working remotely continue to support that strong consumption.
Robert Moskow: Okay. And then maybe a follow-up for Brendan. As you're talking to the trade about the holiday seasons and the price increases and consumer behavior, what's the reception been like? Is the price increase well understood for seasons, the reasons why? And are they eager to merchandise aggressively during the holiday season?
Brendan Foley: Yes, I think the way our conversations are unfolding with customers and looking at the holiday season is one where you're still looking at, I think, improvement in supply across the season. And that is I think one of the things that underpins really a lot of optimism and strength as we go into the back half, especially as we go into this holiday season. We are certainly communicating a strength in our ability to supply and drive the holiday promotions and displays and everything else. So I would say the conversations with customers have been rather positive and strong and the outlook remains pretty healthy. Underpinned by supply, I would say, is one of the important factors there. With -- related to pricing, I mean, I think we work a lot with our customers in making sure that we're both driving category growth. And so that is a big part of our conversations as well. And -- and again, I think those conversations, and we appreciate the partnership and working with our customers on that. But the outlook, I think, remains very healthy.
Lawrence Kurzius: And again, I'll just underscore that, well, we don't want to get too specific on discussions about pricing because there is customer or competitive considerations there and there is always some natural tension in those discussions. Our customers know that we've taken a long-term perspective on our relationship with them, that we are transparent in the reasons for pricing and they themselves are continuing to experience inflation. That's very broad based on some of the same factors that we are. And so those conversations have continued to be quite constructive.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard with Bernstein.
Alexia Howard: Can I ask about just the global supply chain dynamics. You obviously are sourcing ingredients from many different places around the world, probably more so than other large packaged food companies. I'd just be curious to hear sort of what you're seeing in terms of global supply chain, domestic supply chain. Where are the real pain points for you now? And is there any light at the end of the tunnel?
Lawrence Kurzius: Sure, Alexia. This is actually a -- I'd say our worst disruption on supply chain really was third quarter of last year and has continued to get better incrementally every month. We're not out of the woods by a long shot in terms of normalization. But the really broad scale disruptions that we were experiencing a year ago are behind us and the disruptions are pretty much more discrete factors. I'd say our global sourcing of raw materials from points all around the world for our various markets around the world has been one of our strengths through the whole pandemic experience and the post-pandemic time and continues to be a strength. Our challenges have been more on either predominantly local packaging issues and specific packaged materials from very specific suppliers. Some of them are -- continue to be a sore point. And then there's -- in areas where we have -- there's still some areas where even though we've added a lot of capacity, the demand is still extraordinary and we're pressed to meet the needs of our customers. And those -- and again, those would be in a few very specific areas.
Alexia Howard: And then just as a quick follow-up. There was a comment in the press release about unfavorable mix in Flavor Solutions. How important was that? Because obviously, the profit decline was very marked this quarter. And what drove that? And then I'll pass it on.
Mike Smith: Yes. I mean -- it's Mike. I mean unfavorable mix was one of the factors. If you think on a quarter-to-quarter perspective look back here, really strong performance in some of the higher-margin categories kind of -- and this year, the strongest performance was in the away-from-home versus to at-home. So a little bit -- between those two categories we mixed down a little bit, nothing to be concerned about. As we've talked about, Flavor Solutions can be lumpy based on the products we sell and things like that. But that's part of the reason.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs.
Adam Samuelson: So I was hoping to just maybe try to understand the second half, kind of framing it maybe from a different light. Because it would seem like the full year guidance implies second half operating margins up about 250 basis points year-over-year. I get that there's an incremental pricing actions that benefit and the price cost balance reflect -- will probably flip positively presumably in the fourth quarter. But also that's a dilutive impact to percent margins. Just trying to get a sense of what -- how do we -- notwithstanding some of the discrete things in the May quarter, specifically to the China impact in particular, but we've got volumes that -- demand elasticity that would suggest volumes aren't going to get better. Between businesses, Flavor Solutions is probably growing faster than Consumer. So that's a mix headwind at the corporate level. And I'm just trying to understand kind of how do we get to that magnitude of percent margin improvement in the back half.
Lawrence Kurzius: Adam, I'm going to start and I'm going to let Mike pick it up. Again, I want to let us underscore that there is a big change in the relationship between pricing and cost as we go through the -- as we go through the year. In the second half, we -- price increases begin to overtake the cost increases and rather than trailing or beginning the year, we're recovering the cost increases. That's going to be a big factor between the continued strong demand and having twice as much effect of pricing in the second half as the first half is going to be a really big factor. Mike, do you want to talk --
Mike Smith: There's other factors to add. I mean we really we talk about pricing as a way to offset cost, and we have other levers when we talk about revenue management, our CCI-led cost savings. So we continue to lean hard on driving additional cost savings in this inflationary environment. We see continued strong demand driving that. High-margin products helping us there. So there's a lot of reasons to believe. To your point, though, I mean, between third and fourth quarter, I mean, the fourth quarter is where a lot of this comes to fruition from getting to a positive margin change year-on-year.
Lawrence Kurzius: Yes. I'll add. So we don't expect COVID lockdowns to repeat in China. That's a wildcard. We've been surprised there before, that could happen again. We don't think -- we're not expecting that. But that was a big unfavorable in the first half, particularly in the second quarter that we expect to correct and normalize as we go through the second half.
Adam Samuelson: Okay. So maybe just to help clarify that. As we think about the year-to-date second quarter or year-to-date kind of performance. What's been the realized CCI savings year-to-date relative to the 85% that you talked about for the full year? First -- I don't think I heard a specific number in terms of what the realized cost inflation has been year-to-date just relative to that high teens number that you've targeted or you've expected for the full year. And I guess just any way to help dimensionalize some of the -- you gave the brand marketing piece, but other SG&A, just where that magnitude of kind of tightening  there and how much that can contribute in the second half?
Mike Smith: This is weighted to the second half, and that's all I'm going to say.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Peter Galbo with Bank of America.
Peter Galbo: Lawrence, I just wanted to circle back actually to Andrew's question around private label and going back to the slides, you do have a section here talking about more entry price points. And I'm just curious, is that a response to what you see as impending, more share shifting to private label. And so you feel like you need more entry price points? Or is it something else? You talked about inflating cost baskets and maybe in other categories like proteins. And I noticed here you're talking about entry price points on things like Grill Mates and Lawry's, which tend to be more tied to protein. So just curious to kind of get the thoughts around that.
Lawrence Kurzius: Yes, that really doesnt have anything to do with private label. What it has to do is there's a concern that consumers may be under pressure as we were seeing some early times the consumers may be feeling some economic pressure. It's no secret that things like gas prices are up. Our customers are -- retailer customers are talking about consumers feeling some pressure. And we have some concern that between the inflationary environment and the high risk of inflation -- sorry, that's the wrong word there, the high risk of recession as we go into the second half and even into 2023, that we want to be able to make sure that consumers, especially in the lower half of the income scale, are still being served and have access to our categories. Our goal is to have products that appeal to consumers at every price point across the whole category. And between our new product launches, our brand marketing and our brand marketing activity, we are taking a tone that tries to address that pressure to consumer. We've got -- I know we're kind of hitting time and General Mills is probably talking right now, but Brendan's got a lot of color that he can add on this question and I'd like to give him a chance to.
Brendan Foley: Well, I think, Lawrence Kurzius, I think you hit it largely right. We're trying to make sure that our portfolio and our assortment is really geared towards what consumers are starting to face. And it could very well be price points that are lower in terms of smaller sizes. I would say though, also, there's another dynamic on the other end which is happening, which is we actually see even more consumers switching to larger sizes, looking for more value. And so it's playing out really on both ends. And so those are things that we're reacting to and making sure that we drive even more distribution and items in our assortment that serve those needs and those price points that consumers are looking for.
Peter Galbo: Got it. That's helpful. And maybe just a quick one. Lawrence, you did mention I think that packaging tightness was impacting a certain couple of categories in U.S. season -- spices and seasonings. Just any more color there? What specifically brands or categories we should be looking at just if that starts to improve, would we see a new
Lawrence Kurzius: I don't want to get too specific, but I also don't really want to call out our suppliers with whom we're trying to have a constructive  competitors either for that matter. But we had some trouble with glass for our organic spices in our gourmet range that I think we have resolved now. And we've had some ongoing challenges on some other -- more of the rigid container kind of packaging and mostly in the U.S., frankly.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our question-and-answer session. Mr. Kurzius, I'll turn the floor back to you for any final comments.
Lawrence Kurzius: Thank you. McCormick's alignment with consumer trends and the rising demand for flavor, in combination with the breadth and reach of our global portfolio and our strategic investments, provide a strong foundation for sustainable growth. We're disciplined and are focused on the right opportunities and investing in our business. We're continuing to drive further growth as we successfully execute on our long-term strategy, actively respond to changing consumer behavior and capitalize on opportunities from our relative strength. We are well positioned for continued success and remain committed to driving long-term value for our shareholders.
Kasey Jenkins: Thank you, Lawrence, and thank you to everybody joining today's call. I apologize for those that we didn't get to. If you have any further questions, please reach out to me today. And this concludes this morning's call. Thank you very much. And for those of you in the U.S., have a wonderful holiday weekend, grill a lot. And for those of you in Canada, happy Canada Day. And everybody else, have a great weekend.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-03-29 08:00:00) =====
Kasey Jenkins: Good morning. This is Kasey Jenkins, Senior Vice President of Corporate Strategy and Investor Relations. Thank you for joining today's first quarter earnings call. To accompany this call, we posted a set of slides at ir.mccormick.com. We will begin with remarks from Lawrence Kurzius, Chairman, President and CEO; and Mike Smith, Executive Vice President and CFO, and we'll close with a question-and-answer session. During this call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. The nature of those non-GAAP financial measures and the related reconciliations to the GAAP results are included in this morning's press release and slides. In our comments, certain percentages are rounded. Please refer to our presentation for complete information. In addition, as a reminder, today's presentation contains projections and other forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from those projected. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether because of new information, future events or other factors. Please refer to our forward-looking statements on Slide 2 for more information.  I will now turn the discussion over to Lawrence.
Lawrence Kurzius: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. Before I go to business, it is with great sadness that I mention the passing of Buzz McCormick, who is 1 of the most beloved and admired leaders in McCormick's history. Buzz's career at McCormic span 50 years rising through the ranks across many functions becoming President and CEO in 1987 and serving as Chairman of the Board for a total of 11 years until his retirement for the third time in 1999. As CEO, Buzz focused McCormick on flavor by divesting noncore businesses and driving category leadership in spices and seasonings, setting the course for McCormick to be the global leader in flavor. Notably, McCormick's market cap grew by 4x under his leadership.  Buzz will not only be remembered for his enduring legacy of performance but just as importantly, for his deep commitment to the well-being of all McCormick employees. He truly made McCormick a great place to work, leaving his biggest accomplishment as a CEO is helping all McCormick employees have a better life. Today, as we reflect on his life and its contributions, we know that his legacy will live on. He has inspired many generations of McCormick leaders with his passion for people, focus on flavor and commitment to delivering shareholder value. Next, I'd like to comment on the situation in Ukraine. First and foremost, we extend our deepest sympathies to the people of Ukraine and hope for an immediate end to the conflict and the suffering of innocent people. As we previously announced, we suspended our operations in Russia in mid-March. Our operations in Ukraine have been paused to focus on the safety of our employees and their families. Our thoughts are with the people impacted by these tragic events, particularly our employees who we continue to support through aid in humanitarian efforts we're donating to the Polish Center for International Aid and the World Centre for Pigeon. I would also like to express my sincere appreciation to our EMEA employees, especially those in Poland for their many personal efforts in aiding their Ukrainian neighbors in need. Their actions epitomize our power of people principle. Now moving to Slide 4 and our business results. We delivered solid financial results in the first quarter, in line with our expectations, driven by the successful execution of our strategies and the engagement of employees. We are confident our strong year-to-date momentum will continue to drive strong performance throughout 2022. In the first quarter, we grew sales 3% or 4% in constant currency on top of our 20% constant currency growth in the first quarter of last year, demonstrating again the strength of our product offering and broad global portfolio, which drives differentiated growth and consistency in our performance. Consumer segment sales, while lapping high year ago demand continued to reflect the sustained shift to higher at-home consumption compared to pre-pandemic levels. Our Flavor Solutions segment growth was driven by outstanding growth with our packaged food and beverage customers as well as robust demand from restaurants and other foodservice customers due in part to recovery from curtailed away-from-home dining in the year ago period. Through the breadth and reach of our balanced flavor portfolio, we are meeting the global demand for flavor and delivering flavor experiences for every meal occasion through our products and our customers' products we are end-to-end flavor. Adjusted operating income was down 14% or 12% in constant currency, and adjusted earnings per share was down 13%. As anticipated, the profit driven by our sales growth was more than offset by the well-known and anticipated effects of higher inflation and broad-based supply chain challenges. We have a demonstrated history of successfully navigating through a volatile environment, and we expect to do the same through this high current inflationary period using pricing and other levers to offset cost pressures, which is reflected in our 2022 profit outlook. Now for more on our first quarter segment performance. Starting with the Consumer segment on Slide 5. Growth in the Americas was more than offset by lower sales in the EMEA and APZ regions. Total Consumer segment sales declined 2% against 35% consumer growth in the first quarter of 2021. Given the difficult year-over-year comparison, volume declines were reflected in each region. On a 2-year basis, however, compared to the first quarter of 2020, each region grew sales by double digits. This growth highlights the strength of our categories and importantly, our products as consumers continue to cook more at home, demand for flavor continues to grow. The pricing actions we have taken were also reflected in each region's results, and the elasticity impact we experienced has been lower than historical levels. As we look ahead and our additional pricing actions are phased in, the elasticity we experienced may change, and this could be a cumulative effect, but we still expect the impact to be lower than historical levels. Turning to highlights by region, starting with the Americas. Our total U.S. branded portfolio consumption as indicated by our IRI consumption data and combined with unmeasured channels, grew 2% which follows a 15% consumption increase in the first quarter of 2021. This is the eighth consecutive quarter of double-digit consumption growth versus the 2 year ago period. Demand has remained high, and we continue to realize the benefit of the manufacturing capacity we added as well as our increased resilience. Our first quarter shipments were in line with consumption, however, some products remain stretched by sustained high demand. Shelf conditions continue to improve as does our share performance with another sequential improvement in the first quarter as we expected. Versus last year, we are beginning to grow our spices and seasoning share and in recipe mixes, we had another quarter of considerable share gain over 4 share points. We continue to see further improvement as we begin the second quarter, and we are confident in our continued momentum. In EMEA during the first quarter, we lapped high prior year demand, partially due to restrictions resulting from COVID resurgences last year while continuing our momentum with strong consumption growth in key categories compared to the first quarter of 2020. Our market share performance was stronger this quarter. We maintained our total EMEA region herb, spices and seasoning share on top of strong gains in the first quarters of the last 2 years. Of note, Frank's RedHot has grown consumption 60% and gained significant share versus the 2 year ago period. And in the Asia Pacific region, first quarter growth was tempered by scaled down Chinese New Year celebration due to several cities in China imposing restrictions as a result of new COVID outbreaks.These restrictions impacted our branded food service demand that is included in the consumer segment in China.  Turning to Slide 6. Our Flavor Solutions segment grew 12% or 14% in constant currency driven by base business growth, new products and 1 month of incremental sales for our acquisition of FONA in December 2020. All 3 regions contributed to our growth each with higher volume and product mix as well as the pricing actions to partially offset costs. Our first quarter Flavor Solutions results reflect similar market conditions across the region. As a reminder, our customer base in the Americas is skewed more to packaged food and beverage customers and in EMEA and APZ to quick service restaurant or QSR customers. Our differentiated customer engagement and technical capabilities continue to drive outstanding growth, both in base business and with new products, with our packaged food and beverage customers or at home customer base. Our performance with these customers led our first quarter Flavor Solutions results with double-digit growth in flavors for Performance Nutrition and health end market applications as well as savory snacks. And our momentum with flavors for alcoholic beverages also continued. Our QSR momentum has been strong with core menu items and limited time offers driving first quarter growth and other restaurant business continues to rebound. Our first quarter results also reflect the lapping of curtailed away-from-home dining last year. The restaurants are benefiting from the shift to takeaway and delivery that was amplified by the pandemic. There's been a blurring between channels and most of the restaurant food being consumed off-premise. For instance, 1 in 4 dinners consumed at home was supplemented with a restaurant or other foodservice items. For our other institutional food service customers and our branded foodservice product category, we expected some recovery coming into 2022, and we saw that demand strengthen in our first quarter and drove growth in the Americas and EMEA regions. Now I'd like to share some comments on our momentum and the growth initiatives we have underway. Turning to Slide 7. Global demand for flavor remains the foundation of our sales growth and we have intentionally focused on great fast-growing categories that will continue to differentiate our performance. We are capitalizing on the long-term consumer trends that accelerated during the pandemic, healthy and flavorful cooking, increased digital engagement, trusted brands and purpose-minded practices. These long-term trends and the rising global demand for great taste are as relevant today as ever with the younger generations fueling them at a greater rate. Our alignment with these trends, in combination with the breadth and reach of our global portfolio and the successful execution of our strategies sustainably positions us for future growth. In this current dynamic global environment, we remain focused on long-term sustainable growth. We continue to experience cost pressures from higher inflation and broad-based supply chain challenges. To partially offset rise in cost we raised prices where appropriate late last year and are currently facing an additional pricing actions. And as costs have continued to accelerate, we will raise prices again this year where appropriate. We appreciate our customers working with us to navigate this environment. Additionally, our plans to mitigate cost pressures include our CCI-led cost savings, revenue management initiatives and taking prudent steps to reduce discretionary spend where possible. Throughout our history, we have successfully grown and compounded our growth regardless of the environment and plan to do so again in 2022 as we continue to accelerate our momentum and drive growth from a position of strength. In our Consumer segment, across our major measured markets, we have gained millions of households over the last 2 years and had double-digit buyer rate growth. Our brands have gained new consumers, and we have driven increased usage at the same time. This performance, combined with billions of additional at-home eating occasions from consumers cooking more at home has created a new baseline for growth. We are continuing to drive our consumer segment momentum by accelerating flavor usage, including delivering on the demand for heat, building confidence in the kitchen and inspiring flavor exploration. We're also strengthening our consumer relationships at every point of purchase and creating a delicious, healthy and sustainable future. We are fueling growth through our brand marketing investments, category management initiatives and new products. Our brand marketing is resonating with consumers, particularly as we connect with them online. And as we expand the capabilities of our marketing excellence organization globally, we're gaining efficiencies, executing with greater speed and shifting our investments to work in dollars to drive greater effectiveness. Our U.S. spice aisle reinvention is further driving our category leadership with growth for McCormick and our customers. This initiative is continuing this year with additional stores being implemented and we're also starting to build momentum with similar initiatives in Canada, the U.K. and France. Our consumer new product innovation differentiates our brands and strengthens our relevance with our consumers. Our new products are focused on whats important to consumers, such as freshness, modern packaging, convenience and flavor exploration as well as affordability and value. 75% of global consumers find it more economical to cook at home. And in the current inflationary environment, it resonates even more now. Our products are already part of the consumer solution to manage inflation across their whole grocery basket. For instance, inflation is hitting the meat case hard and a little bit of our flavor can make less impressive meat, more palatable and make the consumers whole meal both more affordable and fiber. We have products at all price points that attract many types of consumers and households as well as different income levels. We continue to focus on ensuring we're launching new products that appeal to all types of consumers such as additional entry-level price points for affordability as well as value offerings, including larger sizes to meet the needs of price-conscious consumers. And with our new products and recipes tailored, the popular new appliances such as air fryers and Instant Pot, we are providing consumers flavor inspiration and greater convenience when using our products. In our Flavor Solutions segment, we plan to continue migrating our portfolio to more value-added products and technically insulated products, particularly our Flavor product category. We're targeting opportunities to grow with our customers in attractive, high-growth end markets such as alcoholic beverages, savory snacks and Performance Nutrition.We have been outpacing the market growth in these categories. They all contributed towards a strong growth in our first quarter results and further migrate our portfolio. Following a record year of new product growth last year, we are excited about our robust 2022 pipeline of culinary inspired innovation. We are leveraging our broad technology platform to develop clean label, organic and better-for-you solutions to some of our customers' issues without compromising on taste. We're using Sage, our AI-enabled product development tool to develop consumer preferred flavors at an increased speed that have a track record for lasting longer in the market for our customers. And we are building a pipeline of opportunities to accelerate our global seasoning growth by expanding our mid-tier customer base being added to core supplier list and strengthening our leadership in heat. We plan to continue to drive flavor solutions growth through a differentiated customer engagement. We have a strong passion for creating a flawless customer experience. Across both segments, our installed sales and growth plans bolster our confidence in continuing our growth trajectory. We also recognize we are operating in a challenging global environment. Before Mike reiterates our guidance in a few moments, I'd like to comment on some current conditions. We will continue to monitor the situation in Russia and Ukraine very closely and adapt accordingly. Cost inflation has remained persistent with recent escalation in some areas such as transportation costs. And as such, we have raised our cost inflation guidance. It is now a mid- to high-teen increase. And in regard to COVID, as I mentioned earlier, there are new COVID restrictions being imposed in several cities in China. We are continually assessing the dynamics of these conditions as they involve we recognize there will be some near-term impact, which we expect to mitigate later in the year, in part with additional pricing actions. We are well positioned to deliver another strong year of growth and performance in 2022 and through the effective execution of our strategy and with a robust operating momentum. In addition to delivering top-tier financial results, we are also committed to doing what's right for people, communities and the planet. We recently released our 2021 purpose-led performance progress report, which highlights our key initiatives and the progress we are making, including our recent announcements on the update of our science-based targets, reduced greenhouse gas submissions by 2030, aligning with the United Nations 1.5 degree Celsius target as well as our commitment to net zero by 2050. As we move forward in 2022, we are excited to continue to share our progress and success on all our purpose-led performance goals. Now for some summary comments on Slide 11, before turning it over to Mike. The combination of our strong business model, the investments we have made, the capabilities we have built and the power of our people position us well to continue our robust growth momentum. We are in attractive categories and are capitalizing on long-term consumer trends that are in our favor. We are actively responding to changing market conditions, consumer behaviors and customer needs while remaining forward-looking in an ever-changing environment. We have a strong foundation and are well equipped to navigate in todays environment responding with agility to volatility and disruption while remaining focused on the long-term objectives, strategies and values that have made us so successful. Through the execution of our strategy that are designed to drive long-term value, we have grown and compounded that growth successfully over the years, regardless of the environment. Our fundamentals that drove that performance and our momentum and outlook are stronger than ever. McCormick employees continue to do a great job navigating a dynamic environment, their agility and teamwork drive our momentum and success, and I want to thank them for their dedicated efforts and engagement.  Now I'll turn it over to Mike.
Mike Smith: Thanks, Lawrence, and good morning, everyone. Starting on Slide 13. Our top line growth continues to be strong. During the first quarter, we grew constant currency sales 4%, driven by pricing actions across both segments and incremental sales from our FONA acquisition. Consumer segment sales declined 2% in constant currency due to lapping high demand in all 3 regions last year, with a partial offset from pricing. On a 2-year basis, compared to the first quarter of 2020, constant currency sales grew 30% with double-digit growth in all 3 regions, reflecting the sustained shift to at-home consumption higher than pre-pandemic levels. On Slide 14, consumer sales in the Americas increased 2% in constant currency, driven by pricing actions, partially offset by lower volume of the product mix due to lapping last year's elevated demand. Branded products led the growth with strength in McCormick, Zatarain's, Stubb's, Otay, Simply Asia, Frank's RedHot and French's, partially offset by a decline in private label. In EMEA, constant currency consumer sales declined 9% from a year ago, driven by lower volume and product mix, most significantly in Vahin homemade dessert products due to lapping last year's high demand across the region. This decline was partially offset by pricing actions. Constant currency consumer sales in the Asia Pacific region declined 6%, driven by the exit of lower-margin business in India. China's consumer and branded foodservice demand partially related to the Chinese New Year impact Laurence mentioned earlier, also contributed to the decline. These declines were partially offset by pricing actions. Turning to our Flavor Solutions segment on Slide 17. We grew first quarter constant currency sales 14%, including a 2% contribution from incremental FONA sales in December. As a reminder, we acquired FONA on December 30, 2020. The remaining increase was driven by higher volume and product mix as well as pricing actions. Compared to the first quarter of 2020, constant currency sales grew 18%, with double-digit growth in all 3 regions. In the Americas, flavor solutions constant currency sales grew 12%, with FONA contributing 2% and the remaining growth due to both pricing and the combination of volume and product mix. Higher sales to packaged food and beverage companies with particular strength in snack seasonings led the growth with the recovery of demand from branded foodservice customers also contributing. In the EMEA, we drove 24% constant currency sales growth with a 17% increase in volume and product mix and 7% related to pricing actions. EMEA's growth was led by the robust recovery of demand from QSRs and branded foodservice customers. In the Asia Pacific region, Flavor Solutions sales rose 5% in constant currency, driven by pricing actions and growth from higher volume and product mix. This growth was driven by our QSR customers, both in their core menu items as well as their limited time offers and promotional activities. As seen on Slide 21, adjusted operating income, which excludes transaction and integration costs related to the Cholula and FONA acquisitions as well as special charges declined 14% or in constant currency, 12% in the first quarter versus the year ago period. Adjusted operating income declined 12% in the Consumer segment with minimal impact from currency. And in the Flavor Solutions segment, it declined 17% or 11% in constant currency. Both segments were unfavorably impacted by higher inflation and distribution costs. Both of which accelerated in the second half of last year as well as incremental investment spending on our ERP program, which we expected to be higher earlier in 2022 versus 2021. CCI-led cost savings favorably impacted both segments. In the Consumer segment, lower sales, partially offset by a reduction in COVID-19-related costs also contributed to the decline. In the Flavor Solutions segment, higher sales were more than offset by the unfavorable drivers I just mentioned as well as costs related to supply chain investments, which will continue in the second quarter. As seen on Slide 22, adjusted gross profit margin declined 260 basis points in the first quarter versus the year ago period. This was driven by the net impact of cost pressures we are experiencing and the pricing actions we have taken. We estimate the dilutive impact of pricing to offset this dollar inflation increase was approximately 200 basis points in the first quarter. Additionally, a sales shift between segments also contributed to the margin decline. Our selling, general and administrative expense as a percent of net sales increased 20 basis points from the first quarter of last year due to higher distribution costs and a higher level of investment in our ERP program. This, combined with the adjusted gross margin compression, resulted in an adjusted margin decline of 280 basis points, in line with our expectations. Turning to income taxes on Slide 23. Our first quarter adjusted effective tax rate was 19.7% compared to 22.7% in the year ago period, driven by a higher level of discrete tax items this year. Adjusted income from unconsolidated operations declined 30% versus the first quarter of 2021, due to the elimination of higher earnings associated with minority interest as well as higher inflation costs impacting our McCormick de Mexico joint venture. At the bottom line, as shown on Slide 25, first quarter 2022 adjusted earnings per share was $0.63 as compared to $0.72 for the year ago period. The decrease was driven by our lower adjusted operating income. On Slide 26, we've summarized highlights for cash flow and the year-end balance sheet. Our cash flow from operations was an inflow of $18 million in the first quarter of 2022, compared to an outflow of $32 million in the first quarter of 2021. This increase was primarily driven by working capital improvements and lower payments for transaction and integration costs related to our Cholula and FONA acquisitions. We returned $99 million of cash to our shareholders through dividends and used $44 million for capital expenditures this quarter. We expect 2022 to be a year of strong cash flow driven by profit and working capital initiatives. And our priority is to continue to have a balanced use of cash, funding investments to drive growth, returning a significant portion to our shareholders through dividends and paying down debt. Now turning to our 2022 financial outlook on Slide 27. First, I would like to provide some additional perspective on some of the current conditions Lawrence mentioned earlier. As we have said, we are currently not operating in Russia and the Ukraine. And while the impact is not fully known, our business in these markets is small with the combined sales across both segments totaling less than 1% of total company sales last year.  Additionally, we have no manufacturing in either country. Any operating profit impact would include those related to the impact on sales as well as potential expenses stemming from the current situation. Regarding cost inflation, we are revising our outlook and are now projecting inflationary pressure in the mid- to high teens as compared to mid-teens increase in our previous guidance. We expect cost inflation to remain persistent, especially as it relates to transportation, and we are continuing actions to mitigate these costs, including pricing. Again, as Lawrence mentioned, we recognize these dynamics will have some impacts on our results, certainly in the second quarter. While we continue to monitor impacts on the broader economy and will adapt as necessary we are reiterating our 2022 sales and profit outlook that we previously shared in our January earnings call. We are projecting strong top line growth and operating performance with earnings growth partially offset by a higher projected effective tax rate. We also expect there will be an estimated 1 percentage point unfavorable impact of currency rates on sales, adjusted operating income and adjusted earnings per share. On the top line, we expect to grow constant currency sales 4% to 6%. We expect pricing to be a significant driver of our growth with volume and product mix to be impacted by elasticities although at a lower level than we have experienced historically. We plan to drive growth through the strength of our brands as well as our category management, brand marketing, new product and customer engagement growth plans. Our volume and product mix will also continue to be impacted by the cooling of lower margin business from our portfolio. Our 2022 adjusted gross margin is projected to range between comparable to 2021 to 50 basis points lower than 2021. This adjusted gross margin compression reflects the anticipated impact of a mid- to high-teens increase in cost inflation, an unfavorable impact of sales mix between segments, a favorable impact from pricing and CCI-led cost savings. As a reminder, we price to offset dollar cost increases, we do not margin up. This has a dilutive impact on our adjusted gross margin and is the primary driver of our projected compression. We expect to grow our adjusted operating income 8% to 10% in constant currency, which reflects our robust operating momentum, a reduction in COVID-19-related costs and our continuing investment in ERP business transformation. This projection includes inflationary pressure in the mid- to high teens, a low single-digit increase in brand marketing investments, and our CCI-led cost savings target of approximately $85 million. As we shared on our last earnings call, we expect our profit growth to be weighted to the second half of the year. During the second quarter, we are phasing in pricing actions and with costs continuing to escalate, we'll raise prices again as appropriate. While we plan to cover the cost pressures due to the recent acceleration of inflation, there will be a lag. And as a result, our profit will now be weighted to the second half of the year, even more than originally expected. And as a reminder, we expect our ERP investment to be higher earlier in the year versus 2021. Our 2022 adjusted effective income tax rate is projected to be 22% to 23% based upon our estimated mix of earnings by geography as well as factoring in a level of discrete impacts. This outlook versus our 2021 adjusted effective tax rate is expected to be a headwind to our 2022 adjusted earnings per share growth of approximately 3%. Our 2022 adjusted earnings per share expectations reflect strong operating growth of 8% to 10% in constant currency, partially offset by the tax headwind I just mentioned. This resulted in an increase of 4% to 6% or 5% to 7% in constant currency. Our guidance range for adjusted earnings per share in 2022 is $3.17 to $3.22 compared to $3.05 of adjusted earnings per share in 2021. In summary, we are well positioned with our broad and advantaged flavor portfolio and effective growth strategies to continue to accelerate our operating momentum and drive another year of strong growth and performance.
Lawrence Kurzius: Thank you, Mike. Now that Mike has shared our financial results and outlook in more detail, I would like to recap the key takeaways as seen on Slide 28. We delivered solid first quarter results in line with our expectations with strong sales growth on top of our 20% constant currency growth last year. We are confident that the hard work and dedication of our employees will continue to drive momentum. We recognize we're operating in a challenging global environment. Through the execution of our strategies, we've successfully grown long-term value environment over the years regardless of the environment. Our long-term fundamentals that drove our performance are stronger than ever. The strength of our business model, the value of our products and capabilities, our alignment with long-term consumer trends that are in our favor and the attractive categories we are in, provide a strong foundation for long-term sustainable growth. We're confident that our broad and advantaged flavor portfolio, our robust operating momentum and effective growth strategies will drive another year of strong growth in 2022 and build value for our shareholders.  Now let's turn to your questions.
Operator:  And our first question today will be coming from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays.
Andrew Lazar: McCormick reiterated its full year outlook, right, despite a worsening in inflation outlook and still dynamic operating environment. And as you noted, now requires an even more significant margin inflection in the back half of the year to stay within sort of your full year gross margin guidance. So I was hoping you could speak a little bit to what gives you the visibility that is playing out. And I know you detailed some items on the last call, such as pricing and lapping COVID costs, smoother cadence of ERP spend and CCI saves and such. So perhaps you can remind us of these and share if there are any additions or changes to the above?
Lawrence Kurzius: Thanks, Andrew. I'll start on this and then let Mike follow up and talk about those specific items. But first of all, I want to emphasize that first quarter is really right up in the middle with our expectations. And it all starts with strong demand and strong top line performance. We expect to see continued strong demand as we go through the year. And as we go through the second quarter, in particular, more pricing action goes into effect, which on top of that strong demand and with the relatively low elasticity that we're seeing will translate into both strong top line and strong bottom line growth in the second half of the year. This is in line with the guidance that we talked about on our last call at the end of -- when we gave guidance for the year initially.  Mike, you want to talk about those specific guidance.
Mike Smith: Yes. I think the thing that's really changed since the first quarter for the year-end call when we talked about the inflation moving from mid-teens to mid to high teens. Really, there's been a bit of an acceleration in things like fuel cost that will impact our second quarter. But we see on average across the year, that cost inflation around the same mid- to high single teens, but it's been moved forward into the second quarter. Pricing, though, is continuing to build, as Lawrence said.  For the full year, before we said on the last call, mid- to high pricing impact, we're at the high -- we'll be at the high end of that now. And actually, in the second 6, we'll be in a low double-digit pricing impact range, which gives us more confidence about the second half profit realization. As you mentioned, there were some other factors. ERP spending is up in the first versus last year. Investments in supply chain, we just announced some of the transition of production over to the Peterborough facility in the U.K. There are start-up costs that have hit us in the first quarter. There will be more of that in the second quarter, really hitting the Flavor Solutions segment. So we do see some of those negative impacts in Q2, but really feel confident about the second 6 with some of the actions that we've identified.
Andrew Lazar: And then just quickly, you've talked about the capacity coming online. And I think you mentioned you shipped essentially or closer to consumption this quarter, so sort of making progress there, and we've seen that in the market share improvements. But it doesnt sound like youve yet had the ability to sort of really re-build retail or inventories. And I assume there's still some opportunity for that as you go forward through this year? And perhaps you could just update us on that.
Lawrence Kurzius: I think that this is a work in progress. Supply chain continues to get better. It's not perfect as our -- some of our customers will remind us. But the disruptions that we are seeing are much more discrete and specific rather than the third quarter of last year, it seemed like everything was a problem. So supply chain has gotten better, our ability to meet that demand has really gotten better. And although make that remark about certain customers a minute ago. The fact is our customers tell us that, generally, we are performing better than our competitive set, and this is allowing us to win new business. So we really feel pretty good about how that has improved. And I think you'll continue to see us build share performance consecutively as we have been for the last several quarters with our ability to supply, and that additional capacity coming on has really made the difference.
Operator: The next question is coming from the line of Alexia Howard with Bernstein.
Alexia Howard: Can I ask, first of all, about the private label dynamics because we're looking at the level of price inflation really across the grocery store. And under normal circumstances, you would expect to trade down to private label. But I know that you mentioned that your private label sales are actually down year-on-year. I'm just wondering what's driving that. Is it supply chain related? Is it retail-driven? Or is it simply that consumers are feeling -- still feeling reasonably flash and able to afford the branded products? And then I have a follow-up.
Lawrence Kurzius: Sure. I think 2 things. First of all, we have not yet seen significant movement in private label as a trend in either direction. Some of the recent market data shows some increase and -- but it's really slight in our categories. There's a dynamic you have to watch out for private label, the costs are going up for everybody. And it's driven by raw material, packaging and transportation, and the same penny cost increase that's impacting brands is also impacting private label. And so when you put that same amount of cost increase through to private label, percent of increase is bigger, and it creates an uptick of private label growing faster on a dollar basis. It's again, it's that cost pass-through. So I want to make that clear. The second point that I want to make, though, is that we are believers that there's a role for both our brand and private label, especially in the urban spice category and we provide both to our customers and the best competitive environment for us as a company. It's when both our brand and private label are obtaining share, putting pressure on everybody else.
Alexia Howard: Great. and as a follow-up, obviously, Russia and Ukraine is a very difficult situation right now. Can you share what percentage of sales that is to you? I'm pretty sure it's fairly low. But what do you see as the risks around the world if the situation persists? And I'm really talking about when we've gone through previous commodity cycles, we've seen problems because of the inaffordability of basic food stuff like bread in Egypt and so on. Would your supply chain -- I mean, given what you've seen in the past when we see these grain cycles, are there particular ingredients that you think might be more challenged? I'm just trying to get at the risks there.
Mike Smith: Alexia. It's Mike. I'll start the answer. We have said in our 8-K, sales for Russia and Ukraine are less than 1% of our total sales. So that's -- and so that's grossed in. It will have an impact in the second quarter, obviously, because that's when the crisis has unfolded. As far as your question about broader impacts, primarily inflation, I think you've seen in the last couple of weeks, and part of the reasons we've taken our inflation expectations up and discussed pricing is because of some of those impacts.  From a commodity perspective, I mean, our market basket is a lot different than a lot of other food companies. I mean there are products that could be impacted, we source mustard from that part of the world, but we have secondary sourcing capabilities there, which we've moved to. So I think our global supply chain, 1 of the strengths we have is it's deep and has a long history and there's alternative markets for a lot of our materials. And no one raw material makes up more than 5% of our total cost of goods sold. So I think that diversity really helps us.
Lawrence Kurzius: And I would say we're less exposed to the green complex. Most of our peer companies would be. I think our concern and part of what we're considering in our inflationary outlook is cost of energy, which now looks like it's going to remain higher than perhaps it might have otherwise. That flows through the packaging to the plastic resins and things like that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of  with JPMorgan.
Unidentified Analyst: In light of some of the incremental cost pressures you're facing, the year-on-year decline we saw in the first quarter gross margin, is this a reasonable level of decline to think about in the second quarter as well? Or was -- where should we think about the first quarter as the low point in terms of progression?
Mike Smith: I'd say between the first half and the second half, you're going to have that big change due to the pricing dynamic I mentioned before and some of the one-timers in the first 6. The things we've laid out as far as cost increasing versus our original expectations in the second quarter. I think it's probably a pretty good estimate that in that range of gross margin, what we did in the first quarter is probably close. We do have the additional Peterburg supply chain investment costs I talked about for dual running costs and things like that. So I don't think you're far out of the ballpark there.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. That's helpful. And then I just wanted to switch to -- ask about pricing in consumer EMEA. The pricing remained like fairly muted in the quarter. So can you walk us through what to expect from pricing in this region as the year progresses? And what some of the challenges are, if any, to taking pricing here?
Lawrence Kurzius: Well, I'd say that we've said we're going to take pricing as appropriate. And so different regions are going to have different levels of inflationary impact and different levels of pricing and different timings in which those pricing actions might take effect. And so I don't -- and then even within regions, there are going to be differences from country to country, especially in the region.
Mike Smith: Even within the segments.
Lawrence Kurzius: Even within our segments, certainly, I can say though that broadly, we have -- our current pricing actions -- our pricing actions that we've spoken about are very much on track. We have pricing going into effect in second quarter in several markets. I know your question is about the EMEA, but they'll be more specific about our U.S. consumer business because increases are going into effect this week for the next round. In our Flavor Solutions segment, broadly, the branded foodservice part of the portfolio moves with consumer pricing. And the rest of the flavor solutions business, pricing is based on contractual windows and the timing is going to vary tremendously based on the windows of reassessing the pricing. And I'd say that in EMEA and APZ, the pricing actions are on track and are going to be phased in through the first half of the year. So it is -- pricing is always an ongoing discussion, and we would not get too specific as of now for both the customer and for competitive reasons.
Mike Smith: Yes, I think you'll see the same trends across the regions that pricing will build during the year.
Operator: Next question is coming from the line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow: Thanks for the question. I guess it's in 2 parts. I wanted to confirm what I heard about the level of pricing you think, Mike, that will show up in your P&L by the end of the year. I thought I heard you say low teens, but I could have gotten that wrong. Is it scaling up that much? And then the second part is, I think, Laurence, you said that you're operating from a higher baseline because you brought in a lot of consumers to the franchise and the category has expanded perhaps structurally. But the category is declining in the U.S. modestly. It's declining a lot in Europe from what I can tell. Is there a risk here that as consumers regain more mobility and they're gaining it very quickly right now that the consumer category might not be at the right baseline that there might be a lower baseline out there than what you would expect
Lawrence Kurzius: Rob, but I think we'll start with the pricing -- 
Mike Smith: Let me answer that. When I say then, just to be clear, we have given guidance that pricing for the full year was going to be mid to high single digit based on -- with the new based on the -- we're moving to the high end of that based on the price -- based on the recent cost increases. Obviously, single digit. I'm getting confused. Mid to high single digit. We moved to high based on some of this recent cost inflation, I talked about primarily impacting the second quarter. When I said about first half, second half, in the second half, if you look at that in particular, back to Andrew's question, we are going to see low single -- low double-digit price increases, which are cumulatively coming through for the third and fourth quarter. So it builds during the year, to my point before, not for the full year but for the second 6.
Robert Moskow: Yes. Yes. Okay. That's a big price increase in the back half of the year.
Mike Smith: Well, I think you're lapping and you're lapping last year in the Americas, particularly pricing in the fourth quarter last year. So you do get that cumulative impact of several price increases, 3 of them actually.
Robert Moskow: Okay. And then the risk to the baseline?
Lawrence Kurzius: Well, of course, there was elevated demand because consumers were forced to stay at home to cook. And we never expected all of it to remain. But we do believe that consumers have moved to a higher level of consumption and at a higher level of cooking at home structurally. All of our research points in that direction. Just the logic of people still cooking at home.And it starts from working from home in part. Lunch is going to be a meal occasion. That is consumed more at home. The breakfast because of work from home, people are actually cooking breakfast instead of using more ready-to-eat solutions. And there's kind of both the qualitative and the quantitative work at that point to say consumption at home is going to continue to remain elevated. I mean 88% of consumers say they're going to cook as much at home or as much or more at home than they did during the pandemic.  To the extent there's economic pressure on us from a recession, that also reinforces the whole cook at home. And we know, in particular, our categories and our brands performed well during processionary periods during both of the last 2 recessions. Our brand growth was right in line with our long-term guidance. We are seeing a difference in our consumer business in the U.S. versus Europe. But the biggest factor there is actually that Europe has -- in our European business, we have a significant component that is making, particularly with our Botanical brand in France. And so we've seen baking return to more of a baseline level. But we do believe that there's been a step up in our other categories.
Mike Smith: Yes. I mean you just look at total McCormick consumer in the last 2 years, we were lapping a really tough quarter last year in Q1. We're up 30% in 2 years constant currency consumer sales. That's pretty amazing. That's that step-up that Lawrence was talking about.
Robert Moskow: And maybe 1 last follow-up, if I could. If pricing is up low double digit, let's say, it's like 12% in the back half of the year. It's probably not unheard of to expect a volume decline of like negative 5%, negative 6%. Is that close to how you're thinking about elasticity? Number one. And if volume is that -- down that much, does that have any implications for your fixed cost leverage? Or what does it do to your -- the rest of your P&L, if anything?
Lawrence Kurzius: Well, I'm not going to get too specific on our exact elasticity modeling. But we do model elasticity. These price increases are really outside the range of those models. And the environment is different from the environment in which those models were built. So I think that all of us are in a little bit uncharted territory right now. But we've assumed a level of elasticity is so far so good in the sense that elasticity that we're actually seeing is actually at the low end of what we've been modeling. So that gives us some encouragement.  And again, elasticity is probably based on substitutability and everything is going up. And so kind of -- even though our prices are going up, the consumers perspective about the kind of relative frame of preference, it's in a context for all the substitutes and everything that products are used on it's going up as well. And again, as we tried to say in our prepared remarks and which we've seen and heard from consumers in the past is that our products are a very small part of the cost of their meal. And in many cases, are part of them solving their whole grocery basket inflation problem. They've got a NIM going up 40% the increase on spices sales by comparison and using even more spice to substitute a lower cost got to meet a real behavior that we see in consumer.
Mike Smith: Let's read about the fixed cost in our supply chain. I mean we manage ups and downs all the time. So if there happens to be some volume decrease there's been a large investment in capacity in the last couple of years and we've gotten out a lot of these co-pack costs from COVID. So we would absorb that.
Lawrence Kurzius: Yes. And I would say we're still -- in order to meet the high level of demand the volumes came down a little bit, it actually won't even benefit us.
Operator: Next question is coming from the line of Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs.
Adam Samuelson: So I was hoping to dig in on the Flavor Solutions growth a little bit and really trying to think about the performance in some of the different buckets and very different comp layout in that part of the business than in the consumer segment, where you were still lapping some easy foodservice and quick service comps a year ago. Those get notably tougher, your packaged food customers, especially in North America might kind of -- or probably wrestle with a lot of the same demand elasticity questions that Rob and others have been asking about already. So I'm just trying to think about how we should think about the volume growth, whether it's by region or by the different parts of that business over the balance of the year?
Lawrence Kurzius: I'll start off to say that Flavor Solutions growth for the total company was really strong. And for Americas and EMEA, it was likewise really, really strong. And even Asia Pacific and where the growth was a little bit lighter, I'm not going to complain about the amount of growth that we recognize over there as well. The food away from home components, slightly trailed food at home overall, but those results were really different by region. That whole  our whole flavor and seasoning business has really been robust in the Americas, and that drove a lot of the growth. And quick service restaurant recovery has continued to be strong. And branded food service is now reopening. So we're seeing solid growth there. I mean it's hard to say what's not, -- I mean, I couldn't tell you what we're not growing.
Mike Smith: Yes, not only the secular trends, but we're winning business. I mean it's the thing that we talked about -- 1 acquisition that has unlocked across the flavor business and some of these high-growing categories, we talked about it in CAGNY. So I think you're seeing a lot of good trends across Flavor Solutions.
Adam Samuelson: Right. I know I get that. I'm just trying to think about this on the go forward, the comp layout on volumes is just very different from an activity level than our consumer business. And I'm trying to think about, especially if there's risks of maybe a bit lower economic growth, especially in EMEA, you got COVID lockdowns in Asia or in China specifically, just how do we -- how you're thinking about that business as we go into the balance of the year?
Mike Smith: Well, I think -- Gosh. I mean all companies are struggling like this. But I think in times when other of our, say, package food companies are trying to come up with innovation, maybe take cost out where our products are such a small percentage of the total product they sell to the consumer, it's actually an opportunity for us to work with them. So I'm less concerned about some of the elasticity they're seeing, things like that. You've said we're small component, just like on the consumer side of that meal, whether you're a branded foodservice or whether you're buying a snack seasoning.
Lawrence Kurzius: And on China specifically, we're watching this. But I'd say it's within the -- there are always puts and takes in pressures within the business. I'd say that what we're seeing at least so far is within that range.
Adam Samuelson: Okay. And then -- and if I quickly follow up on the commodity cost inflation point, and I appreciate your basket looks very different than a lot of other food companies. You guys also are much more diverse just in terms of despite the seasoning herbs that are going to have a lot of emerging market kind of growers, very smallholder farmers. Can you talk about the contracting of that? How much when you actually will agree to price with those growers through the year? Just they're going to be facing some pretty dramatic input cost inflation. I'm wondering how that will impact the price that you're paying for that basket of commodities, is that really more of a fiscal '23 event as we think about their costs throwing up to your return -- 
Mike Smith: I think most -- the impact we've talked about, especially recently is more on the transportation and the packaging side. There's exposures to the resins and oil costs and things like that. Input commodities, we have a long history of relationships with partners and joint ventures that secure commodities over time. And you can look at our balance sheet, we have more raw materials now than we did last year. So that's part of the way we protect our future supply.
Lawrence Kurzius: Right. And I think that we couldnt get into too much detail here. I would say that our global sourcing and our foods on the ground and our long relationships with producers in these markets and kind of the strategic partnership that in some cases are multigenerational have really advantaged us in this area and this has actually been an area that -- where I think that we've demonstrated tremendous competitive advantage and is giving us some buffer and I think that others are probably experiencing even greater cost inflation pressure for some of these same components. It is an area where scale really matters.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Steve Powers with Deutsche Bank.
Steve Powers: Perhaps, building on your comments in response to Alexia's question on private label and Rob's questions as well, it seems there's an increased focus in your comments this morning on entry price points for affordability maybe that just limited the private label, but generally and value offerings such as the larger pack sizes. I guess I just want to validate that I'm picking up on a fair evolution in tone since the start of the year, number one. And then number two, maybe some comments around how that's altered your outlook for volume versus product mix alongside the increases in pricing. Clearly, you haven't altered the top line outlook and you've mentioned the incremental price anticipated so we can solve for the difference. But within that, I'm curious how you're thinking about volume versus mix trade-offs. It sounds like you expect the response to skew more towards mix versus a unit volume decline. But I just want to validate that and would love some incremental thoughts.
Mike Smith: I mean I'll start with this. There's a lot to unpack. I mean the nice thing in our consumer business is, whether you're buying recipe mixes or bottles of spices or Frank's RedHot Sauce, the margins are very solid. So we have a real -- we have a broad -- for all portfolio of products of Flavor things, but really high-margin business across the board. So I don't think -- I don't think there's going to be an impact there from a shift. I mean you may see in previous recessions, like we've talked about, I don't think we're shifting the message. I think we've talked about very consistently in the recessionary periods such as 2001, 2009, our products do really well. We show volume growth and pricing growth that we need to. So there may be a shift in products from gourmet to recipe mixes because people are going down the value chain, but the margins are there and the use of the 1 pack of dry seasoning mix versus a bottle actually helps us in some way. So I don't -- I think the fear that you're raising isn't fair, right?
Lawrence Kurzius: Yes, we're not trying to signal anything when we talk about it. We offer the whole range of price points from all the way from super premium and to mid-tier to entry price point. And at a time when, when we -- and everybody are taking pricing actions, we also want to make sure that our products are accessible to lower-income consumers and value-conscious consumer. And that's how we're really trying to provide reassurance in that area. It's not an anticipation of some change or it's not a shift in strategy or focus for us.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Chris Growe with Stifel.
Chris Growe: Just had a couple of quick questions. I think these have become pretty much follow-ups at this point, but just to be clear on a couple of points. But given the higher inflationary outlook, you mentioned you do have more pricing coming online in the second quarter. Is that new pricing? Or is that pricing that was expected to pick up from some of your actions, I think you put in place in the fourth quarter.
Lawrence Kurzius: I can tell you, we -- this is pricing that has been planned. We -- these price increases in order for them to be effective now were presented before our last call, I can assure you, so these are not new. And the additional pricing that we're planning later in the year was planned, the magnitude of that pricing was still flexible and we're locking that in now.
Chris Growe: Okay. Got it. And then I just want to be clear on the cost inflation, that accelerates in the second quarter. Even though pricings accelerating, it sounds like theres going to be some extra cost, so thered be ERP and the new -- and the facility costs in peers forward. That would be factors that would keep the gross margin from including much sequentially, but the second half should show that improvement as more of the pricing comes through. Is that the right way to think about that between pricing inflation?
Mike Smith: For second half as I said, for the reasons you mentioned, but also the fact that, that cost acceleration for the fuel costs and things like that into the second quarter in addition to some of the things we made out before with some of the supply chain. So yes, you're right.
Chris Growe: Okay. And I just got a question -- go ahead, sorry.
Lawrence Kurzius: I would just say I think you got it.
Chris Growe: Okay. Great. One quick question on Flavor Solutions. You talked about some strategic investment spending. Is that related to future demand? Or is that related to Peterborough, for example, are things you're moving around? I'm just curious what that referred to.
Mike Smith: That's specifically reflecting -- the majority of it is related to the Peterborough start-up costs and redundant running costs there.
Chris Growe: Okay.
Mike Smith: Which is a great new facility of net carbon 0 and manufacturing and then running, it's going to be fantastic long term, but there is a start-up cost, yes.
Operator: Our final question is from the line of Peter Galbo with Bank of America.
Peter Galbo: Just wanted to circle back, I think, to some comments you made maybe a few years ago around China and make sure some of the numbers we're working with are still okay. But I believe, in the past, you've disclosed that China is sub-10% of the business. And I think about half of that business is away from home just as we're thinking about 2Q impact of potential walk-downs.
Lawrence Kurzius: You're right about less than 10%. It's -- I think that's close enough.
Mike Smith: Taken out  I mean away from at homes, but -- 
Lawrence Kurzius: Yes, that's how -- I mean --
Mike Smith: Yes. I mean you have to remember, within our consumer business, we have -- there's products we sell that are used for both -- in foodservice that we classify them as part of the consumer, which is a little different than other parts of the world just because of the fact they could be used in both channels.
Peter Galbo: Right. Okay. Okay. And then maybe just as a follow-up, Mike. And I know we've kind of gone over this on the cost inflation side and pricing. But I just -- on reconciling the gross margin guidance specifically for the year, given kind of the hole you're working out of 1Q, some of the lasting impacts in 2Q and not margining up when you take price in the back half of the year, just -- how do you kind of still get to a flat to down 50 basis points gross margin number as you're looking at it internally? Just can you help us there?
Mike Smith: I think you have to remember, first quarter is historically the smallest quarter. So -- and the back half of the year is traditionally our biggest quarter. So there you get a math thing going that helps us as we have increased volumes and pricing and things like that. We've talked about that help fill some of that gap you're talking about. I mean we're always looking -- we talked at CAGNY, we talked on the earnings call about the things that are going to help us, whether it's CCI. People forget about the reduction in COVID costs.  We spent $60 million in COVID costs last year, of which some of that still remains in the underlying business, but that was -- that's a big tailwind for us to help offset some of the segment mix we've talked about, the pricing compression that we've talked about, which is the main driver. So there's other things we're doing, whether it's rev management, to shift to higher-margin products, both on the Flavor Solutions side and Consumer that we're intentionally doing. So there's a lot of things -- there's a lot of puts and takes within that 0 to 50% -- or 50 basis points for the full year. But we're 1 quarter in, and it's just too early to move. And things will move in that range, too, as things change with Ukraine and Russia, commodity costs, pricing. So we're comfortable with where we are right now.
Operator: I'll now turn the floor right to Lawrence Kurzius for closing remarks.
Lawrence Kurzius: Great. Thank you. McCormick is differentiated by the breadth and reach of our balanced portfolio, which has positioned us for sustainable growth. We're very proud of our solid first quarter operating performance, our disciplined and our focus on the right opportunities and investing in our business. We're continuing to accelerate our momentum and drive further growth as we successfully execute on our long-term strategies, actively respond to changing consumer behavior and capitalize on opportunities from our relative strength. We are well positioned for continued success and remain committed to driving long-term value for our shareholders.
Kasey Jenkins: Thank you, Lawrence. Thank you to everybody for joining today's call. If you have any further questions about today's information, please feel free to contact me. This concludes this morning's call. Have a nice day.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-01-27 08:00:00) =====
Kasey Jenkins: Good morning. This is Kasey Jenkins, Senior Vice President of Corporate Strategy and Investor Relations. Thank you for joining todays Fourth Quarter Earnings Call. To accompany this call, we posted a set of slides at ir.mccormick.com. We will begin with remarks from Lawrence Kurzius, Chairman, President and CEO; and Mike Smith, Executive Vice President and CFO, and we will close with a question-and-answer session. During this call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. The nature of these non-GAAP financial measures and the related reconciliations to the GAAP results are included in this mornings press release and slides. In our comments, certain percentages are rounded. Please refer to our presentation for complete information. In addition, as a reminder, todays presentation contains projections and other forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from those projected. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether because of new information, future events or other factors. Please refer to our forward-looking statements on slide two for more information. I will now turn the discussion over to Lawrence.
Lawrence Kurzius: Thank you, Kasey. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. Starting on slide four, our fourth quarter completed another year of robust and sustained growth. In 2021, we remained focused on growth, performance and people, driving another year of strong results and continuing our momentum. We drove record sales growth by executing on our long-term strategies, actively responding to changing consumer behavior and capitalizing on new opportunities, all while remaining forward-looking in an ever-changing global environment. The profit driven by our strong sales growth in 2021, while tempered by the well-known headwinds of higher inflation and broad-based supply chain challenges was also strong. Our 2021 operating performance underscores the strength of our business model, the value of our products and capabilities, and the resilience of our employees. We have a demonstrated history of managing through short-term pressures and did so again in the fourth quarter, and we expect to do the same through this inflationary environment using pricing and other levers to fully offset cost pressures over time. The breadth and reach of our global flavor portfolio ideally position us to fully knowing demand for flavor around the world and drive continued differentiated growth. This has never been more evident than over the last two years as consumers adapted to the ever-changing environment. Our compelling offerings in our Consumer and Flavor Solutions segment for every retail and customer strategy across all channels create a balanced and diversified portfolio to drive growth and consistency in our performance. It also gives us significant flexibility to adapt to changing conditions wherever they may arise and continue on our growth trajectory. This is a significant differentiator in the dynamic environment in which we currently operate. We are delivering flavor experiences for every meal occasion regardless of whether the occasion is consumed at-home or away-from-home through our products and our customers products. We are end-to-end flavor. Now turning to slide six and our fourth quarter results, our performance was at the high end of the guidance range we provided for sales and adjusted operating profit on our last earnings call and exceeded the guidance range we provided for adjusted earnings per share. On our topline versus the year ago period, we grew fourth quarter sales 11%. Both of our segments delivered strong growth with contributions from base business growth, driven by higher volume and pricing actions, as well as new products and acquisitions. Our fourth quarter adjusted operating income and adjusted earnings per share both increased 6%, driven by growth from higher sales and CCI led cost savings, partially offset by cost inflation. Lets turn to our fourth quarter segment business performance, which includes some comparisons to 2019 pre-pandemic levels, which we believe are meaningful given the level of demand volatility from quarter-to-quarter experienced in 2020. Starting on slide seven, Consumer segment sales grew 10%, including incremental sales from our Cholula acquisition. The increase was driven by strong volume growth and the impact of pricing actions phased in during the quarter as we discussed on our last earnings call. Our Consumer segment organic sales momentum on a two-year basis was up double digits, highlighting how the sustained shift in consumer consumption continues to drive increased demand for our product and outpace its pre-pandemic level. Our Americas sales growth was 13% in the fourth quarter, with incremental sales from our Cholula acquisition contributing 3% growth. Our total McCormick U.S. branded portfolio consumption, as indicated in our IRI Consumption Data and combined with unmeasured channels grew 1%, following a 17% consumption increase in the fourth quarter of 2020, which results in a 19% increase on a two-year basis. As we previously discussed in the year ago period, elevated demand challenged our supply chain were as in 2021, but the actions we took to add capacity and increase resilience, we were far better positioned and able to ship in line with consumption. Demand has remained high, and we continue to realize the benefit of our U.S. manufacturing capacity expansion, although some products remain stretched by sustained high demand. Shelf conditions are improving, as is our share performance, with another sequential improvement in the fourth quarter, as we expected. We continue to see further improvement in our recent performance as we begin 2022. Importantly, and as I just mentioned, we are better positioned than we were a year ago, and are confident in our continued momentum. Focusing further on our U.S. branded portfolio, our 19% consumption growth versus the fourth quarter of 2019 was the seventh consecutive quarter that our U.S. branded portfolio consumption grew double digits versus the two-year ago period. Our key categories also continued to outpace the center of store growth rates versus the two-year ago period. Household penetration and repeat rates have also grown versus 2019. And when consumers shop they are buying and therefore using more of our products than they were pre-pandemic. Now turning to EMEA, during the fourth quarter, we continued our momentum with strong consumption growth in key categories compared to the fourth quarter of 2019. For the full year, we gained market share in key categories and across the region. Similar to the U.S., our household penetration and repeat rates have also grown versus the two-year-ago period and when consumers shop, they are buying more than they were pre-pandemic. And in the Asia-Pacific region, our fourth quarter performance continued to reflect the recovery of Chinas lower branded food service sales last year, as well as consumer consumption growth across the region. Turning to slide nine, our Flavor Solutions segment grew 14%, reflecting higher base volume growth in new products, as well as pricing actions to partially offset cost inflation, and contributions from FONA and Cholula acquisitions. On a two-year basis, our sales also increased double digits with strong growth in all three regions. In the Americas, our FONA and Cholula acquisitions made a strong contribution to our fourth quarter growth. Additionally, we continue to see robust growth momentum with our consumer packaged food customers, as well as the recovery of demand from branded foodservice customers as more dining out options are open versus a year ago. We continue to execute on our strategy to shift our portfolio to more value-added and technically insulated products in the region, both through the addition of FONA and Cholula to our portfolio, as well as the exit of some lower margin business. Turning to EMEA, which has continued its strong momentum, we are winning in all channels with double-digit fourth quarter growth to quick service restaurants or QSRs, branded food service customers and packaged food and beverage customers. Recovery has been robust in the away-from-home part of the portfolio and growth in our at-home offerings has been outstanding. Notably, for the full year, on a two-year basis, we have driven 19% constant currency growth across the portfolio. In APZ, our momentum with our QSR customers remains strong, driving double-digit growth versus 2020, as well as on a two-year basis. As for the fourth quarter and in line with what weve said in the past, limited time offers and promotional activities can cause some sales volatility from quarter-to-quarter. Moving to our fourth quarter results, I am pleased to share highlights of our full fiscal year, including an update on our Cholula and FONA acquisitions, starting on slide 10. We drove record sales growth in 2021, growing sales 13% to $6.3 billion with strong organic sales growth and a 4% contribution from our Cholula and FONA acquisitions. Notably, on a two-year basis, we grew sales 18%, reflecting a robust and sustained growth momentum in both of our segments. Our Consumer segment sales growth of 9% was driven by consumer sustained preference for cooking more at home, fueled by our brand marketing, strong digital engagement and new products, as well as growth from Cholula. Versus 2019 we grew sales 20%, which reflects the continuation of consumers cooking and using flavor more at home and the strength of our brands. Our Flavor Solutions segment growth of 19% reflected the strong continued momentum with the at-home products in our portfolio, including a record year of new product growth and a robust recovery from last years lower demand for away-from-home products, as well as contributions from FONA and Cholula. Notably, growth was driven equally from both the at-home and away-from-home products in our portfolio. On a two-year basis, we grew sales 15%, driven by the at-home part of our portfolio, the demand for the away-from-home portion recovering to pre-pandemic levels. We have consistently driven industry-leading sales growth resulting in McCormick being named to the latest Fortune 500. Were proud of our sustained performance and for being included in this prestigious group of industry-leading companies. At year-end, our Board of Directors announced a 9% increase in our quarterly dividend, marking our 36th consecutive year of dividend increases. We have paid dividends every year since 1925 and are proud to be a dividend aristocrat. Finally, we continue to be recognized for doing whats right for people, communities and the planet. During the year, McCormick was named the United Nations Global Compact Lead Company and awarded the inaugural Terra Carta Seal from his royal highness of price of oil, our industry leadership in creating a sustainable future. And just last week, Corporate Knights ranked McCormick in their 2022 Global 100 Sustainability Index as the worlds 14th most sustainable corporation and for the sixth consecutive year number one in the food products sector. Moving to the one-year anniversary of our two fantastic recent acquisitions, Cholula and FONA are creating value, achieving synergies and delivering results according to our plans. Importantly, weve achieved our one-year sales and earnings per share accretion expectations for both Cholula and FONA. Id like to share some comments about the successful execution of our growth plans and then in a few moments, Mike, will cover in more detail our delivery on acquisition plans. Starting with Cholula on slide 12, the addition of this beloved iconic brand with authentic Mexican flavor is accelerating the growth of our global condiment platform. In our Consumer segment, were unlocking Cholulas significant growth potential by using our category management expertise, leveraging e-commerce investments, launching new products and optimizing brand marketing spend. We executed on initiatives this past year, including optimizing shelf placement and assortment, expanding into new channels, gaining momentum in e-commerce, where Cholula had been underpenetrated, increasing awareness, both through brand marketing investments and brand partnerships such as with DoorDash and leveraging promotional scale across McCormick brands. We are excited about the results our initiatives are yielding. During 2021, we gained significant momentum on top of lapping elevated growth in 2020, adding new households and growing Cholulas consumption 13% in 2021 versus last year. Cholula is continuing to outpace category growth and gain share, combined with 19% total distribution point growth in the fourth quarter of 2021, it is clear our plans are driving accelerated growth. And notably, we drove Cholula to the number two hot sauce brand in the U.S., joining Franks RedHot, the number one ranked brand at the top of the category. We are just as excited about Cholulas performance as part of our Flavor Solutions portfolio. With our broad presence across foodservice channel, we have strengthened Cholulas go-to-market model through 2021. We continue to build on Cholulas strong front-of-house presence, which builds trial and brand awareness beyond food service, with significant double-digit growth of portion control packs as more restaurant meals are now consumed as delivery or takeaway. Leveraging our culinary foundation and insights on menu trends, weve also driven double-digit growth in our back-of-house foodservice penetration through recipe inspiration and increasing Cholulas menu participation. We are growing with big national accounts and smaller independent restaurants, as well as expanding distribution through leveraging the strength of our distributor relationships where Cholula was less developed. We are succeeding with new menu items, including both permanent ones and limited time offers. Our momentum with Cholula is very strong, and we are confident our initiatives will continue to build on consumers growing passion for heat and drive further growth of this fantastic brand. Now turning to FONA, the addition of this leading North American flavor manufacturer is accelerating the growth of our global flavors platform. We are thrilled our first year of owning FONA has been a record year for the business with double-digit sales growth compared to last year. Beverages with particular strength in the fast growing performance nutrition category continued to drive significant growth for FONA up 15% compared to last year. FONAs new product wins and its pipeline potential have also hit record high fueling future growth. We are continuing to drive growth and create new opportunities with our global footprint. We are leveraging GEODIS infrastructure to expand FONAs flavors into the EMEA region. In our APZ region, the combination of our infrastructure, which includes our recent flavor capability investments to China and FONAs local application and flavor creation talent is unlocking further potential to accelerate flavor growth in that region. And just a few months ago, we began our expansion of FONAs footprint to increase our Americas flavor manufacturing capacity, an investment we planned as part of our acquisition model, enabling us to deliver the future growth we expect. By expanding our breadth and depth in developing flavors, while also combining our infrastructures to provide greater scale, as well as increasing our manufacturing capacity and technical bench strength, we are providing our collective customers with a more comprehensive product offering and fueling more opportunities for growth across our entire portfolio. We are cross-selling products across benefit of our combination within our own portfolio. For instance, with FONA now leveraging McCormicks USDA savory flavors and developing flavors for pet food applications. The combination of our capabilities has created new opportunities to participate on briefs that capitalize on core strength across McCormick and FONA, enabling us to build a robust pipeline of opportunities, and importantly, win and grow with our customers. We are thrilled with both Cholula and FONA. Our enthusiasm for these acquisitions, as well as our confidence that we will continue to achieve our plan, accelerate growth of these portfolios and drive shareholder value has only continued to strengthen. In summary, for 2021 we continue to capture the momentum we have gained in our Consumer segment and the at-home part of our Flavor Solutions segment. We have successfully navigated through the pandemic-related disruption in the away-from-home portion of our Flavor Solutions segment and Cholula and FONA have proven to be fantastic additions to our portfolio. All of this reinforces our confidence for continued growth in 2022. The global demand for flavor remains the foundation of our sales growth and we have intentionally focused on great, fast growing categories and will continue to differentiate our performance. We are capitalizing on the long-term consumer trends that accelerated during the pandemic, healthy and favorable cooking, increased digital engagement, trusted brands and purpose minded practices. These long-term trends and the rising global demand for great taste are as relevant today as ever, with the younger generations fueling them at a greater rate. Our alignment with these consumer trends, combined with the breadth and reach of our global portfolio and the successful execution of our strategies, sustainably positions us for future growth. In this current dynamic and fast paced environment, we remain focused on long-term, sustainable growth. As I mentioned earlier, we continue to experience cost pressures from higher inflation and broad-based supply chain challenges similar to the rest of the industry. To partially offset rising costs, we raised prices where appropriately last year and began to realize the impact of those actions in our fourth quarter sales growth. As costs have continued to accelerate, we are raising prices again where appropriate in 2022. These pricing actions are on track and we appreciate our customers working with us to navigate this environment. Additionally, our plans to mitigate cost pressures include our CCI led cost savings, revenue management initiatives and taking prudent steps to reduce discretionary spend where possible. Throughout our history, we have grown and compounded our growth regardless of short-term pressures and plan to do so again in 2022, as we continue to accelerate our momentum and drive growth from a position of strength. Across our Consumer segment, our 2022 plans include continuing to build consumers confidence in the kitchen, inspire their home cooking and flavor exploration, and accelerate flavored usage, including delivering on the global demand for heat. We also plan to strengthen our consumer relationships at every point of purchase, as well as create delicious, healthy and sustainable future. In our investments in brand marketing, category management and new products, we expect to drive further sales growth. For our Flavor Solutions segment, the execution of our strategy to migrate our portfolio more technically insulated and value-added categories will continue in 2022. Our plans include targeting opportunities to grow with our customers at attractive high growth categories, continuing to leverage our broad technology platform to develop clean and natural solutions that taste great and strengthening our leadership in heat. For the culinary inspired innovation and our passion for creating a flawless customer experience, we plan to continue our new product momentum and drive further sales growth. Our achievements in 2021, our effective growth strategies, as well as our robust operating momentum, all bolster our confidence in delivering another strong year of growth and performance in 2022. Were looking forward to sharing more details regarding our 2022 growth plan in just a few weeks at CAGNY. In summary, we have a strong foundation and are well equipped to navigate through this ever-changing environment, responding with agility to volatility and disruptions, while remaining focused on our long-term objectives, strategies and values that have made us so successful. We are in attractive categories and are capitalizing on the long-term consumer trends that are in our favor. A combination of our strong business model, the investments weve made, the capabilities weve built and the power of our people position us well to continue our robust growth momentum. Importantly, our strong growth trajectory supports our confidence in our long-term financial algorithm to drive continuous value creation through topline growth and margin expansion. Our fundamentals, momentum and growth outlook are stronger than ever. McCormicks employees around the world have done a tremendous job of navigating this past years volatile environment. Their agility, teamwork and passion for flavor drive our momentum and success and I want to thank them for their dedicated efforts and engagement. Now, I will turn it over to Mike.
Mike Smith: Thanks, and good morning, everyone. Before I provide additional remarks on our fourth quarter and full year results, I would like to build upon Lawrences comments on Cholula and FONA, and highlight how we have delivered on our acquisition plans now as we have completed the first year. Starting on slide 19, as Lawrence already shared, we have created value by driving sales growth according to our plans. In addition, Cholula was margin accretive to the gross and operating margins in both of our segments, and FONA was accretive to the margins in the Flavor Solutions segment. We are delivering against our synergy and one-time cost estimates, in fact doing better than our acquisition plan. Starting with our original synergy targets, for Cholula, we have achieved the target of $10 million to be fully realized by 2022. For FONA, we are on track to achieve our targeted $7 million by the end of 2023. We are also achieving revenue synergies as expected. Our transaction and integration costs for Cholula and FONA are both lower than our acquisition plans. Early in 2021, we took the opportunity in a low interest rate environment to optimize our long-term financing following the acquisitions, raising $1 billion through the issuance of five-year 0.9% notes and 10-year 1.85% notes, and therefore, realized lower interest expense than we originally projected. Additionally, our ongoing amortization expense is favorable to both of the acquisition models. In summary, we executed our year one acquisition plans in line with and in some areas better than our modeled, including the adjusted earnings per share accretion we expected. Successful acquisitions are a key part of our long-term growth strategy. Importantly, we have a proven track record of driving value through acquisitions and increasing the performance of acquired businesses, and Cholula and FONA are adding to that history. Now for our fourth quarter and full year performance, starting on slide 20, our fourth quarter capped off a year of record sales growth. During the fourth quarter, we grew constant currency sales 10%, with higher volume and product mix, acquisitions and pricing each contributing to the increases in both segments. Our organic sales growth was 6%, driven by strong growth in both the Consumer and Flavor Solutions segments, and incremental sales from our Cholula and FONA acquisitions contributed 4% across both segments. Versus the fourth quarter of 2019, we grew sales 15% in constant currency, with both our Consumer and Flavor Solutions segments growing double digits. During the fourth quarter, our Consumer segment sales grew 9% in constant currency, driven by higher volume and product mix, pricing actions and a 2% increase from our Cholula acquisition. The year-over-year increase was led by double-digit growth in the Americas and Asia-Pacific regions. Compared to the fourth quarter of 2019, sales grew 14% in constant currency, led by the Americas. On slide 21, Consumer segment sales in the Americas increased 13% in constant currency, driven primarily by higher volume and product mix, as the sustained shift to at-home consumption continues to drive increased demand, as well as lapping last years capacity constraints. Pricing actions and a 3% increase from the Cholula acquisition also contributed to sales growth. Compared to the fourth quarter of 2019, sales increased 19% in constant currency, driven by broad-based growth across branded products, as well as an increase from the Cholula acquisition. A decline in private label sales partially offset the branded growth. In EMEA, constant currency consumer sales declined 5% from a year ago, due to lapping the high demand across the region last year. On a two-year basis, sales increased 5% in constant currency, driven by growth in spices and seasonings, hot sauce and mustard. Consumer sales in the Asia-Pacific region increased 11% in constant currency, due to the recovery of branded foodservice sales in China or away-from-home products and higher sales of cooking at-home products across the region. Compared to the fourth quarter of 2019, sales were flat, with growth across the region offset by a sales decline in India, due to the exit of some lower margin business. Turning to our Flavor Solutions segment on slide 24, we grew fourth quarter constant currency sales 12%, including a 7% increase from our FONA and Cholula acquisitions. The year-over-year increase was led by double-digit growth in the Americas and EMEA regions. Compared to the fourth quarter of 2019, Flavor Solutions segment sales grew 16% in constant currency. In the Americas, Flavor Solutions constant currency sales grew 13% year-over-year, with FONA and Cholula contributing 11%. Organic sales growth was driven by the recovery of demand from branded foodservice and other restaurant customers, higher sales to packaged food and beverage companies with strength in snack seasonings and pricing. On a two-year basis, sales increased 15% in constant currency versus 2019, driven by higher sales from acquisitions and packaged food and beverage companies, partially offset by the exit of some lower margin business in other parts of the portfolio. In EMEA, constant currency sales grew 16% compared to last year, due to increased sales to QSRs and branded foodservice customers, as well as continued growth momentum with packaged food and beverage companies. Constant currency sales increased 26% versus the fourth quarter of 2019, driven by strong sales growth with packaged food and beverage companies and QSR customers. In the Asia-Pacific region, Flavor Solutions sales rose 1% in constant currency versus last year and increased 8% in constant currency versus the fourth quarter of 2019, both driven by QSR growth and partially impacted by the timing of our customers limited time offers and promotional activities. As seen on slide 28, adjusted operating income, which excludes transaction and integration costs related to the Cholula and FONA acquisitions, as well as special charges, increased 6% in the fourth quarter versus the year ago period, with minimal impact from currency. Adjusted operating income in the Consumer segment increased 14% or in constant currency 13%. Higher sales and CCI led cost savings more than offset cost pressures from inflation and logistics challenges. Brand marketing investments as planned were 10% lower in the quarter, following an 18% Consumer segment increase in the fourth quarter of last year. For the full year, we increased our brand marketing investments 3%. In the Flavor Solutions segment, adjusted operating income declined 16% or 15% in constant currency. Higher sales and CCI led cost savings were more than offset by the cost pressures in this segment, unfavorable product mix and costs related to supply chain investments. Across both segments, incremental investment spending for our ERP program was offset by lower COVID-19 costs compared to last year. As seen on slide 29, adjusted gross profit margin declined 150 basis points, driven primarily by the net impact of cost pressures we are experiencing and the phase-in of our pricing actions. Our selling, general and administrative expense as a percentage of sales declined 70 basis points, driven by leverage from sales growth and the reduction in brand marketing, I just mentioned. These impacts netted to an adjusted operating margin decline of 80 basis points as we had expected. For the fiscal year, adjusted gross profit margin declined 140 basis points, primarily driven by the cost pressures we experienced in the second half of the year and the lag in pricing. Adjusted operating income grew 6% in constant currency, with the Consumer segments adjusted operating income increasing 1% and the Flavor Solutions segment, 23%. Both segments were driven by higher sales and CCI led cost savings, partially offset by cost pressures and incremental strategic investment spending. Adjusted operating margin declined 80 basis points for the fiscal year, driven by the adjusted gross profit margin decline. Turning to income taxes, our fourth quarter adjusted effective tax rate was 21.3%, compared to 22.9% in the year ago period. Both periods were favorably impacted by discrete tax items. For the full year, our adjusted tax rate was 20.1%, comparable to 19.9% in 2020. Adjusted income from unconsolidated operations declined 40% versus the fourth quarter of 2020 and 5% for the full year. The elimination of higher earnings associated with minority interest impacted both comparisons unfavorably. Our adjusted income from operations was also unfavorably impacted by the elimination of ongoing income from Eastern continents, following the sale of our minority stake earlier this year. For the fiscal year, this was partially offset by strong performance from our McCormick to Mexico joint venture. At the bottomline, as shown on slide 32, fourth quarter 2021 adjusted earnings per share increased to $0.84 from $0.79 in the year ago period. And for the year, adjusted earnings per share increased 8% to $3.05 for fiscal year 2021. The increases for both comparisons were driven by higher adjusted operating income attributable to strong sales growth. On slide 33, we summarize highlights for cash flow and the year-end balance sheet. Our cash flow from operations for the year was $828 million. The decrease from last year was primarily due to the higher use of cash associated with working capital, and the payment of transaction and integration costs. The working capital comparison includes the impact of higher inventory levels to support significantly increased demand and to mitigate supply and service issues, as well as buffer against cost volatility. Weve returned $363 million of this cash to our shareholders through dividends and used $278 million for capital expenditures in 2021. Our capital expenditures included growth investments and optimization projects across the globe. For example, our new U.K. Flavor Solutions manufacturing facility, our ERP business transformation, additional hot sauce capacity in the U.S. and our new U.S. Northeast Distribution Center. In 2022, we expect our capital expenditures to be higher than 2021, as we continue to spend on the initiatives we have in progress, as well as to support our investments to fuel future growth. We expect 2022 to be a year of strong cash flow driven by profit and working capital initiatives, and our priority is to continue to have a balanced use of cash, funding investments to drive growth, returning a significant portion to our shareholders through dividends and paying down debt. Now turning to our 2022 financial outlook on slide 34, we are well-positioned for another strong year of growth and performance in 2022. We are projecting strong topline and operating performance, with earnings growth partially offset by a higher projected effective tax rate. We also expect there will be an estimated 1 percentage point unfavorable impact of currency rates on sales, adjusted operating income and adjusted earnings per share. On the topline, we expect to grow constant currency sales 4% to 6%. As Lawrence mentioned, we are taking further pricing actions in 2022, and as a result, expect pricing to be a significant driver of our growth. We expect volume and product mix to be impacted by elasticities, although at a lower level than we have experienced historically. We plan to drive growth through the strength of our brands, as well as our category management, brand marketing, new products and customer engagement growth plans. Our volume and product mix will also continue to be impacted by our pruning of lower margin business from our portfolio. Our 2022 adjusted gross margin is projected to range between comparable to 2021 to 50 basis points lower than 2021. This adjusted gross margin compression reflects the anticipated impact of a mid-teens increase in cost inflation, an unfavorable impact of sales mix between segments, a favorable impact from pricing and CCI led cost savings. As a reminder, we price to offset dollar cost increases. We do not margin up. This has a dilutive impact on our adjusted gross margin and is the primary driver of our projected compression. We expect to grow our adjusted operating income 8% to 10% in constant currency, which reflects our robust operating momentum, a reduction in COVID-19 related costs and our continuing investment in ERP business transformation. This projection includes inflationary pressure in the mid-teens, a low single-digit increase in brand marketing investments and our CCI led cost savings target of approximately $85 million. Our cost savings target reflects the challenges of realizing commodity and packaging cost savings in the current inflationary environment. Importantly, we believe there continues to be a long runway to achieve cost savings in 2022 and beyond. Based on the expected timing of certain items, we expect our profit growth to be weighted to the second half of the year. Our additional 2022 pricing actions are expected to be phased in during the second quarter. Cost inflation will have a more significant impact in the first half of 2022, as cost pressures accelerated in the back half of last year. We also expect our ERP investment to be higher earlier in the year versus 2021. As a reminder, we are also lapping a very strong business performance in the first quarter of 2021. Our 2022 adjusted effective income tax rate is projected to be 22% to 23% based upon our estimated mix of earnings by geography, as well as factoring in a level of discrete impacts. This outlook versus our 2021 adjusted effective tax rate is expected to be a headwind to our 2022 adjusted earnings per share growth of approximately 3%. Our 2022 adjusted earnings per share expectations reflect strong operating profit growth of 8% to 10% in constant currency, partially offset by the tax headwind, I just mentioned. This results in an increase of 4% to 6% or 5% to 7% in constant currency. Our guidance range for adjusted earnings per share in 2022 is $3.17 to $3.22, compared to $3.05 of adjusted earnings per share in 2021. In summary, we are well-positioned with our broad and advantaged flavor portfolio, our robust operating momentum and effective growth strategies to drive another year of strong growth and performance.
Lawrence Kurzius: Now that Mike has shared our financial results and outlook in more detail, I would like to recap the key takeaways as seen on slide 35. We drove record sales growth in 2021. Our strong operating performance underscores the strength of our business model, the value of our products and capabilities, and the resilience of our employees. We achieved our one-year Cholula and FONA acquisition plans. Cholula and FONA have proven to be fantastic additions to our portfolio. We have a demonstrated history of managing through short-term pressures on driving growth, as we did in the fourth quarter. McCormick has grown and compounded that growth successfully over the years regardless of the environment. We have a strong foundation, we are in attractive categories and were capitalizing on the long-term consumer trends that are in our favor. We are confident that our broad and advantaged flavor portfolio, our robust operating momentum and effective growth strategies, we will drive another year of strong growth in 2022 and build value for our shareholders. Now lets turn to your questions.
Operator: Thank you.  Thank you. And our first question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thanks, everybody, and good morning.
Lawrence Kurzius: Good morning Andrew.
Andrew Lazar: Good morning. I guess to start off, McCormick, is essentially guiding to an on algorithm year in what is obviously been described as a still pretty difficult industry-wide operating environment. I was hoping you could walk us through maybe some of the really the key puts and takes in a little more detail that provide you with the visibility to achieve this. And maybe what I am getting at is more detail on the dynamics still very much at play, as you mentioned some of them in your first quarter, I think basically, investors are trying to get a better handle on sort of the achievability of the full year in light of all of the difficult dynamics that are playing out in 1Q and just trying to get a sense of just how back end loaded the year is and your level of visibility there? So any more detail on that would be helpful.
Lawrence Kurzius: Great. Thanks, Andrew. Well, first of all, I dont think anyone should be only surprised by the topline guidance. I think at the end of the third quarter, we indicated that we expect it to grow in 2022 and tried to indicate that we thought everyones outlook for us was a bit pessimistic and you can see that we have a pretty upbeat view of where our sales are going. The underlying trends that support our business that we talked about in our prepared remarks are strong. The demand for flavor is not cyclical or obsolete or pandemic related, but its under girded by real demographics with older generations, fueling that demand and we think that the consumption. The shift in consumption at-home that has happened in recent years is just a continuation of a long-term trend that supports our business from an underlying standpoint and all the things that we do in our strategies for brand building and so on continue to be supportive of growth. The year also includes a significant impact on the topline from pricing, which may be underestimated previously and so thats going to factor into it. I guess the shape of the year our fourth quarter is always the strongest part of the year. The first quarter is also always the smallest part and that may be compounded a bit this year by the fact that really the full impact of our pricing actions wont have gone into effect in the first quarter. The pricing actions that we took last year, of course, are in effect now, but the next round of pricing wont go into effect until, as we as through the second half -- until as we go through the second quarter and thats going to affect both the topline and the bottomline. I will pass it over to Mike now for some comments on operating profit.
Mike Smith: Yeah. Just to highlight a little bit to getting into that on sales in the first quarter, were really comparing against a really strong first quarter of last year, where consumer was up really dramatically. So theres going to be a bit of a segment mix challenge in the first quarter. Talking about the first half also cost -- as pricing will grow during the year, costs though, which we talked about in mid-teens increase will be in effect in the first quarter. There will be a tough comparison there too, because the pricing wont offset that. If you remember back to last year, we had low single-digit inflation earlier in last year that rose to the high single-digit at the end of the year, now at mid single-teens thats a tough comp for the first quarter primarily and a bit of the first half. The other thing we have also is the ERP spend we talked about and we can talk about that later a little bit. But the timing of that -- last year we had some minimal spending in Q1 also. So a bunch of drivers that we think the profit will be back loaded in the year would be a bit of a tough comp in Q1.
Andrew Lazar: Got it. And then, I guess, lastly, with mid-teens inflation expected for the full year, sort of would suggest maybe, call it, high single-digit pricing would be needed to sort of protect profit dollars. And I guess that would imply maybe closer to maybe a mid single-digit decline in volume for the year. Is that kind of broadly the right way to think about the balance and what does that suggest in terms of elasticity and sort of comparing to historic levels? I think you mentioned, youre building in some elasticity, of course, as more pricing kicks in, but maybe not to the extent that youve seen historically. If you could just give us a sense of whats driving that thought process?
Lawrence Kurzius: Yeah. Sure. Andrew, I think that you got the -- youve got the -- at a high level, the shape right, but maybe too extreme on the end. I think that characterize pricing, including the wrap from last year, to be more in the mid-to-high range and more of for the volume impact at a total company level to be more flattish to low single-digit decline. We have modeled in elasticity, but not at the rates that we have seen historically. I do think that were in new and uncharted territory versus all of the elasticity models, at least from the actions that weve taken so far. We assumed lower price elasticity and that what we seem to be experiencing, if anything, we may be seeing slightly even less elasticity than weve assumed. But were conscious that with more than one price increase coming in a relatively short timeframe that there may be a cumulative effect. So we have modeled it price elasticity. Mike, do you want to elaborate on that at all, if you have anything to add?
Mike Smith: No. I think you covered it well.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thanks very much everybody.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Lawrence Kurzius: Hi, Ken.
Ken Goldman: Good morning. Oh! Sorry, I was on mute. Thanks so much. Youre guiding to operating profit growing 200 basis points faster than sales, which is, of course, normal as per year ago. But I think typically, you might expect gross margins to be a positive driver towards that and this year, they might be a slight negative. So, I guess, the burden to grow operating profit falls harder on SG&A savings or leverage than usual this year. And I kind of just wanted to quickly go over the drivers of your confidence that SG&A can be this helpful. I mean, we do have marketing growing at a slower pace than sales, I appreciate that, and you, of course, have lower COVID costs there. But I was under the impression you would also have maybe ERP implementation cost kind of offsetting those COVID cost reductions. You did mention CCI savings will be less of a tailwind. So forgive the lengthy question, but I am just not quite sure I get why operating income will be up so much unless theres something in the SG&A efficiencies that I am just quite not getting yet. So thank you for that.
Lawrence Kurzius: Thats a good question, Ken. I will start off. You highlighted exactly what were seeing. A&P is up low-single digits, continuing to invest in the business. Other SG&A is kind of flattish if you think about it. In a high -- we gave our CCI number and in a year where CCI is down versus the previous year, because of the toughness of getting through CCI reductions and things like packaging costs and commodity costs. In SG&A, theres -- were driving hard on SG&A from a CCI perspective, so you should see positives there. COVID cost didnt only hit the gross margin line. There were COVID costs in the distribution side of things, which will go away in 2022. Were taking discretionary actions to really in a high cost environment. Were doing the prudent things to make sure we can make our numbers. And I would say things like incentive comp, weve had two really strong years of that and we budget towards hitting our targets and we would love to exceed it, but that is a part of the comparison too also.
Ken Goldman: I hope your personal
Mike Smith: With the
Ken Goldman: Go ahead.
Mike Smith: Yeah. I will step on there, too. With the high topline growth and the flattish SG&A, that even with the gross margin flat to slightly down in that range. Its kind of -- youre going to get operating leverage thats going to drop through.
Ken Goldman: Yes. No. Thats helpful. Thank you. And then, quickly, I wondered if you can update us, maybe you said it and I didnt quite hear it. But where your customer inventories stand today as you estimate them to be versus what might be considered normal. And if your outlook to any extent, it assumes that any kind of inventory refill takes place this year. I know weve been waiting for something like this for all of our companies for a long time.
Lawrence Kurzius: Yeah.
Ken Goldman: I am just curious what youre modeling there?
Lawrence Kurzius: Well, we have not restocked our customers to the extent that we would have hoped in 2021. We have started to make some progress on that and then we run into the same kind of supply chain disruptions at many of our peers and others and other industries have talked about. And so, we actually pulled down customer inventories again in Q3, and in Q4, with the high elevated demand, even though our supply chain was in much better condition, we were really able to ship to the consumption rather than lease stocks. So we think that theres still some restocking of customer inventories that still to be done. I mean your own experience would probably tell you that if conditions still arent perfect, the backrooms and distribution channels, likewise, still have some gaps. So theres still more work to do in that area.
Ken Goldman: I live in New York City. The state of grocery stores here is always at a low level. So its kind of hard to tell whats bad versus whats normal. Thank you very much. I appreciate it.
Lawrence Kurzius: Yeah. Right. Sure. I will say is that, I dont want those comments to be misunderstood. I think that we saw a peak disruption of our supply chain in Q4 and weve seen steady improvement since then. Some of the feedback weve gotten from our larger customers is that were in much better shape than some of our peer companies.
Ken Goldman: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Robert Moskow: Hi. Thanks for the question. One follow-up for Mike, is it fair to say that your COVID costs will be a benefit in 2022 of $60 million just comparing to $21 million? And then how do I compare that to ERP costs, are your ERP costs going to be higher in 2022 compared to 2021? Can you give us a rough estimate? And then, secondly, on private label, if you look back into history, private label does gain a lot of share during inflationary periods, especially in your category. Can you talk about what youve seen from your customers demand for private label heading into 2022 and how do you expect it to perform in 2022 in a rising price environment?
Mike Smith: Rob, I will take the first part of that, and Lawrence, take the second. First, great question, COVID cost and ERP are big drivers on our P&L. COVID costs, we did talk about how two years ago, we spent $50 million, last year $60 million. If you remember, we highlighted a large chunk of that was co-packing cost. So as we come out, our supply chain has improved over last year in the fourth quarter. Weve eliminated most of those costs. But we still have underlying costs that, frankly, were not treating as COVID cost anymore. Were treating as an ongoing business cost of labor, premium pay, things like that. They are going to continue into the future. So, that -- I am not going to give you an exact number. Its not $60 million. The significant part of that is going away in 22. Relating to ERP, if you remember from our third quarter call last year, we were talking about it at the time, a decrease in COVID costs in -- we expected a decrease in COVID costs in 2022 offset by an increase in the ERP costs. That being said, what were saying now is and our -- were still spending significant amounts on ERP in 2022. We spent -- we had talked last year about spending in 2021 around $50 million. 2021 came in a little heavier than that and in 2022, were going to -- its not a significant headwind, but its still a significant investment. Id say its up slightly. It wasnt big enough to mention in our guidance. Now what has changed since three months ago? One, elevated and strong demand. Were really happy with that demand. As we went through our planning process, which we always do in the fall, the combination of that elevated demand, and as you know, our fourth quarter is really important to us and we have planned on significant go-lives in 2022. One, to protect our customer service and to make sure we are prudent. The go-lives would have slid into the fourth quarter because you have to build inventories and things like that to get ready for these major go-lives. We made the decision to slide those major go-lives out into 2023. The end result of all those moves is roughly between 2021, 2022 and 2023, its about the same level of spend. So its very smooth. It kind of eliminates that noise between years, which help you look at our underlying growth of operating profit over that time. But were still really excited about the ERP investment, but we just made the decision, as I just talked about.
Robert Moskow: Right. Got it. Okay.
Lawrence Kurzius: Regarding your second question, Rob. So far, first of all, for the last couple of years, private label has actually underperformed in the category. You even heard on our remarks that although our fourth quarter was strong, the private label portion of it was actually not a contributor to that strength. And were really not seeing consumers move to private label in our categories, and in fact, its really moved more to brands than to private label. And past times when theres been a recessionary environment and I dont know that were expecting a recession in 2022. But even in tough times that were more economically tough, our products have done very well, our products contribute pennies, a fraction of the cost of the meal are actually part of the consumers way to manage their total inflation basket. I mean if meat is going up 40%, one way you can stretch your grocery dollar is to buy less expensive cuts and use more on  spices and our recipe goes. So actually we tend to do pretty well both in good and bad economic times, and I am confident that weve got a portfolio of products that touches the consumer at every price point. I know in our internal discussions around pricing, weve been very conscious of the lower income consumers and how to make sure that were still able to meet their needs for flavor.
Robert Moskow: Okay. Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Adam Samuelson: Yes. Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Lawrence Kurzius: Good morning, Adam.
Mike Smith: Good morning.
Adam Samuelson: So, I guess, my first question maybe is around the fourth quarter and really turning to the Flavor Solutions business. And I guess, the operating profit and margin performance in that business, it contracted pretty sharply with consumer and I know this is a big consumer quarter. But maybe if you could just talk about some of the profit and margin drivers in Flavor Solutions in the fiscal fourth quarter and maybe in the 2022 outlook, how we should think about the relative segment performance between Consumer and Flavor Solutions versus your total company earning?
Mike Smith: Hey, Adam. This is Mike. I will take that. Yeah. In fourth quarter, Flavor Solutions did have a bit of margin pressure. I mean, similar to consumer, obviously, the cost last year came ahead of our pricing actions. So that did -- obviously that impacted Flavor Solutions. But as we catch up into the first quarter and second quarter, that should be solved. But they did increase very quickly for us. I mean theres pass-throughs contractual agreements, so theres timing elements to a lot of our Flavor Solutions business. That thing being said, one of the -- youve seen also the great volume growth and sales growth weve had in Flavor Solutions over the past couple of years, and were making strategic investments such as the U.K. flavor manufacturing plant. Those investments have costs associated with them. So in the fourth quarter, as were starting to bring that plant live into next year and you should expect in early 2022, also a bit of a drag early in the year of Flavor Solutions you will see a bit of that due to the strategic investments of which the U.K. flavor manufacturing plant is just one. And we did have a little bit of unfavorable mix in the quarter, even though we were pruning -- continue to prune some of our lower margin business, there was a bit of a hard comparison versus 4Q of last year.
Lawrence Kurzius: I will say if theres an area where we still have some ongoing, Id say, extraordinary costs, Id say Flavor Solutions might be a little bit more impacted by that, where weve had -- just because of supply chain disruption and workforce disruption where weve had a bit more incremental cost for things like overtime premium pay and so forth.
Adam Samuelson: Okay. And then maybe just continuing in Flavor Solutions, if I am thinking about as part of the bridge in 2022, right, the company level, being tight on SG&A is clearly a key element of hitting the total company profit growth targets. In contrast in Flavor Solutions, a big part of the growth has been to remix the portfolio up into some of these higher value segments, which obviously come with higher gross margins, but also typically will have a higher SG&A burden in terms of the R&D and the technical sales associated with that. Just are you still able to make both the facility and the headcount investments necessary on the Flavor Solutions side to support those -- the growth there?
Lawrence Kurzius: Well, definitely. I mean, I think, as I alluded, were making those investments and there will be timing impacts, like I said, first half a bit with some of these investments for some of our strategic things. But we recovered those things by the end of the year and we feel very good about the ability. And acquisitions like phone up continue and the growth profile of those businesses give us more confidence over time of the positivity of those investments to Flavor Solutions.
Adam Samuelson: Okay.
Mike Smith: And I will remind everybody, our Flavor Solutions tend to be a bit lumpy as well, driven by the activities of some of our large customers.
Adam Samuelson: Got it. Thats all helpful. I will pass it on. Thank you.
Lawrence Kurzius: Yeah.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Growe with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Chris Growe: Thank you. Good morning. I have just a couple of questions for you. I was just curious, the level of inflation that were seeing this year kind of mid-teens inflation was more than I expected and I just wanted to get a sense of how much was it in 2021, what were you kind of up against this past year, just to get a sense of the kind of total amount of inflation? And then also just to understand, I dont know Ive heard it about, is there any more inflation in Flavor Solutions versus Consumers or one thats going to require more pricing as we move through the year?
Mike Smith: Hi, Chris. Its Mike. I will answer that. I mean, last year we started out the year, as you remember, low-single digits and we transitioned into mid-single digits around -- I think around the third quarter call. In the fourth quarter call, we talked about the fourth quarter costs were up high-single digits, which made the whole year high end of the mid single-digit range
Chris Growe: Okay.
Mike Smith: at least, I am saying it, so just to remind you where we were. This year is the mid-teens really driven by large commodity packaging and freight increases that weve all seen. From a Flavor Solutions versus Consumer, theyre both impacted by all this. I mean, ocean freight, which is a big item for us because as you think about our peers, we get a lot of our products from Asia, other parts of the world where shipping containers and things like that. That ocean cost has gone up a lot. That impacts both the Consumer and the Flavor Solutions very equitably. Other items like pepper, garlic, things like that, we use on both sides. So Id say, its roughly the same overall materially.
Chris Growe: Okay. Yeah. Thats helpful. Thank you. And the other question I had was just in -- you talked a little bit before, I think, it was to Robs question about third-party -- using third parties to manufacture your products and that kind of thing. It sounds like youve gotten out of a lot of that and I know that was a gross margin drag throughout the past couple of years and I think a lot of what you call COVID cost. So, just to be clear, thats something that will largely go away in 2022? And I guess related to that
Lawrence Kurzius: Yeah.
Chris Growe: Well, go ahead, go ahead.
Lawrence Kurzius: Yeah. Its the incremental portion thats going to go away. We always have a certain example of that
Chris Growe: Okay.
Lawrence Kurzius: I mean that makes sense
Chris Growe: Yeah.
Lawrence Kurzius:  for our business for a variety of reasons. I would say, lets say, more in line with the historical level of co-packing is that incremental co-packing and at a time when everybody was looking for the capacity that was -- that created all of those premium costs that we absorb ourselves and which weve gotten out of the business.
Chris Growe: Okay. I guess what I am hopefully getting to is, I guess, then, is -- are you able to produce at the level of demand growth today? Thats something that every company has been struggling with and I am just curious kind of where McCormick stands on that now. I guess as you pull back on these incremental third parties are indicating, you do have the internal capacity to meet demand, is that right?
Lawrence Kurzius: Yeah. That is right, Chris. And I would say that the challenge has always been in the Americas, first of all. So weve been able to meet the demand throughout the entire pandemic in the rest of the world. Its been an Americas demand. Were just between the scale of the business and the sheer elevation of demand. And the fact that our capital investments had for the previous number of years been directed towards building capacity overseas, that left us a little under invested in the U.S. It gave us a real challenge in the early days of the pandemic. But weve done an enormous amount of work to increase our U.S. manufacturing capacity and confident that weve got the capacity to meet that demand. Thats why that co-packing expense has gone away. Thats a root of the improvement in our service to our customers, the restoration of product on the shelf, the recovery of share. This -- our supply chain has always been a competitive advantage from global sourcing to operating excellence. And Id say that, although, it will never be good enough to my satisfaction, has come a long way, and Id say, its a competitive advantage again.
Chris Growe: Okay.
Mike Smith: So we continue to work with our vendors. We struggle with the same challenges that all of our peers have with supplying bottles and things like that and there will be sporadic challenges along the way, but not broad based.
Chris Growe: Okay. Thats helpful. Thanks for all your time.
Lawrence Kurzius: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Peter Galbo with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Peter Galbo: Hey, guys. Good morning. Thank you for taking the questions.
Lawrence Kurzius: Good morning.
Peter Galbo: Mike, I guess, were getting some questions this morning just on trying to square the gross margin guidance, just given the level of cost inflation. I know you spoke about ocean freight and commodities. I guess, one, is that cost inflation line just only pertinent to cost of goods, does it include outbound freight, which I think you guys captured in SG&A and maybe how we should think about just the cadence of gross margin throughout the course of the year?
Mike Smith: Well, first, outbound freight is considered cost of goods sold for us. So were similar to our peers. I mean, if you look at our gross margin, were guiding comparable to down 50 basis points. The whole impact of pricing mid single-teens inflation is a big drag on that. So were thinking of a 250 basis point dilution just because of pricing to cover costs. From a timing -- but thats offset, the good positives are CCI savings continuing to prove lower margin business and the COVID costs weve talked about previously. Next year has a little bit of a segment mix headwind as you know. And -- but Id say from a timing perspective, as we talked about, the timing of our pricing coming in the second pricing come impact in the second quarter. It will build during the year cost, which will be with us the full year, so the first quarter will be heavily impacted as we talked about and the first half, a bit of that too, so its a bit of a first half, second half play as weve talked about from a gross margin perspective.
Lawrence Kurzius: I will also just chime in that we have great brands that we invest behind in most of our categories in most of our markets. Were not only the share of voice leader in terms of speaking to the consumer, but in many cases, we have close to 100% of the shareholder voice. Weve got a great position on the shelf. Weve done a lot to build loyalty with consumers, keep our brands relevant and we believe that weve got the pricing power to pass these costs through and continue to drive growth in the future beyond that.
Peter Galbo: Got it. Okay. Thanks very much. And Lawrence, maybe just a separate question, I know theres nothing in the at least initial outlook as it relates to M&A. But I think theres been some headlines, obviously, about some potential brands that could be nice adjacencies for you guys that could come to market. Just how youre thinking about M&A this year, where maybe you think the target leverage ratio needs to be before you think about taking on another deal? Thanks very much guys.
Lawrence Kurzius: Well, there have certainly been some exciting headlines in what its supposed to be a boring industry. So there is a lot going on out there. Yeah, I would say that, we always are alert to strategic assets and to which we apply our financial discipline. We got a great track record of buying great assets and integrating them. Were still coming off a fairly recent acquisition of two very good assets, Cholula and FONA that have performed very well for us, but that we still got paid for and so right now our primary focus is on deleveraging and building more dry powder. I wont -- I am not going to say never, but thats our primary focus right now.
Peter Galbo: Thanks very much guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question today comes from the line of Rob Dickerson with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Rob Dickerson: Hi. Great. Thanks so much. Good morning. So just to clarify, look, as we go through 2020 and obviously, fiscal 2021, rate demand has been strong for in-home baking. You benefited, obviously. I mean, it seems like, as you said, kind of in the call that, elasticity models are probably a little bit all over the place, just kind of given where we are in terms of strength in consumer and increasing prices. So, I mean, it sounds like your perspective from here is that consumption level, even with an increase in price and potentially, lets say, an increase in our ability as we get through the year, really shouldnt be kind of waning that much, right, like the feel demographically with the incremental purchase rate, lets say, repeat from millennials that even if prices go up, maybe private label doesnt take them a share and kind of overall demand seems to be somewhat stable. I just kind of want to get clarification on that demand piece just given mobility and trade down risk. Thats all.
Lawrence Kurzius: Okay. Well, I mean taking this as the primarily very U.S.-centric question. But we do expect that the shift in consumption to more cooking at-home and that consumer behavior to stick to an extent. Weve never said that all of its going to stay. But we do expect that a significant portion of that is going to stay and that this has been a step-up in our category. I mean consumers are still working from home and it looks like work from home is going to be a permanent part of the work environment. Our own proprietary research with consumers say that only a tiny fraction, I mean, less than 10% expect to cook less at-home than they do now, most expect to cook more. And so based on what we see happening in society, the -- what consumers are saying and but we are still experiencing from elevated demand and says that demand is going to continue to be strong. And I would just say also that we are in categories that weve chosen to be in that are strong to begin with and theres been strong underlying growth of all of the flavor categories that were in over time. And the increment that has happened from the shift in consumption during the last two years really has accelerated growth by maybe a year or two of those categories. So its not as extraordinary as everyone thinks, I just have that much to follow on.
Rob Dickerson: Okay. Yeah. Thats fair. And then, quickly, just Mike, just on free cash flow. I think, you said, you expect it to be up year-over-year kind of a good strong free cash flow year. CapEx seems to be up a little bit year-over-year however and then we sold free cash flow kind of down a little bit last year relative to the prior, call it, three years, four years. So just when you say kind of good strong free cash flow year that, obviously, youre implying its up year-over-year, but maybe its a little bit more in line with the prior few years. Just trying to get a little bit more sense of clarity on kind of how youre viewing free cash flow. Thats it. Thanks.
Mike Smith: Yeah. I think thats fair, Rob. I think, this year, with the significant build in inventories to protect our customers and sales, some of the transaction costs we talked about earlier in the year from M&A has a little drag on that. But as we see into the future, some of those things get solved, so back to previous year levels, it makes sense.
Rob Dickerson: All right. Great. Thanks so much.
Mike Smith: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we reached the end of the question-and-answer session. I will turn the floor back to Lawrence Kurzius for closing remarks.
Lawrence Kurzius: Great. Thanks, everyone, for your questions and for participating on todays call. McCormick is differentiated by the breadth and reach of our balanced portfolio, which has sustainably positioned us for growth. I am incredibly proud of McCormicks 2021 accomplishments. We drove strong performance while remaining focused on growth, committed to people and driven by purpose during another dynamic year. Were disciplined in our focus on the right opportunities and investing in our business. We are continuing to accelerate our momentum and drive further growth as we successfully execute on our long-term strategies, actively respond to changing consumer behavior and capitalize on opportunities from our relative strength. We are well-positioned for continued success and long-term shareholder value creation. Thank you for your time this morning.
Kasey Jenkins: Thank you, Lawrence, and thanks to, everybody, for joining todays call. If you have any further questions regarding todays information, please feel free to contact me. This concludes this mornings call.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-09-30 08:00:00) =====
Disclaimer*: This transcript is designed to be used alongside the freely available audio recording on this page. Timestamps within the transcript are designed to help you navigate the audio should the corresponding text be unclear. The machine-assisted output provided is partly edited and is designed as a guide.:
Operator: 00:02 Good morning. This is Kasey Jenkins, Vice President of McCormick Investor Relations. Thank you for joining todays Third Quarter Earnings Call. To accompany this call, we posted a set of slides at ir.mccormick.com. We will begin with remarks from Lawrence Kurzius, Chairman, President and CEO; and Mike Smith, Executive Vice President and CFO and we will close with a question-and-answer session. 00:26 During this call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. The nature of those non-GAAP financial measures and the related reconciliations to the GAAP results are included in this morning's press release and slides. 00:39 In our comments, certain percentages are rounded. Please refer to our presentation for complete information. In addition, as a reminder, todays presentation contains projections and other forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from those projected. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements whether because of new information, future events or other factors. Please refer to our forward-looking statement on slide two for more information. 01:09 I will now turn the discussion over to Lawrence.
Lawrence Kurzius: 01:12 Thank you, Kasey. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. Our third quarter performance demonstrates again that the combination of our balanced portfolio with the effective of execution of our strategies to capitalize on accelerating consumer trends and strong engagement with our employees have positioned us well to drive differentiated growth. Remarkably, we delivered an eight percent sales increase versus last year and seventeen percent versus twenty nineteen. 01:40 Our third quarter results reflect a robust and sustained growth momentum as we delivered organic sales growth on top of our exceptional third quarter performance last year. Our third quarter results also include strong contributions from Cholula and FONA. 01:55 Sales growth in our Flavor Solutions segment was broad based with the at-home products in our portfolio, flavors and seasoning, growing at approximately the same rate as our away-from-home product, which was primarily driven by a robust recovery from last year's lower demand from our restaurants and other food service customers attributable to COVID-nineteen restrictions and consumers reluctance to dine out. 02:18 Our consumer segment results reflect the lapping of the year ago elevated demand in the lockdown days of the pandemic from consumers eating and cooking more at home, as well as a sustained shift to consumer at-home consumption higher than pre pandemic levels. Taken together, these results continued to demonstrate strength and diversity of our offering, the breadth and reach of our portfolio of compelling offerings for every retail and customer strategy across all channels creates a balanced and diversified portfolio that enables us to drive consistency in our performance even at a volatile environment. 02:54 Turning to slide five, total third quarter sales grew eight percent from the year ago period or five percent in constant currency. Substantial constant currency sales growth in our Flavor Solutions segment more than offset slight constant currency sales decline in our consumer segment, driven by the factors I just mentioned. 03:13 Adjusted operating income was comparable to the third quarter of last year, including a three percent favorable impact from currency. The benefit of higher sales was more than offset by higher cost inflation and industry wide logistics challenges as well as by a shift in sales between segments. On the bottom line, our third quarter adjusted earnings per share was zero point eight zero dollars compared to zero point seven six dollars in the year ago period, driven by higher sales and a lower tax rate, partially offset by cost pressures. 03:43 As weve stated previously, we expect growth to vary by quarter in twenty twenty one. Importantly, we have delivered outstanding year-to-date performance. Sales and adjusted operating income are up thirteen percent and nine percent year-over-year, respectively. Both of which include a three percent favorable impact from currency as weve grown adjusted earnings per share of eight percent. Year to date versus twenty nineteen, we've driven sales, adjusted operating income and adjusted earnings per share growth of nearly twenty percent across all three metrics. 04:16 I'd like to say a few words about the current cost environments impact on our third quarter results, as well as our outlook, which Mike will cover in more detail. We stated in our July earnings call, we are operating in a dynamic cost environment and like the rest of the industry experiencing cost pressure. We're seeing broad based inflation across our raw and packaging materials, as well as transportation costs. To partially offset rising costs, we have raised prices where appropriate, but as usual, there is a timeline lag associated with pricing, particularly with how quickly costs are escalating. And therefore, the phase-in of most of our actions is taking place during the fourth quarter, those pricing actions are on track, and we appreciate our customers working with us to navigate this environment. 05:02 In the last few months, inflation has continued to ratchet it up, mainly with packaging and transportation costs. Were experiencing the highest inflationary period of the last decade or even two, We, along with our peers and customers are also facing additional pressure on our supply chain due to strained transportation capacity and labor shortages and distribution. These pressure does not only impact costs, but also negatively impact sales as the addition of further supply chain complexity makes it harder to get order shipped and received by customers. And this pressure is exemplified by continued elevated demand. 05:40 Overall, we have a demonstrated history of managing through inflationary periods with a combination of pricing and cost savings and we expect to manage through this period as we have in the past. 05:52 Now let's turn to our third quarter segment business performance which includes comparisons to twenty nineteen pre pandemic levels as we believe these will be more meaningful than the comparisons to twenty twenty, given the dramatic shift in consumer consumption between at-home and away-from-home experienced in the year ago period. 06:11 Starting on slide seven. Consumer segment sales grew one percent, including a two percent favorable impact from currency and incremental sales from our Cholula acquisition compared to the highly elevated demand levels of the year ago period. Our consumer segment organic sales momentum on a two year basis was up double digits, highlighting how the sustained shift in consumer consumption continues to drive increased demand for our product and outpaces pre pandemic levels. 06:40 Our Americas constant currency sales declined one percent in the first quarter with incremental sales from our Cholula acquisition contributing three percent growth. Our total McCormick U.S. branded portfolio consumption as indicated in our IRI consumption data and combined with unmeasured channels declined ten percent, following a thirty one percent consumption increase in the third quarter of twenty twenty, which results in an nineteen percent increase on a two year basis. 07:08 Demand has remained high as we are realizing to benefit of our U.S. manufacturing capacity expansion, although some products remain stretched by sustained high demand. Shelf conditions are improving and we're seeing sequential improvement in our share performance. That said, as I mentioned a moments ago, the current issues related to logistics pressures continue to make it challenging for market leaders like McCormick to keep high demand products in stock which has prevented us from making further progress in replenishing both retailer and consumer inventories in the third quarter. Importantly, though, we're better positioned than we were last year entering the holiday season and are confident in our holiday merchandising plans. 07:53 Focusing further on our U.S. branded portfolio, our nineteen percent consumption growth versus the third quarter of twenty nineteen was led by double digit growth in spices and seasonings, hot sauces, both Cholula and Frank's RedHot and barbecue sauce, as well as our Asian and frozen products. 08:11 In pure-play e-commerce, we delivered triple digit growth compared to twenty nineteen, with McCormick branded consumption outpacing all major categories. This is the sixth consecutive quarter our U.S. branded portfolio consumption grew double digits versus the same period two years ago, which reflects the continuation of consumer cooking and using flavor more at-home and the strength of our brand. 08:47 Our key categories continue to outpace the center of store growth rates versus the same period two years ago, favorably impacting not only the McCormick brand, but our smaller brands as well. Household penetration and repeat rates have also grown versus twenty nineteen. And when our consumers shop they were buying more of our products than they were pre-pandemic. 09:07 McCormick continues to win in Hot Sauce. Across our brands, McCormick grows to be the number one Hot Sauce manufacturer globally earlier this year. In the third quarter Frank's RedHot, the number one brand in the U.S. was joined at the top of the category by Cholula, which we have driven to the number two ranking. 09:26 Now turning to EMEA, which has continued its outstanding momentum. We had strong market share performance in the third quarter versus last year. Maintaining or gaining share across the region in key categories following our strong gains in the third quarter last year. 09:41 Compared to the third quarter of twenty nineteen our total EMEA region -- we drove double digit consumption growth in herbs, spices and seasoning. And turning up the heat, Frank's RedHot has grown consumption seventy five percent and has gained a significant share versus the two year ago period. across the region, our household penetration and repeat rates have also grown versus the two year ago period. 10:06 Our year to date higher brand marketing investments in the EMEA are proving to be effective as evidenced by the metrics I just discussed, as well as our achieving above best market rates for rich engagement and click through for instance in our digital marketing. 10:21 In the Asia Pacific region, third quarter sales were strong reflecting our continued recovery from China's lower branded food service sales last year. Our consumer product demand in the region declined due to lapping significant growth last year. The region has also experienced supply chain challenges with ocean freight capacity constraints impacting the quarter's growth. 10:41 At Australia, we continue to see strong consumption growth versus twenty nineteen with key brands recently trending back towards twenty twenty levels with Frank's RedHot already higher than last year's elevated consumption. 10:55 Across all regions in our consumer segment, we are continuing to fuel our growth with our strong brand marketing, new product launches and our category management initiatives. We're making brand marketing investments across our portfolios to connect with our consumers, particularly online. 11:12 Early in the third quarter in the Americas, we began our search for the first director of Taco Relations. This was a dream opportunity for over five thousand applicants to showcase there Taco expertise and enthusiasm for our product and their video application. To date, we have garnered over one billion dollars earned impressions related to our search, and these will continue to grow upon the announcement of our new Director of Taco Relations next week on October fourth in celebration of National Taco Day. 11:42 We are not only creating buzz through our digital marketing, but also with our e-commerce direct to consumer new product launches. In the Americas, we drove new passionate users to our brands and digital properties with the launch of sunshine all-purpose seasoning, a new product development in partnership with social media influencer . Inspired by  personality and health and wellness focused recipes with salt free and gluten free Caribbean inspired blend sold out in just thirty nine minutes, generated record sales from e commerce driven innovation and over seven hundred million earned impressions. 12:19 Our new product launches differentiate our brands and strengthen our relevance with consumers. And with our global leadership position in hot sauce, we are in a perfect position to capitalize on consumers rising demand for hot and spicy flavors through a global heat platform. Our recent launch is the Frank's RedHot frozen appetizers and Cholula wing sauces in the Americas, as well as Frank's RedHot flavors in the EMEA have made strong contributions to growth in the third quarter. 12:48 Just in time for Halloween, EMEA is introducing dead hot gift sets for e-commerce, featuring Frank's RedHot. And in China, our recently launched ready to eat chili paste has the highest thirty day repeat rate of all McCormick directed to our products on T-Mall. 13:05 Turning to category management, our initiatives are designed to strengthen our category leadership by driving growth for both McCormick and retailers. These initiatives include simply changing shelf placement, for instance, increasing Cholulas velocity over thirty percent by changing the tile placement at a large retailer to reinvesting in the spice and seasoning shopping experience. In the U.S. we're anticipating a cumulative implementation of our spice sell program, since it began in twenty twenty of ten thousand stores by year-end versus twenty nineteen to remove year over year noise, sales in the beginning of August show retailers that have adopted despite all changes are growing the category faster than those who have not. And McCormicks branded spice and seasoning portfolio is growing solid mid-single digits faster in implemented stores versus stores which have not adopted the changes. 14:01 And in Eastern Europe, the rollout of our first choice bottle, which is perceived as premium and what was predominantly a sachet only market. Its elevating the spices and seasoning category and driving increased share at our Eastern European market. 14:16 Moving forward, we are confident that we will continue the momentum of our consumer segment. We have more consumers than pre pandemic, they have coming to our brand are having a good experience and are buying our products again. We're excited about our growth trajectory and expect long lasting growth from the sustained shift to consumers cooking more at home fueled by our brand marketing, new products and category management initiatives. 14:42 Turning to slide nine, our Flavor Solutions segment grew twenty one percent or seventeen percent in constant currency reflecting both strong base business growth and contributions from our FONA and Cholula acquisition. Our third quarter results include the robust recovery from last year's lower demand from our restaurant and other food service customers, many of which are lapping the curtailment -- away from home dining. As well as strong continued momentum on our packaged food and beverage customers. Notably, growth was driven equally from both the at-home and the away from home products in our portfolio. On a two year basis, our sales also increased double digits with strong growth in all three regions. 15:24 In the Americas, FONA and Cholula acquisitions made a strong contribution to our significant third quarter growth and we're executing on our strategy to shift our portfolio to more value added and technically insulated products. We continue to see outstanding growth momentum with our consumer packaged food customers through new products and base business constrain. 15:46 Consumers rising global demand for hot and spicy flavors is driving growth for both our customer snacks and for our seasons that flavor them. Compared to last year's third quarter snack seasonings grew high single digits with strong growth in core iconic products as well as new products and the innovation pipeline continues to be robust. 16:07 Our confidence that FONA will accelerate our global flavors platform continues to be reinforced by their excellent performance with double digit sales growth compared to last year. Beverages are driving significant growth with particular strength in the fast growing performance nutrition category. And finally, in the Americas, branded food service contributed significant growth for the quarter as our demand for this channel has continued to strengthen as more dining options reopen. 16:36 In EMEA, we had strong growth versus both last year and twenty nineteen across all markets and channels. Quick service restaurants or QSRs are driving growth through increased promotional activities as limited time offers. Our branded foodservice sales with easing restrictions in the hospitality industry increased at a double digit rate versus the third quarter of last year. And with packaged food and beverage companies, our performance was strong on top of last year's strong growth, but the hot and spicy trend fueling growth in snacks seasonings, particularly through new product innovation. 17:12 Our sales growth in the Asia-Pacific region was partially impacted by the timing of our QSR customers strong limited time offers and their promotional activities in the third quarter of last year, which increased restaurant traffic as COVID-nineteen restriction is lifted. As we've said in the past, limited time offers and promotional activities can cause some sales volatility from quarter to quarter. 17:36 We recognized a part our third quarter Flavor Solutions results were due to the comparison to low away from home demand last year. Notably, our growth also includes strong contributions from FONA and Cholula, robust growth with packaged food and beverage customer, both in the base business and in new product wins driven by our differentiated customer engagement and continuing momentum with QSRs. Year to date versus twenty nineteen, we delivered thirteen percent constant currency growth, including FONA and Cholula and six percent constant currency organic growth. These results, combined with our effective growth strategies bolster our confidence and a continuation of our robust growth trajectory in our Flavor Solutions segment. 18:22 Now on slide ten, I'm excited to share some important purpose led performance news. Just a few days ago, we remain as a global compact lead company by the United Nations for our ongoing commitment to the UN Global Compact and its ten principles for responsible business, We are honored by this recognition for our commitment to sustainability and to be one of only thirty seven companies in the world, and the only U.S. based food producer to be included on this prestigious list. 18:52 Sustainable sourcing is a top priority and we've been actively working on initiatives such as our sustainability linked financing partnership with IFC and Citi which provides our urban spice suppliers in Indonesia and Vietnam with financial incentives linked to improvements in measures of social and environmental sustainability. As well as our partnership with Heifer International on the launch of the  (ph) Forestry project, which aims to increase small older pharma resilience and improve the quality of cardamom and all spice in Guatemala. 19:25 In addition, LATINA Style  is one of the top fifty best companies for LATINA store in the U.S. We are thrilled to be recognized for our continued efforts around diversity and inclusion. We're committed to the long term vitality of the people, communities and the planet we share and are proud of our impacts in these areas. We look forward to sharing more about these accomplishments as well as many others with you through our purpose led performance report, which will be issued early next year. 19:56 Before turning over to Mike, I'd like to make some qualitative comments regarding twenty twenty two. To be clear, we are not providing twenty twenty two guidance at the time. We are a growth company that we expect to grow in both of our segments next year. At the foundation of our sales growth, due to the rising consumer demand for flavor fueled by younger generations. We've intentionally focused on great categories that are growing and generating a long term tailwind. We're capitalizing on the long term consumer trends thats accelerated during the pandemic and we're successfully executing on our strategy and initiatives. 20:34 In this dynamic and fast phased environment we are ensuring that we remain focused on long term sustainable growth. Recently, cost pressures have rapidly accelerated and we're preparing for them to remain in twenty twenty two. We plan to mitigate these costs which we expect to fully offset over time through a combination of CPI led cost savings, revenue management initiatives and pricing actions as needed. 20:59 In addition, we're taking prudent steps to reduce discretionary spend where possible. We also expect the impact of COVID-nineteen to persist into twenty twenty two, which will create continued broad based supply chain challenges. We've successfully demonstrated in the past our ability to manage through inflationary environments and cost pressures. 21:20 Importantly, our strong growth trajectory supports our confidence that our long term financial algorithm to drive continuous value creation through top-line growth and margin expansion. We have a strong foundation and remain focused on the long term goals, strategies and values that have made us so successful. 21:39 Around the world, McCormick employees drive for momentum and success, and I thank them for their hard work, engagement and dedication, particularly in such a volatile environment. 21:49 And now, I'll turn it over to Mike.
Mike Smith: 21:52 Thanks, and good morning, everyone. For the reasons Lawrence mentioned, my comments will also include comparisons to twenty nineteen. 22:00 Starting on slide thirteen. Our top line growth continues to be strong. We grew constant currency sales five percent during the third quarter compared to last year with incremental sales from our Cholula and FONA acquisitions contributing four percent across both segments. Our volume and mix drove our organic sales increase with Flavor Solutions growth offsetting a decline in the consumer segment. 22:22 Versus the third quarter of twenty nineteen, we grew sales fifteen percent in constant currency with both segments growing double digits. During the third quarter, our consumer segment continued to lap last year's exceptionally high demand. Versus twenty twenty, our third quarter consumer segment sales declined one percent in constant currency, which includes a three percent increase from the Cholula acquisition. Compared to the third quarter of twenty nineteen, consumer segment sales grew fourteen percent in constant currency. 22:53 On slide fourteen, consumer segment sales in the Americas declined one percent in constant currency, lapping the elevated lockdown demand in the year ago period. As well as the logistics challenges Lawrence mentioned earlier. Incremental sales from the Cholula acquisition contributed three percent growth. Compared to the third quarter of twenty nineteen sales increased seventeen percent in constant currency, led by significant growth in the McCormick, Lawrys, Grill Mates, OLD BAY, Frank's RedHot, Cholula, Zatarain's, Gourmet Garden, Simply Asia, Stubbs and all  branded products. That's a lot of brands. Partially offset by a decline in private label. 23:33 In EMEA, constant currency consumer sales declined eleven percent from a year ago, also due to lapping the high demand across the region last year. Notably, this decline includes strong growth in our Eastern European market. On top of their significant volume growth last year, which was more than offset by declines in the regions other markets. On a two year basis, sales increased ten percent in constant currency, driven by strong growth in our Kamis, Schwartz and Franks RedHot branded products. 24:02 Consumer sales in the Asia Pacific region increased eleven percent in constant currency due to the recovery of branded food service sales with a partial offset from the decline in consumer demand as compared to the elevated levels in the year ago period. Sales increased four percent compared to the third quarter of twenty nineteen including a sales decline in India resulting from a slower COVID-nineteen recovery. 24:26 Turning to our Flavor Solutions segment and slide seventeen, we grew third quarter constant currency sales to seventeen percent, including an eight percent increase from our FONA and Cholula acquisitions. The year over year increase led by the Americas and EMEA regions was due to strong growth, with both packaged food and beverage customers and in away from home products. Compared to the third quarter of twenty nineteen Flavor Solutions segment sales grew sixteen percent in constant currency. 24:56 In the Americas Flavor Solutions constant currency sales grew nineteen percent year over year with FONA and Cholula contributing twelve percent. Volume and product mix increased, driven by significantly higher sales through branded food service customers together with growth to packaged food and beverage companies with strength in snack seasoning. 25:16 On a two year basis, sales increased fifteen percent in constant currency versus twenty nineteen with higher sales from acquisitions and packaged food and beverage companies partially offset by the exit of some lower margin business. 25:30 In EMEA, constant currency sales grew nineteen percent compared to last year, due to increased sales to QSRs and branded food service customers as well as continued growth momentum with packaged food and beverage companies. Constant currency sales increased twenty three percent versus the third quarter of twenty nineteen driven by strong sales growth with packaged food and beverage companies and QSR customers. 25:55 In the Asia Pacific Region, Flavor Solutions sales rose one percent in constant currency versus last year, and increased eight percent in constant currency versus the third quarter of twenty nineteen. Both driven by QSR growth and partially impact by the timing of our customers limited time offers and promotional activities. 26:15 As seen on slide twenty one, adjusted operating income, which excludes transaction and integration costs related to the Cholula and FONA acquisitions, as well as special charges was comparable to the third quarter of last year, including a three percent favorable impact from currency. 26:32 Adjusted operating income in the consumer segment declined ten percent to one hundred and eighty million dollars, growing constant currency twelve percent, driven by the cost pressures from inflation and logistics challenges, partially offset by CCI led cost savings. 26:48 These logistics challenges not only impacted costs, but also negatively impacted sales. In the flavor Solutions segment, adjusted operating income rose thirty two percent to eighty four million dollars or twenty seven percent in constant currency. Higher sales, CPI led cost savings and favorable product mix as we continue to migrate our portfolio more than offset the cost pressures in this segment. 27:14 Across both segments, incremental investment spending for our ERO program was offset by lower COVID-nineteen costs compared to last year. During the quarter, we invested in brand marketing ahead of last year and notably, we have increased our investments eleven percent on a year to date basis. 27:33 As seen on slide twenty two, adjusted gross profit margin declined two sixty basis points driven primarily by the cost pressures we are experiencing and the lag in pricing. Our selling, general and administrative expense as a percentage of sales declined one hundred and ten basis points driven by leverage from sales growth. These impacts netted to an adjusted operating margin decline of one hundred and fifty basis points. In addition to the factors I mentioned a few moments ago, a sales shift between segments unfavorably impacted both gross and operating margins. 28:08 Turning to income taxes. Our third quarter adjusted effective tax rate was fourteen point one percent compared to nineteen point three percent in the year ago period. Both period were favorably impacted by discrete tax items, with the larger impact this year due to the favorable impact of a reversal of a tax accrual. 28:29 Adjusted income from unconsolidated operations declined five percent versus the third quarter of twenty twenty. Based on our year to date results, we now expect a mid-single digit increase in our adjusted income from unconsolidated operations for twenty twenty one, up from our previous projection of a low single digit decrease. This improvement is driven by strong performance from our McCormick Mexico joint venture. 28:55 At the bottom line, as shown on slide twenty five, third quarter twenty twenty one adjusted earnings per share was zero point eight zero dollars compared to zero point seven six dollars for the year ago period. The increase was primarily driven by a lower adjusted income tax rate. As compared to the third quarter of twenty nineteen, our ten percent increase in adjusted earnings per share was primarily driven by sales growth. 29:20 On slide twenty six, weve summarized highlights for cash flow and the quarter end balance sheet. Through the third quarter of twenty twenty one, our cash flow from operations was three seventy three million dollars, which is lower than the same period last year. The decrease was primarily due to the payment of transaction and integration costs and higher use of cash associated with working capital. This includes the impact of planned higher inventory levels to support significantly increased demand and to mitigate supply and service issues, as well as buffer against cost volatility. 29:57 Through the third quarter, we've returned two seventy two million dollars of this cash to our shareholders through dividends and used one hundred and ninety million dollars for capital expenditures. Our priority is to continue to have a balanced use of cash, funding investments to drive growth, returning a significant portion to our shareholders through dividends and paying down debt. 30:21 Now turning to our twenty twenty one financial outlook on slides twenty seven and twenty eight. With our broad and advantaged flavor portfolio, our robust operating momentum and effective growth strategies we are well positioned for another year of differentiated growth and underlying performance, tempered by the higher inflation ahead of pricing, and the logistic challenges we previously mentioned. 30:45 For twenty twenty one, we are projecting top line and earnings growth from our strong base business and acquisition contribution, with earnings growth partially offset by incremental COVID-nineteen costs and ERP investment, as well as a higher projected adjusted effective tax rate. We continue to expect an estimated three percentage point favorable impact from currency rates on sales. And for the adjusted operating income and adjusted earnings per share, a two percentage point favorable impact of currency rates. 31:18 At the top line, due to our strong year to date results and robust operating momentum, we now expect to grow constant currency sales nine percent to ten percent, which is the high end of our previous projection of eight percent to ten percent and includes a four percent incremental impact from the Cholula and FONA acquisitions. 31:39 We had initially projected an incremental acquisition impact in the range of three point five percent to four percent. We anticipate our organic growth will be led by higher volume and product mix, driven by our category management, brand marketing and new products, as well as pricing. 31:58 We are now projecting our twenty twenty one adjusted gross profit margin to be one hundred and fifty points to one hundred and seventy basis points lower than twenty twenty due to the increasing cost pressures I mentioned earlier. While we continue to expect a mid-single digit increase in inflation for the year, it has moved higher and is now approaching a double digit increase in the fourth quarter. 32:20 Overall, our projected adjusted gross margin compression reflects unfavorable impacts from sales mix between segments, cost inflation and COVID-nineteen costs, partially offset by pricing and margin accretion from the Cholula and FONA acquisitions. 32:36 As a reminder, we priced to offset cost increases, we do not margin out. Our estimate for COVID-nineteen cost remains unchanged at sixty million dollars in twenty twenty one versus fifty million dollars in twenty twenty and is weighted to the first half of the year. 32:54 Reflecting the change in gross profit margin outlook, we are lowering our expected constant currency adjusted operating income growth. Our adjusted operating income growth rate reflects expected strong underlying performance from our base business and acquisitions, projected to be eight percent to ten percent constant currency growth, which includes the higher inflation ahead of pricing and logistics challenges, and partially offset by a one percent reduction from increased COVID-nineteen costs compared to twenty twenty and a three percent reduction from the estimated incremental ERP investment. 33:29 This result in a total projected adjusted operating income growth rate of four percent to six percent in constant currency. This projection includes the mid-single digit inflationary pressure as well as our  cost savings target of approximately one hundred and ten million dollars. It also includes an expected low single digit increase in brand marketing investments. 33:51 Considering the year to date impact from discrete items, we now project our twenty twenty one adjusted effective income tax rate to be approximately twenty one percent as compared to our previous projection of twenty three percent. This outlook versus our twenty twenty adjusted effective tax rate is expected to be a headwind to our twenty twenty one adjusted earnings per share growth of approximately one percent. 34:15 We are lowering our twenty twenty one adjusted earnings per share expectations to five percent to seven percent growth, which includes a favorable impact from currency. This reflects our lower adjusted operating profit outlook and lower adjusted income tax rate, as well as the higher adjusted income from unconsolidated operations. 34:35 Our guidance range for adjusted earnings per share in twenty twenty one is now two point nine seven dollars to three point zero two dollars. This compares to two point eight three dollars of adjusted earnings per share in twenty twenty and represents eight percent to ten percent growth in constant currency from our strong base business and acquisition performance, partially offset by the impacts related to COVID-nineteen costs, our incremental ERP investment and the tax headwind. 35:02 I'll now turn it back to Lawrence.
Lawrence Kurzius: 35:05 Now I'd like to share our financial results and outlook in more detail. I would like to recap the key takeaways as seen on slide twenty nine. Our third quarter results reflect a robust and sustained growth momentum as we grow strong sales growth despite a challenging year over year comparison. Year to date versus twenty nineteen, we have driven significant double digit growth rates for sales, adjusted operating profit and earnings per share. 35:31 We have a strong foundation and a balanced portfolio which drives consistency in our performance. We expect higher at-home consumption will persist beyond the pandemic and are continuing the momentum we are gaining in away from home consumption. We're confident that our growth momentum of our business is sustainable. As a reminder, McCormick has grown and compounded that growth successfully over the years regardless of short term pressures. 35:57 Our strong growth trajectory supports our confidence and our long term growth algorithm to drive continuous value creation through top-line growth and margin expansion. We are driving McCormick forward and building value for our shareholders. 36:10 Now let's turn to you questions.
Operator: 36:14 Thank you. At this time well be conducting a question-and-answer session.  Our first question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Please proceed with your questions.
Andrew Lazar: 36:50 Good morning, everybody.
Lawrence Kurzius: 36:52 Hi, Andrew.
Mike Smith: 36:53 Good morning, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar: 36:53 Hi there. Maybe to start out at our recent conference and then, again, this morning, youve alluded to cost and supply chain disruptions likely continuing into fiscal twenty twenty two, others have made very similar sort of comments. Of course, youll have more pricing kicking in among other actions to mitigate some of the challenges. I think you also had mentioned that ERP costs could be offset by COVID expenses coming down. So, I guess things remain very fluid, of course, and you're not obviously giving specific twenty two guidance as of yet. But I'm trying to get a sense of whether on algorithm year, particularly on the profit side would be too much to ask in fiscal twenty twenty two at this stage. All things considered, particularly given what I assume will be continued margin pressure, at least through the first half next year?
Lawrence Kurzius: 37:40 Right. Well, first of all, Andrew, thanks for the opportunity to talk about it. Its kind of pretty high level question, right?  in your question, you are close to couple of my points that I would actually make to answer it. Beginning with -- just to be clear, I'm not going to give guidance for next year. 38:01 There are a lot of moving parts, things are fluid. We are right in the middle of putting together our budgets for next year right now. As we said in the call, our long -- we're very confident about our algorithm over the long term. I'm just not ready to talk about it in twenty twenty two, specifically just yet. But in our prepared remarks, I did say we expect growth in both segments. And so, I'll start there and then I'll bring it back to profit. 38:34 Our -- McCormick is unique and that we've been differentiated by strong growth as underlying trends that support our business includes demographic tailwind from younger consumers that has nothing to do with the pandemic and then many of the consumption trends we believe were reinforce and accelerated by the pandemic. So we believe that going into the pandemic, our growth was differentiated already through it, it's been differentiated and coming out, but it continues to be differentiated that we paid investments including during the time of this pandemic, both organic and through smart acquisitions that put our portfolio more and more into high growth categories like hot sauce and flavor. 39:21 And on top of this, we're trying to have the top line benefit of pricing in twenty twenty two. So we are confidence in strong growth going forward. For operating profit there are a lot of puts and takes. Over the last few years we've had rising ERP investments, over the last two we've had the shock of extraordinary COVID cost and right now, we as everyone else not just in our industry, but across business in general are wrestling with decades high inflation. And that's everywhere, we're not unique The first two of these rising European investments versus COVID costs should largely offset in twenty twenty two. And I think just given the magnitude of the cost that we've described previously, everyone should have an expectation around those largely offsetting. 40:16 And first, the cost pricing is going to kick it, pricing has lagged, we have our pricing in the U.S. largely going into effect in fourth quarter, in particular. And so, I would expect that we would see  you should expect to see the benefits from that, not just in the top line, but running it through the P&L. But remember, the math says that margins compression take pricing, our approach is to take pricing to pass through costs and so the both the numerator and denominator go up and so the fraction gets a little bit smaller. 40:58 So while we do expect that pricing to come in, it would be reasonable to expect some level of margin compression. Nonetheless, with the pricing action and other steps we will take to offset cost and the top line growth that we expect, I think it's very reasonable to expect solid operating profit growth next year. I'm not ready yet to say if it's exactly on algorithm.
Andrew Lazar: 41:24 Right. I appreciate that color. That's helpful. And then one very quick follow-up and it may be tough to parse out. In the quarter though, are you able to sort of break out what impact some of the supply constraints may have had on overall sort of company organic growth? I think organic growth was up about one percent. I dont know if some of the supply constraints were significant enough that it would meaningfully change what organic growth look like in the quarter. Thank you so much.
Lawrence Kurzius: 41:50 It actually did have an impact on the fourth quarter. I think -- sorry, I said forth, I misspoke there, its third quarter. And we haven't quantified that and I'm not prepared to, but it was material. We normally would not have a backlog at all to have -- the idea of having a backlog of orders is unprecedented, we have backlog that's measurable in days. And so it did have a  it definitely had an impact. It would have been our hope to actually continue to rebuild trade inventories as we went through the quarter which have not yet been fully recovered and we were not able to do so. We really wanted and planned to ship of more of these logistics challenges are very real -- we've got a very strategic discussion just now and a very tactical one. But just simply getting product out there has been a challenge in the face of the -- but it's still very high demand at the same time that we're having these logistical challenges. Id say that the trade channels are still a bit starved for inventory.
Mike Smith: 43:12 Weve noticed -- we didn't narrow our range on sales to the high end of the range. So we have very strong confidence in the fourth quarter.
Andrew Lazar: 43:20 Got it. Thanks you so much.
Operator: 43:23 Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Ken Goldman: 43:30 Hi. Thank you. Just on pricing, are there any geographies or categories or brands where maybe getting the pricing you hoped for has been little more challenging than in others? And I guess I'm curious where are you in your, I guess, journey, so to speak of taking incremental pricing to offset some of the newer or more severe headwinds you're facing? I'm trying to figure out, if you're still having conversations with customers, do you feel most of the heavy lifting is done there for maybe some of the second rounds that'd be helpful. Thank you.
Lawrence Kurzius: 44:04 Well, first of all, I won't say that there's particular problem, these actions always have some degree of commercial tension in them and so I don't want to get too specific there. As such, there are ongoing conversations with customers, I think that there are some new conversations that we had. All of our actions on pricing are on track. Particularly for the U.S. the price increases that we talked about earlier year in the year have been solved in. 44:41 There is a time lag though, especially with how quickly cost have gone up. The inflation is accelerated since we launched those pricing. So there's more work to do in that area in twenty twenty two. Phasing of most of our actions is happening in Q4 and we would expect to see the benefit of that in twenty twenty two.
Mike Smith: 45:11 And I think I'd point you back Ken to historical perspective here. We had high inflationary periods in the past in the two thousand and eight, two thousand and nine timeframe, two thousand eleven, two thousand and twelve we are being successfully put in pricing, it's actually both  U.S. consumer during one of those time periods and we're able to pass through the pricing. We also pulled a lot of other levers whether it's CCI, discretionary spending to get to Andrew's point about getting back on algorithm from a profit perspective.
Ken Goldman: 45:42 Great. Thank you. And I'll pass it on there.
Operator: 45:48 Next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Robert Moskow: 45:55 Thanks. I think this question will sound like Ken's question, maybe a different tack though. Is the conversation different with retailers on how to take pricing or how to think about pricing in the latest -- in relation to the latest acceleration, because I think some retailers out there consider the supply chain disruption to be temporary, the labor challenges will go away. And as a result, does that mean you have to shift more towards, I don't know more variable actions on promotions or packaging changes rather than a straight up list pricing increase.
Lawrence Kurzius: 46:40 Well again, I'm going to say that, I can't give specific about any one particular customer, certainly the pricing actions that we just took, we had a lot of company going out there. And so I think retailers -- what they heard from us was similar to what they heard from others. I'm not so sure, we have gotten that kind of feedback that retailers thinks that these increases our transitory. 47:09 There's been some discussion about inflation not continuing to escalate, but there hasn't been any discussion about this not being reset of pricing levels. And I think that there's broad recognition of that and I will say that I was on a call with  yesterday, where he was saying very much the same thing. And so I think that the outlook is that these costs are not transient, they are here to stay and they're potentially going to have to find their way through in the form of pricing that gets to the consumer. And bell tightening across the entire supply chain, including us as a supplier to our customer.
Robert Moskow: 47:55 Okay, great. So you're saying is, it's similar types of conversations, there's no different types of push back on the second round compared to the first round, it's a similar conversation?
Lawrence Kurzius: 48:10 Yeah. I'm not  Im not differentiating between the two right now. I think if i got much further than that I'm getting into too specific that are good to  two perspective.
Robert Moskow: 48:26 Okay. Anything else you want to tell us about what  Paul said? Or if you want to leave it there?
Lawrence Kurzius: 48:32 Just like us, he has got to do it in a public form, so its all out there.
Robert Moskow: 48:37 Okay. Thank you.
Operator: 48:41 Our next question is coming from the line of Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Adam Samuelson: 48:47 Yes. Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Lawrence Kurzius: 48:49 Good morning.
Mike Smith: 48:50 Good morning.
Adam Samuelson: 48:51 So, I guess, on the inflation dynamics you've highlighted, specifically logistics and packaging. And I just want to be clear that is that more on the ocean freight side, is it domestic trucking, all of the above? And beyond those two discrete buckets, is there anything notable in terms of your own wage rates? And are you seeing pressures in your own labor force domestically given the rise and given the broad based labor pressures you're seeing?
Mike Smith: Hey, Adam, this is Mike. I'll take this first and Lawrence may add few comments. I mean, like we said on the call today, you're right, it's -- eighty percent to ninety percent of this is really logistics, transportation, packaging, things like that. So we have a really good line of sight to our commodity costs in the fourth quarter, obviously. 49:43 It's really both ocean freight, but also domestic freight. You've actually seen after Hurricane Ida, some of the domestic rates have gone up again. So that's part of the new news, and I think we're all experiencing in the U.S, in particular. Youve seen globally in the UK natural gas challenges and things like that too and trucking challenges. So, it's both getting it here and getting it to customers. If on a wage rate perspective, we've taken actions just like other companies have to aggressively attract talent in our manufacturing facilities and DCs with retention bonuses and other actions like that. So I think to Lawrences point, these labor rates aren't going to go back down, there's been a reset of cost level that may not escalate further, thats to be seen, but it's not -- we're not going to have deflation on labor rates.
Lawrence Kurzius: And I'll just add to that, the cost increase that we're talking about are -- these are not things that are unique to McCormick at all. The biggest increases has been on packaged materials and on transportation costs followed by raw material and labor. And I'd say that we look lot like everybody else in that regard.
Adam Samuelson: 51:04 Okay. That's helpful. And then if I can ask more longer term margin question, and it's really in the Flavor Solutions business. And I guess, I'm thinking to kind a couple of years pre-COVID in that business. And you done it through acquisition and internal initiatives and done a lot of heavy lifting to get the margins in that business to the kind of fourteen percent, fifteen percent level from about ten percent back in twenty fifteen, twenty sixteen. And we're now back in the thirteen percent to fourteen percent range. I'm just trying to think about where that business can go from here once we maybe get through some of these price cost and balances in the near term. Do you think there's a lot more room on mix to really push that business higher their investments in technology and R&D on the flavor side that you've got to accelerate to temper that. I'm just trying to think about that being a driver of earnings growth, maybe beyond some of the shorter term inflationary pressure that we're experiencing right now.
Lawrence Kurzius: 52:08 Adam, we're going to have to bring you in to help write some of our IR materials. The -- we are very confident in the margin trajectory of our Flavor Solutions business. We are really changing the portfolio, the big driver of our margin improvement over time has been the shift in the portfolio, there's more value added technically insulated products, we place investments in that part of the business, we've done acquisitions in that part of the business to accelerate the growth. And as the portfolio continues to shift in that direction, it's going to drive really a structural improvement in margin. Those are just categories that command a better margin and it's going to mix the business up. And at the same time, we've made decision to get out of some of the lower margin stuff, some of which is really low margin. And we've found graceful ways of exiting some of that without getting on the wrong side of customer relationships. 53:20 So, I'd say, our long term outlook for continued expansion of our flavor solution is one of the things that underpins our confidence are long term algorithm.
Mike Smith: 53:33 I think the FONA acquisition has even gave us more confidence and continuing to migrate that portfolio with really combining their technical expertise with ours.
Lawrence Kurzius: 53:43 And there's been a number of notes that we are going to try and parse it. Organic sales out from an acquisition and so on. We're are reporting one hundred percent of what we sell in FONA as acquisition related, but we have grown that business tremendously since we bought it. And we're very  and same with Cholula as well. But your question specifically is about flavor solutions and that's really part of that portfolio migration.
Adam Samuelson: 54:15 Okay, That's helpful color. I'll pass it on. Thanks.
Operator: 54:20 Our next question coming from the line of Chris Growe with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Chris Growe: 54:25 Hi, good morning.
Lawrence Kurzius: 54:27 Good morning.
Chris Growe: 54:28 Hi. I just had a question for you if I could in relation to pricing. Just understand, would you expect that your pricing would offset your inflation once all your pricing is in place?
Lawrence Kurzius: 54:41 I'm going to say that all of the levers that we're going to pull well. But part of what CCI does is offset inflation to an extent, part of it offsets cost increases and part of it we bring into reinvest in the business in otherwise, hence part of it makes its way to the bottom line and thats the intend. So we are expecting that over time we will recover all of the costs, all of the levers, it won't be one hundred percent in pricing.
Chris Growe: 55:12 Okay. Understand. Thank you. I understand. And the other question I was going to say was, just as you get into -- is it expected that you would have a lot of these levers pulled by say, first quarter of twenty two? I know you've got some pricing going into place in the fourth quarter. I'm not trying to get to an exact time or guidance for next year. Just understand the timeframe around pulling all these levers?
Lawrence Kurzius: 55:37 I think that -- I don't want to get too deep into to talking about twenty twenty two. I did want to give guidance for the year, and I don't want to give guidance for any the quarter.
Mike Smith:
w:
Mike Smith: 56:04 And also you realize that there's a lot of focus on the U.S. timing, but this happens around the world at different time points based on local. So we'll have a lot more to say in the January call.
Chris Growe: 56:16 Understood. Okay. And I had just one question and it's just a more to understanding kind of this inventory situation we'll call it, I guess, in rebuilding. We can debate IRI or Nielsen data, but it shows like your U.S. sales down eleven percent and, again, we can debate that number. I see your Americas business again, not a perfect representation, totally the U.S. being down four. Is that gap -- this sort of inventory build you expected for this quarter year over year knowing that you were shipping below inventory -- below consumption a year ago? Or is there more inventory build to come, I guess, thats what I'm trying to get to?
Lawrence Kurzius: 56:49 If you do the math, Chris, looking back two years. So look at the underserved twenty nineteen. Last year, you're right, we weren't shipping the consumption, demand was extraordinarily elevated. And if you strip out the acquisition, you have demand, consumption is up nineteen percent, our shipments are up thirteen. So this rate map on that would suggest we under-shipped by about six percentage points, which is very substantial. We did that's same math in Q2 and we were ahead by four. So it looks like we -- some of the -- some of the inventory build that we did. But in twenty nineteen we have holiday terms program in place, which we normally would do. Normally in the third quarter we're starting to build trade inventories for the heavy fall season. 57:37 And so that would have been part of the underlying demand. So when you net that all out, we think we're pretty close to even on shipping versus the true change in consumption. But that includes not being able to build trade inventories for the holidays as we would have hoped. And so we do think that we're -- as I said -- one of the questions earlier that, the trade channel right now is bit starved for inventory in the U.S.. Now we think of that as really slashing between third and fourth quarter and it's still going to end up getting captured within the year. 58:30 So it doesn't much change our outlook for the full year, it makes us anticipate a pretty strong -- pretty strong fourth quarter. But to ramp back to where we are on rebuilding, we're not as far along as we would have hoped.
Chris Growe: 58:48 Okay. That was good color. Thanks for the time.
Operator: 58:55 Our next question is from the line of Steve Powers with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your questions.
Steve Powers: 59:01 Yes. Hey, thanks. And you might just -- I think you sort of addressed this in response to Chriss question, but just to play it back. So when we think about your intention to fully offset pressures over time and appreciating that there's a rolling process to this. I think -- I don't know, if Chris -- if you were speaking to Chris responses, id it on pricing or just all the offsets, but I guess, what I'm trying to get a sense for is just on those rolling offsets when do you think you hit run rate -- your run rate achievement of those offsets. Is that a middle of next year type of timeline? Or is it more realistic to think that it progresses all the way through and it's not until closer to the end of twenty two where you hit the full offset run rate. Just trying to get a sense order of magnitude of the pacing of your effort?
Mike Smith: 59:58 I mean, obviously, I mean a lot of depends on the future cost environment too in this. I mean, we put in pricing in the U.S. to just kind of going to partially hit in the fourth quarter like we said last quarter. The full impact is going to be in twenty twenty two. Now, if costs continue to accelerate, we'll have to address that with other actions. But I think its speculative at this point to try to call twenty two. And the timing is by quarter and by halves,
Steve Powers: 60:27 Okay. Okay. Fair enough. Can i ask just a cleanup up on tax and -- appreciating the three benefits you've now realized in twenty twenty one. And I'm not asking for twenty two, just on a normalized basis, has we think about your sort of the tax run rate for the business going forward. Any color on past taxes versus GAAP taxes that will great as well.
Lawrence Kurzius: Yes, it's a great question. And obviously, we talk about this actually at our 10-Q disclosure. Now we talk about kind of a underlying rate of twenty four percent to twenty five percent based on country mix, the underlying tax rates that we have and our expectations for the year. And generally what happens and what happened this quarter, there are discrete either programs or tax team runs, there are acquisitions in the past that we clean up some of the assumptions or estimates or there's statute to limitations that drop off where weve tended to realize some discrete tax benefits. So its exactly what happened this quarter, but under the current tax regime, with Guilty and Citi and all these things globally, it's twenty four percent to twenty five percent. Obviously, we're all waiting to see what happens in Washington to see what future rates are. And Id say our cash taxes are pretty close to that too.
Steve Powers: 61:48 Thank you very much.
Operator: 61:52 Our next question is from the line of Rob Dickerson with Jeffrey. Please proceed with your question.
Rob Dickerson: 61:58 Great. Thank you. I just wanted to touch on private label for second, given you still operate that side of business a bit as well as brands. Obviously, there's been kind of ongoing discussion kind of where state of that overall industry kind of sits as we kind of get through the pandemic. So Im just curious, given some of the comments around, let's say, trade inventory not exactly where you want it to be going  and did pricing forthcoming. I'm just kind of curious what you've seen or heard the retailers as of late around demand for kind of your private label products versus brands? And then just kind of how you think about price gaps as you kind of enter this pricing phase. That's first question. Thanks.
Lawrence Kurzius: 62:47 Sure. Well, generally across all categories, private label has loss share in the pandemic  as a group have gained and then recent results that we just announced, our brands were strong private labels . When it comes to pricing, that costs are going up for every raw materials, packaging, labor and transportation and that applies for private label as well and so pricing actions that we are going forward are including the private label products that we manufacture and I would expect that in many cases, just because the price at a lower price point that they may see a higher percentage inflation rate because of the same costs flow through, but it's going to be a bigger percentage.
Rob Dickerson: 63:43 Okay. Fair enough. And then just quickly, we've obviously heard from a lot for companies so far your elasticity measures look great relative to history, given some of this elevated demand. I'm just curious, again, I know you are not giving twenty guidance, but you have to have some thoughts as to kind of what you might be baking in on the elasticity side, kind of what Im hearing is, if there's growth expected in both segments next year and pricing coming. I'm kind of assuming that the answer here is that there could be some incremental distribution gains to offset some of your elasticity, demand remains elevated, just kind of any comments around that kind of volume side versus the price side and where you thinking your elasticity you can shake out? Thanks.
Lawrence Kurzius: 64:32 Sure. The demand remains elevated, our categories for -- we're already growing before the pandemic and we need to growth through it and there's  we have talked endlessly about the underlying demand for flavor growing, the younger consumers are fueling that. And as we've gone through the pandemic, we've gained household penetration, usage rates are up and we haven't talked about it much, but we -- I think we had a comment about it in the prepared remarks that purchases per purchase occasion are up a lot. And so consumers are buying more of our products and we expect that to continue to be the case. So I'd say our outlook continue to be positive for strong sales growth. 65:27 And if you look at consensus sales for next year that are out there, they're pretty anemic and I guess we're trying to definitely suggest that there's a reason to reconsider that.
Rob Dickerson: 65:41 All right. Thank you. Its very helpful, Lawrence. Appreciate it.
Operator: 65:46 Thank you. Our final question is a follow-up from the line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your questions.
Robert Moskow: 65:53 Hey. Just very quickly, Lawrence, I think you quantified on a two year basis Americas shipments up thirteen percent, consumption up nineteen percent and doesn't that also include your private label business being down in that two year period. So therefore the gap isn't really six hundred basis points. It might be a little bit less.
Lawrence Kurzius: 66:19 It's a very call number overall compared to our branded portfolio change, its definitely less than one percent differential.
Robert Moskow: 66:27 Less than one percent. Okay. Thanks for the math.
Operator: 66:33 Thank you. At this time, I'll turn the floor back to management for closing remarks.
Lawrence Kurzius: 66:42 Oh my gosh, we are out of questions. Great. Thanks everyone for your questions and for participating on today's call. McCormick is differentiated by the breadth and the reach of a balanced portfolio, which has sustainably positioned us for growth. Very are very pleased with our outstanding year to date operating performance, which proves the strength of our business model, the value of our products and capabilities as a company. Looking ahead, we expect to drive even further growth as we continue to execute on our strategy, actively respond to change consumer behavior and capitalize on new opportunities. Thank you for your time this morning.
Operator: 67:17 Thank you, Lawrence. And thanks everyone to joining today's call. If you have any further questions regarding today's information, please reach out to me. This concludes this morning's call. Have a good day everybody.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-07-01 08:00:00) =====
Kasey Jenkins: Good morning. This is Kasey Jenkins, Vice President of McCormick Investor Relations. Thank you for joining todays Second Quarter Earnings Call. To accompany this call, we posted a set of slides at ir.mccormick.com. We will begin with remarks from Lawrence Kurzius, Chairman, President and CEO; and Mike Smith, Executive Vice President and CFO and will close with a question-and-answer session. During this call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. These include information in constant currency as well as adjusted gross profit margin, adjusted operating income, adjusted income tax rate, adjusted income from unconsolidated operations and adjusted earnings per share that exclude the impact of special charges, transaction and integration expenses related to the acquisitions of Cholula and FONA and a gain realized upon the sale of our unconsolidated operations. Reconciliations to the GAAP results are included in this mornings press release and slides.
Lawrence Kurzius: Thank you, Kasey. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. Throughout the pandemic, we remained steadfast in our focus on our growth, performance, and people strategies while ensuring the health and safety of our employees and positioning McCormick to emerge stronger from the crisis. We continue to execute from a position of strength with the combination of our business model, the strategic investments we have made, and the capabilities we have built as an organization. Our broad and advantaged global flavor portfolio, the acceleration of consumer trends that our strategies capitalize on, and the effective execution of those strategies as well as our recent acquisitions of two fantastic businesses, and importantly, the engagement of our employees have positioned us well to drive differentiated growth despite challenging comparisons as we lap very strong growth last year. Our second quarter results were strong on top of our exceptional second quarter performance last year and also reflect our robust growth momentum on a two-year basis as seen on Slide 4. We delivered significant double-digit two-year growth rates for sales, adjusted operating income, and adjusted earnings per share and expanded adjusted gross profit and adjusted operating margins. Even considering increased COVID-19 and inflation costs as well as planned brand marketing investments, we are driving growth through executing on our long-term strategies actively responding to changing consumer behavior and capitalizing on new opportunities. We are emerging stronger. As we enter the second half of the year, we continue to be confident in the effectiveness of our strategies, our growth trajectory, and that we are well positioned to deliver another year of differentiated growth in 2021 with an even stronger outlook. As seen on Slide 5, we have a broad and advantaged global flavor portfolio with compelling offerings for every retail and customer strategy across all channels. The breadth and reach of our portfolio across segments, geographies, channels, customers, and product offerings creates a balanced and diversified portfolio to drive consistency in our performance in a volatile environment as evidenced again by our second quarter results. During last years second quarter, the onset of the pandemic drove a surge in consumers cooking and eating more at home, at-home consumption resulting in a substantial increase in our consumer segment demand as well as increases with our packaged food company customers in our Flavor Solutions segment. Last year, we also experienced a sharp decline in demand from our restaurant and other foodservice customers for the away-from-home products in our portfolio.
Mike Smith: Thanks, Lawrence, and good morning, everyone. For the reasons Lawrence mentioned, my comments will also include comparisons to 2019. Our second quarter performance was very strong. Starting with our top line growth, as seen on Slide 17, we grew constant currency sales 8% during the second quarter compared to last year, with incremental sales from our Cholula and FONA acquisitions contributing 5% across both segments. Higher volume and mix drove the 3% increase in organic sales with flavor solutions growth offsetting a decline in the consumer segment versus the second quarter of 2019 we grew sales 18% in constant currency. During the second quarter, our consumer segment lapped exceptionally high demand for our products driven by the surge in consumers cooking more at home at the onset of the pandemic. As such, versus last year, our second quarter Consumer segment sales declined 5% in constant currency, which includes a 2% increase from the Cholula acquisition. Compared to the second quarter of 2019, consumer segment sales grew 22% in constant currency. On Slide 18, consumer segment sales in the Americas lapping the demand surge in the year-ago period, declined 7% in constant currency, including a 3% increase from the acquisition of Cholula. Compared to the second quarter of 2019, sales increased 26% in constant currency, with significant broad-based growth across the McCormick branded portfolio. In the EMEA, constant currency consumer sales declined 4% from a year ago also due to lapping the high demand across the region last year. Notably, this decline includes growth in our UK and Eastern European markets on top of their significant growth last year, which was more than offset by declines in the regions other markets. On a 2-year basis, sales increased 21% in constant currency versus 2019 pre-pandemic levels with double-digit growth in all markets across the region. Consumer sales in the Asia-Pacific region increased 15% in constant currency due to the recovery of branded foodservice sales as well as recovery from the extended disruption in Wuhan last year, with a partial offset from the decline in consumer demand as compared to the elevated levels in the year ago period. Sales were comparable to the second quarter of 2019, including a sales decline in India, resulting from a slower COVID-19 recovery. Turning to our Flavor Solutions segment on Slide 21, we grew second quarter constant currency sales 34%, including a 9% increase from our FONA and Cholula acquisitions. The year-over-year increase was primarily due to a higher sales of away-from-home products in our portfolio across all regions. Compared to the second quarter of 2019, Flavor Solutions segment sales grew 13% in constant currency. In the Americas, Flavor Solutions constant currency sales grew 30% year-over-year with FONA and Cholula contributing 13%. Volume and product mix increased driven by significantly higher sales to branded foodservice customers as well as growth to packaged food and beverage companies with particular strength in snack seasonings and beverages. On a 2-year basis, sales increased 12% in constant currency versus 2019 with higher sales from acquisitions and packaged food and beverage companies, partially offset by the exit of some lower-margin business. In EMEA, constant currency sales grew 65% compared to last year due to increased sales to QSRs and branded foodservice customers as well as continued growth momentum with packaged food and beverage companies. Constant currency sales increased 16% versus the second quarter of 2019, driven by strong sales growth with packaged food companies and QSR customers. In the Asia-Pacific region, Flavor Solutions sales rose 23% in constant currency versus last year, led by growth with QSRs in China and Australia, partially due to new products and our customers limited time offers and promotional activities as well as a recovery from COVID-19 lockdowns in countries outside of China in the year ago period. Sales grew 15% in constant currency versus the second quarter of 2019. As seen on Slide 25, adjusted operating income, which excludes transaction and integration costs related to the Cholula and FONA acquisitions as well as special charges, declined 1% or in constant currency, 4% in the second quarter versus the year ago period. Adjusted operating income in the consumer segment declined 24% to $177 million or in constant currency, 26%, driven by  primarily by lower sales. In the Flavor Solutions segment, adjusted operating income rose 183% to $81 million or 175% in constant currency, driven primarily by higher sales. Both segments were favorably impacted by product mix and CCI-led cost savings with a partial offset from cost inflation, including transportation costs. COVID-19-related costs were comparable to the year-ago period. Additionally, in the consumer segment, brand marketing expenses increased 15% from the second quarter of last year. As seen on Slide 26, our selling, general and administrative expense as a percentage of sales increased 10 basis points, with the increase in brand marketing, partially offset by leverage from sales growth. Adjusted gross profit margin declined 190 basis points and adjusted operating margin declined by 200 basis points. In addition to the factors I just mentioned, the sales shift between segments unfavorably impacted both margins. Importantly, versus the second quarter of 2019, we expanded adjusted gross profit margin 40 basis points and adjusted operating margin 10 basis points, even considering incremental COVID-19 costs, cost inflation and higher brand marketing investments. Turning to income taxes, our second quarter adjusted effective tax rate of 22.2% compared to 18% in the year-ago period. Both periods were favorably impacted by discrete tax items, with a more significant impact last year due to discrete tax item related to the refinement of our entity structure. Adjusted income from unconsolidated operations declined 2% in the second quarter of 2021. At the end of March, we completed the sale of our minority stake in Eastern Condiments, one of our joint ventures in India.  For 2021, we now expect a low single-digit decline in our adjusted income from unconsolidated operations, partially due to the elimination of ongoing income from Eastern. Previously, we were projecting a low single-digit increase. At the bottom line, as shown on Slide 29, second quarter 2021 adjusted earnings per share was $0.69 compared to $0.74 for the year ago period. The decline was primarily driven by a higher adjusted income tax rate. As compared to the second quarter of 2019, our sales growth drove a 19% increase in adjusted earnings per share. On Slide 30, weve summarized highlights for cash flow and the quarter-end balance sheet. Our cash flow from operations was $229 million through the second quarter of 2021 compared to $355 million in the second quarter of 2020. This change primarily resulted from a lower level of cash generated from working capital associated with increased sales, higher incentive compensation payments and the payment of transaction and integration costs related to our recent acquisitions. We returned $182 million of this cash to our shareholders through dividends and used $113 million for capital expenditures through the second quarter. We expect 2021 to be another year of strong cash flow driven by profit and working capital initiatives. And our priority is to continue to have a balanced use of cash, funding investments to drive growth, returning a significant portion to our shareholders through dividends and paying down debt. Now turning to our 2021 financial outlook on Slides 31 and 32, with our broad and advantaged flavor portfolio, our robust operating momentum and effective growth strategies, we are well positioned for another year of differentiated growth and performance. For 2021, we are projecting top line and earnings growth from our strong base business and acquisition contribution, with earnings growth partially offset by incremental COVID-19 costs and ERP investment as well as higher projected adjusted effective tax rate. We expect there will be an estimated 3 percentage point favorable impact of currency rate on sales, an increase from 2% previously. And for the adjusted operating income and adjusted earnings per share, we continue to estimate a 2 percentage point favorable impact of currency rates. At the top line, due to our strong year-to-date results and robust operating momentum we are increasing our expected constant currency sales growth to 8% to 10% compared to 6% to 8% previously. This includes the incremental impact of the Cholula and FONA acquisitions projected to be at the high end of the 3.5% to 4% range. We anticipate our organic growth will be led by higher volume and product mix driven by our category management, brand marketing, new products and our customer engagement growth plans. Pricing taken to partially offset cost inflation is also expected to contribute to sales growth. We are now projecting our 2021 adjusted gross profit margin to be 80 to 100 basis points lower than 2020. Our previous projection was comparable to 2020. We are increasing our inflation expectation for the year to a mid-single-digit increase as compared to a low single-digit increase previously. Overall, our projected adjusted gross margin compression reflects unfavorable impacts from sales mix between segments, COVID-19 costs and cost inflation, partially offset by pricing as well as margin accretion from the Cholula and FONA acquisitions. As a reminder, we price to offset cost increases. We do not margin up. Our estimate for COVID-19 cost remains unchanged at $60 million in 2021 versus $50 million in 2020 and weighted to the first half of the year. Reflecting the changes in our sales and gross profit margin outlooks, we are increasing our expected constant currency adjusted operating income growth. Our adjusted operating income growth rate reflects expected strong underlying performance from our base business and acquisitions, projected to be 12% to 14% constant currency growth. Partially offset by a 1% reduction from increased COVID-19 costs compared to 2020 and a 3% reduction from the estimated incremental ERP investment. This results in a total projected adjusted operating income growth rate of 8% to 10% in constant currency. This projection includes the inflationary pressure, I just mentioned as well as our CCI-led cost savings target of approximately $110 million. It also includes an expected low single-digit increase in brand marketing investments. We also reaffirm our 2021 adjusted effective income tax rate projected to be approximately 23%. This outlook versus our 2020 adjusted effective tax rate is expected to be a headwind to our 2021 adjusted earnings per share growth of approximately 4%. We are also increasing our 2021 adjusted earnings per share expectations to 6% to 8% growth, which includes a favorable impact from currency. This increase reflects our higher adjusted operating profit outlook and lower adjusted income from unconsolidated operations, as I mentioned earlier. Our guidance range for adjusted earnings per share in 2021 is now $3 to $3.05 compared to $2.97 to $3.02 previously. This compares to $2.83 of adjusted earnings per share in 2020. This growth reflects strong base business and acquisition performance growth of 12% to 14% in constant currency, partially offset by the impact I just mentioned related to COVID-19 costs, our incremental ERP investment and the tax segment. Ill now turn it back to Lawrence.
Lawrence Kurzius: Now that Mike has shared our financial results and outlook in more detail, I would like to recap the key takeaways as seen on Slide 33. In the second quarter, we drove exceptional growth despite a challenging year-over-year comparison. We delivered significant double-digit year-to-date and 2-year growth rates for sales and profit, reflecting a robust growth momentum. We have a strong foundation and a balanced portfolio, which drives consistency in our performance. We expect higher at-home consumption will persist beyond the pandemic, and we are well positioned to capitalize on long-term consumer trends which accelerated during the pandemic while continuing the momentum we are gaining in away-from-home consumption. Our enthusiasm for Cholula and FONA and our confidence we will deliver on our plants has only strengthened. Our 2021 outlook reflects another year of differentiated growth and performance while also investing for the future growth we expect. We are confident we will continue on our growth trajectory in 2021 and beyond. And now, lets turn to your questions.
Operator: Thank you.  Our first question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Andrew Lazar: Good morning everybody.
Lawrence Kurzius: Hi, Andrew. Good morning.
Andrew Lazar: Good morning. One question to start off with, I know that the last couple of quarters, youve talked about how some markets that have recovered more fully. So lets say, you know China or in Australia, youve had still elevated consumption trends for the at-home business even as the Away-From-Home business has essentially fully recovered. And I just wanted to get a sense of, do you still believe or do you believe that, that represents a reasonably good gauge for how we should expect trends to play out here in the U.S. or maybe are there some discrete differences between these markets in that regard that you would want to highlight? And then I just got a quick follow-up.
Lawrence Kurzius: Yes. Sure, Andrew. Well, first of all, we do continue to expect consumer demand for at-home cooking products to remain elevated coming out of the pandemic. Were certainly seeing that all over the world. Our research and survey data with consumers that we commented on just a few minutes ago, all points in that direction and the behavior seems to be bearing it out. Of course, in this quarter, in many developed markets, were lapping extraordinary consumption when lockdowns were heavily placed for the first time. But even in each market, in this time, if you look at the stack two year, you see consumption is still up very dramatically versus then. And just all indications are that, thats going to be the case. We are seeing foodservice recover, and it is a bit of a paradox that consumer consumption at-home seems to be remaining high and food service is recovering. We dont believe that people are eating more, but we do believe that they are cooking more, and that benefits our more ingredient-based flavor products.
Andrew Lazar: Thanks for that. And then just focusing, I guess, specifically on the part of your Flavor Solutions segment that is  that our sales to other CPG companies. I guess Im curious if we think towards the back half of the year, would you anticipate that part of your business to be up year-over-year just based on the elevated consumption levels that were continuing to see for some other CPG names in the packaged food and beverage space?
Lawrence Kurzius: Sure. Well, without trying to dissect Flavor Solutions too much. Yes, first of all, that part of the business had largely returned to its normal growth rate towards the end of last year. It has been strong through this year. But within our portfolio, you cant miss the fact that weve done a big acquisition in that Flavor Solutions space, and we are seeing a different mix of products as well, tremendous growth of beverages and innovation around hard seltzers and things like that. We  with FONA in particular, we tapped into a whole new addressable market around nutrition and health products. So, the portfolio migration is a big driver of our ongoing results in that part of the portfolio as well.
Mike Smith: Thats really part of our long-term strategy to migrate the Flavor Solutions portfolio to these high-growth categories like beverages.
Andrew Lazar: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Ken Goldman: Hi, good morning.
Lawrence Kurzius: Good morning.
Ken Goldman: I wanted to ask  I wanted to ask about the status of inventories in U.S. consumer. I think you talked about them being relatively high or low rather last quarter, and the rest of the year there will be a little bit of a build there. I am just curious where do you think those inventories stand now? Did the rebuild help a lot in 2Q? I didnt necessarily hear you quantify that. So, I just wanted a little bit of an update there, if possible?
Lawrence Kurzius: Sure, Ken. And I am glad to do that, and I will try to quantify it as well here in Q2. Well, first of all, this is an Americas consumer issue. We are shipping to consumption and have been in the rest of the world. Our Flavor Solutions isnt impacted by this on the Americas consumer. We werent able to keep up with the sustained demand, and so trade inventories, and perhaps the consumer pantries have been depleted. And so there has been a need to do a rebuild. You all saw on the shelf that, especially as we came through the end of last year, the shelves looked pretty rough. A number of you on the call, and Ken, I think maybe youve also written about TDPs  and so on. But, we are about 90% of the way to restoring the shelf. We really ended suspensions. We still have a few products on allocation, and demand has continued to be really strong. So, we are in some cases, very much hand to mouth on some products. Old Bay is a product that requires a lot of blending capacity. And so, we are a bit hand to mouth on that one, believe it or not. But in terms of restocking the shelf, honestly, I wish we have done a little bit more in the second quarter. I said we are at 90%. We would have really hoped to have it all done, and there is still more work to do because the demand has just continued to remain high through this period. If you just do the math, there is a lot of noise in the year ago numbers. So if you take it back to 20, and then a year ago, consumption was up tremendously, but we couldnt ship to that. Our shipments flagged a lot. So if we compare back to 2019, our consumption is up in second quarter, 18% versus 2019. Our organic sales, stripping out acquisitions are up 22%. I would suggest there is about a 4% inventory rebuilding impact in the second quarter on our Americas consumer business. So, it was a factor. Its not as big as I think a lot of people have it in their mind.
Ken Goldman: Perfect. Thank you for that. And then I wanted to ask  that was helpful. I wanted to ask on Flavor Solutions. The margin did improve nicely year-on-year, but still down over 100 basis points versus 2019, even though your organic sales were up over that time. I realize we are a little bit apples-to-oranges here. You have added some businesses, but just curiously, how are you thinking about I guess, the drivers of the margin recovery from here and maybe the pace of margin recovery over the next couple of quarters?
Mike Smith: Yes. I mean, as you say, I think, Ken, this is Mike. I mean we had a large recovery on the margin last year because it pretty much lapped what we did in the second quarter of the prior year. I think the reality of this as some costs go up as we pass through pricing, you are going to have a natural compression in the Flavor Solutions business, which we have seen in the past as we pass through penny cost, as we said. COVID cost obviously hit us in the second quarter, although we were comparable to last year overall, but there was some segment mix there. We do feel too within the Flavor Solutions category though, we  one with FONA, thats a nice margin bump. But even within the product portfolio, we see some margin positive as we migrate the business. So, as we grow sales more and get that  get more leverage to the rest of the year, because we are lapping a pretty soft second six last year, we are hopeful that will improve, too.
Ken Goldman: Thanks Mike.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Robert Moskow: Hi. Thanks for the question. I want to know in the Americas, we have heard through in the industry that its a little bit more difficult to negotiate with retailers on merchandising and pricing if you have had continued supply problems. Maybe your category is different and because of your leadership, its different. But what have the conversations been regarding that with your retailer customers? Has it compromised you at all in getting done what you need to get done?
Lawrence Kurzius: Well, I dont want to get too specific about our conversations with customers on pricing. There is always an amount of commercial tension in our pricing discussions, but we are really confident that we are going to be able to get through the pricing that we need. We take a long-term perspective with our customers. They know that we are fair that we are transparent in our cost. There is broad based inflation thats recognized by everybody. Its not just us thats going up in isolation thats full industry is moving. And so we are pretty confident that we are going to be able to take the pricing that we need. We are going to use all of the levers that we have to address costs. So, pricing certainly has to be part of the solution. But cost savings and revenue management are going to factor in the dealing with the inflation issue. And I think we have pretty strong confidence that these discussions are going to be positive. I think too, we are continuing to invest in our brands. We are  most of the share of voice in the category, which our customers know that. And you saw year-to-date we are up nicely in A&P. And again into the third quarter, so that is supporting their business, too.
Robert Moskow: Okay. And a follow-up question, maybe just for modeling, Mike. Can third quarter profits still be up year-over-year, because you mentioned that there is going to be a lag effect on inflation? I just want to make sure we are getting the phasing right. And then I would imagine fourth quarter, do you have a very easy comparison to a year ago because of the inventory, because of the supply chain shortages a year ago?
Mike Smith: Its  you are right, we are lapping a third quarter  a strong third quarter last year, we had about 8% total growth at 9% constant currency. And the consumer business was stronger compared to flavor last year. So, from a segment mix perspective is a little bit of a headwind in the third quarter. And you are right, the lagging of pricing does help the fourth quarter. We are also, as I just mentioned, higher brand marking in the third. Because if you remember, last year, in the fourth quarter, we had  I think it was around a 20% A&P increase, which was continued in Q1 and Q2. So, it would be an easier fourth quarter comparison from an A&P perspective. And a little bit from the sales, of sales in the fourth quarter for the company. We are below that 9% constant currency I mentioned before.
Lawrence Kurzius: I think Mike is talking about kind of the shape because try to avoid giving too specific  any particular quarter. Now these are our biggest quarters of the year coming up and so part of our thinking as we set guidance for the year.
Robert Moskow: Okay. Well. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard with Bernstein. Please proceed with your question.
Alexia Howard: Good morning everyone.
Lawrence Kurzius: Hello Alexia. Good morning.
Alexia Howard: So, I guess picking up on some earlier questions, are you able to sort of quantify what your input cost inflation outlook looks like at the moment? Are we talking about mid-single digit COGS inflation, perhaps including the freight component as well. I just want to get a sense of the order of magnitude there? And then I have a follow-up.
Lawrence Kurzius: Sure, Alexia. Yes. Our previous guidance was low-single digit. We have moved that to mid-single digit. And as we said on the call, I mean the three components, obviously, the freight in the ocean freight we have talked about, which is hitting everyone. We source a lot of our products in the Asian market. So, those rates are up, but also packaging due to resin costs and things like that going up. And then thirdly, commodities. But yes, low-single digit to mid-single digit now for this year.
Alexia Howard: Great. And then I am just curious about the market share trends that we are seeing in the U.S. Nielsen data. It looks as though there is some sell-off happening on the core herbs and spices area. Am I right in that? And do you expect that to correct going forward or is it just because of strange comparisons from the year ago period at this point?
Lawrence Kurzius: Its a little bit of both. And so the  so first, yes, we do expect that to turn positive. In the year ago period, we had heavy supply, heavy through second quarter, we were in a great stock position. We were building inventory for an ERP pilot. And so we had unusually high stock levels of finished goods ourselves going when the crisis hit, which enabled us to have extraordinary supply in the early weeks of the pandemic. I will say, by the end of second quarter, it was a very different situation, but going into the quarter, it was strong. And so our shelf position was really advantaged. And then, of course, we went through a long period where we werent able to meet the demand and our shelf position deteriorated. We had to suspend items, put them on allocation, stop promotion and so on. And our total distribution points declined as a result. And  and so we are comparing against a period of unusual strength at retail and in the year ago period and in this period, we have got a time when we are rebuilding that shelf position pretty much everywhere where we have been able to have good supply and good service to our customers. Our share has grown, not declined. Thats the case across our markets in Europe. Thats the case in some categories here in the U.S. The real pressure point has been herbs and spices and recipe mixes, where just the extraordinary demand ran down the shelf. And as we restore it, we are confident that our share position is going to improve.
Alexia Howard: Great. Thank you very much. I will pass it on.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Adam Samuelson: Yes. Thanks. Good morning everyone.
Lawrence Kurzius: Good morning.
Adam Samuelson: I want to maybe think a little bit longer term and some of the kind of key takeaways and points you have been highlighting on the call have talked about the increases in at-home consumption. Could have some staying power and that uniquely benefits your portfolio. And I am wondering how, if at all, that makes you think about the long-term organic sales potential of the business. I mean you have a long-term 4% to 6% sales growth algorithm that encompasses a little bit of M&A over time. So, 2% to 5% organic embedded in that. To do the changes in consumption post pandemic make you think that, that long-term organic sales growth potential could be higher or  and if not, why?
Lawrence Kurzius: Well, I dont think we are going to raise our long-term guidance today. But with our confidence in that long-term guidance is really reinforced by what we are seeing. I mean there has been a lot of talk about the changes in consumer behavior, but really is an amplification of trends that were already in place that we believe our long-term secular trends that underlie our growth and that our strategies are designed to capitalize on and the global demand for flavor has been growing steadily for I dont even know how long. Its a tremendous amount, your monitor projects global flavor demand to grow the 6% rate going forward for the next 5 years. And that is really the foundation for our sales growth. And then if you just think about compared to 2019, underlying global demand for flavor growing in the absence of a pandemic, 6% CAGR, you would expect us to be up 12%. So, I think that the performance that you are seeing is really more of a bleed through of what you are going to see in a post-pandemic world, consumers for cooking at home more before the pandemic. We believe that, that was accelerated that people  a lot of lapsed cooks had the opportunity to cook. Everyone learned their grandma and mothers secret recipes and then how to prepare them, someone in every household has become a very proficient. And its been a positive experience for people. They have an outlet for creativity. Its brought families together, and we think that this is a behavior that is going to be sticky. Younger consumers, in particular, have leaning towards healthy, flavorful, more scratch cooking and in particular, among Gen Z, a return to trusted brands and brands with some nostalgia, we think that these are really long-term demographic trends that are going to benefit us for a long time. So, our confidence in our long-term guidance is to reinforce of what we are seeing happen right now.
Mike Smith: Yes, I think, too, I mean another testament to our broad-based differentiated portfolio. But if you add them to your question about our 4% to 6% constant currency long-term growth of which a third of that is M&A. So you bolt on M&A, you take that out. So, you are kind of highlighting a 2.5% to 4% is our long-term guidance. Last year, constant currency organic growth was 5%. This year, the midpoint of our guidance is around 5%, too. So, we are seeing  I think Lawrence, the acceleration of those trends is reinforcing our belief on that organic growth of our long-term guidance.
Adam Samuelson: Okay. Thats helpful. And then a follow-up just a modeling question trying to Robs question a little bit differently. Just remind us the $30 million or so  of ERP expenses headwind year-on-year? How much of thats been already incurred in the first half of the year and $50 million of COVID-related expenses that you expect in fiscal 21, how much has been already incurred year-to-date, just so we are thinking about the first half phasing?
Lawrence Kurzius: Yes. The ERP is mostly going to be a second half headwind and very little impact year-on-year in the first half. From a COVID perspective, we had guided to $60 million for this year versus $50 million last year, and thats mostly been occurred in the first half.
Adam Samuelson: Got it. Okay, thats really helpful. Alright. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Peter Galbo with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Peter Galbo: Hi guys. Good morning. Thank you for taking the questions.
Lawrence Kurzius: Good morning Peter.
Peter Galbo: Mike, the gross margin, just wanted to go back there, the commentary or the new guidance on kind of 80 bps to 100 bps lower. It sounded like in your comments that actually mix or sales mix moving back to Flavor Solutions might have been a bigger impact actually than cost inflation. So, I wanted to clarify that comment. And just if there is kind of a way to break out those two kind of how they impact between mix and the cost inflation?
Mike Smith: Yes. Really, in the second quarter, it was mainly segment mix as we said. I mean the costs have been rising, but we have taken some pricing  but its really around segment mix in Q2. It changed a little bit in the second six, as we have guided gross margin probably between 90 basis point and 120 basis points if you do the squeeze on the gross margin, two-thirds of that is really  you are raising sales due to some pricing offsetting inflation and the FX piece, its not dropped through the profits. So, thats about two-thirds of that compression. The other third is some of the lag in the pricing, costs are coming through in the third quarter. We got pricing a little later. So, its a little bit of that, but its basically two-thirds due to mass and a third due to kind of the timing of the price.
Peter Galbo: Okay. No, thats helpful. And then maybe just two more quick modeling questions. I didnt see in the guidance anything on capital spend for the year or interest expense as well?
Mike Smith: Yes. We dont  I mean you will see in the Q coming out today, capital hasnt changed from last quarter. What was the question so we dont give interest guidance.
Peter Galbo: Okay. Thanks very much guys.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our question-and-answer session. I will turn the floor back to Mr. Kurzius for any final comments.
Lawrence Kurzius: Thanks, everyone, for your questions and for participating on todays call. McCormick is differentiated by the breadth of reach of our balanced portfolio, which has sustainably positioned us for growth. We are very pleased with our outstanding year-to-date operating performance which proves the strength of our business model, the value of our products and our capabilities as a company. We expect to drive even further growth as we continue to execute on our long-term growth, performance and people strategies actively respond to changing consumer behavior and capitalize on new opportunities. Our investments provide a new foundation for growth while enhancing our agility and our relevance with our consumers and customers, which when combined with our dedicated and engaged employees, positions us well for continued success and long-term shareholder value creation. For everyone listening in the U.S., I hope your 4th of July plans include getting together around the grills with friends and family and enjoying some Montreal Steak Seasoning, Frenchs Mustard and Stubbs barbecues.
Kasey Jenkins: Thank you, Lawrence and thank you to everyone for joining todays call. And for those of you that might be joining from Canada, Happy Canada Day today. If you have any further questions regarding todays information, please feel free to contact me. This concludes this mornings call. Thank you.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-03-30 08:00:00) =====
Kasey Jenkins: Good morning. This is Kasey Jenkins, Vice President of McCormick Investor Relations. Thank you for joining todays First Quarter Earnings Call. To accompany this call, we posted set of slides at ir.mccormick.com. Currently, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following our remarks, we will begin a question-and-answer session.  We will begin with remarks from Lawrence Kurzius, Chairman, President and CEO; and Mike Smith, Executive Vice President and CFO. During our remarks, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. These include information and constant currency, as well as adjusted gross margin, adjusted operating income, adjusted income tax rate and adjusted earnings per share that exclude the impact of special charges, transaction and innovation expenses related to the acquisition of Cholula and FONA.
Lawrence Kurzius: Thank you, Kasey. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. Starting on slide four, our first quarter results were outstanding. As we said in our year-end earnings call in January, we have confidence in our strategies and are well-positioned to deliver another year of differentiated growth in 2021. Following an extraordinary in 2020, in 2021 we expect strong underlying base business performance and recent acquisitions to drive significant sales growth, as well as strong operating income growth, even considering extraordinary COVID-19 costs and business transformation investments highlighting our focus on profit realization. During the first quarter, we delivered double-digit sales, adjusted operating income and earnings growth. We expect growth to vary by quarter in 2021, given 2020 level of demand volatility and the pace of COVID-19 recovery. But importantly, we have started the year with outstanding first quarter performance giving us confidence in an even stronger outlook for 2021. As seen on slide five, we have a broad and advantaged global flavor portfolio with compelling offerings for every retail and customer strategy across all channels. The breadth and reach of our portfolio across segments, geographies, channels, customers and product offerings creates a balanced and diversified portfolio to drive consistency in our performance as evidenced again by our first quarter results. The sustained shift in consumer behavior to cooking and eating more at-home continued to drive substantial increases in our Consumer segment demand in all regions, as well as increases in our packaged food company customer in our Flavor Solutions segment.
Mike Smith: Thanks, Lawrence, and good morning, everyone. I will now provide some additional comments on our first quarter performance and an update on our 2021 outlook. As Lawrence mentioned, our first quarter results were outstanding. Starting with our topline growth, as seen on slide 18, we grew sales 20% in constant currency during the first quarter, our volume and product mix, acquisitions and pricing each contributed to the increase. Our organic sales growth was 16%, driven by our Consumer segment and incremental sales from our Cholula and FONA acquisitions contributed 4% across both segments. The Consumer segment sales grew 32% in constant currency with double-digit growth in all three regions. The sustained shift in consumer consumption continues to drive increased demand for our Consumer products, fueled by our brand marketing, new products and category management initiatives, and resulted in higher volume and mix in each region. On slide 19, Consumer segment sales in the Americas increased to 30% in constant currency versus the first quarter of 2020, with 5% of the increase from the acquisition of Cholula. The remaining increase from higher volume and product mix was broad-based across the majority of categories and brands, as well as private label products, with particular strength in the McCormick, Franks RedHot, Frenchs, Zatarains, Lawrys, Simply Asia and Gourmet Garden brands. In EMEA, constant currency consumer sales growth -- grew 26% from a year ago, with double-digit growth in all countries and categories across the region. The most significant volume and mixed growth drivers were Schwartz and Ducros branded spices and seasonings, Vahin homemade dessert products, packaging products and our Kamis branded products in Poland. Consumer sales in the Asia-Pacific region increased 55% in constant currency, driven primarily by the recovery from the disruption in China consumption last year, as Lawrence mentioned. Excluding that recovery impact, the region had double-digit growth due to strong China consumer and branded foodservice demand, partially driven by the timing of Chinese New Year and related holiday promotions, as well as continued strength in Australia. Turning to our Flavor Solutions segment in slide 22, we grew first quarter constant currency sales 3%. In the Americas, Flavor Solutions constant currency sales grew 2%, driven by the FONA and Cholula acquisitions, a 7% increase, as well as pricing to offset of increase. Volume and product mix declined due to a reduction in demand from branded foodservice and other restaurant customers, partially offset by higher demand from packaged food company, with particular strength in snacks seasonings and savory flavors. In EMEA, constant currency sales were comparable to last year, as pricing actions offset cost increases. Volume and product mix declined due to lower sales to branded foodservice and other restaurant customers, partially offset by sales growth with packaged food companies with strengthened snacks seasonings. In the Asia-Pacific region, Flavor Solutions sales rose 18% at constant currency, driven by higher sales to QSRs in China and Australia, partially due to our customers limited time offers and promotional activities, as well as the China recovery impact from last years COVID-19 related lockdown. As seen on slide 26, adjusted operating income, which excludes transaction and integration costs related to the Cholula and FONA acquisitions, as well as special charges increased 35% or international currency 32% in the first quarter versus the year ago period. The Consumer segment adjusted operating income grew 59% to $190 million, a 54% constant currency growth from higher sales, favorable mix and CCI-led cost savings more than offset COVID-19 related costs and a 17% increase in brand marketing. In the Flavor Solutions segment, adjusted operating income declined 4% to $73 million with minimal impact from currency. Higher sales and CCI-led cost savings were more than offset by unfavorable manufacturing costs. As seen on slide 27, adjusted gross profit margin expanded 60 basis points in the first quarter versus the year ago period due to favorable mix, both within the Consumer segment and due to the sales shift between segments. In addition, CCI-led cost savings were partially offset by COVID-19 related costs. Our selling, general and administrative expense, as a percentage of net sales, was down year-on-year by 100 basis points from the first quarter of last year. Leverage from sales growth drove the declined, partially offset by the increase in brand marketing, I mentioned a moment ago. With the growth -- gross margin expansion and SG&A leverage, adjusted operating margin expanded 160 basis points for the first quarter of 2020. Turning to income taxes on slide 28, our first quarter adjusted effective tax rate was 22.7%, compared to 18.4% in the year ago period. The first quarter adjusted tax rate in 2020 was significantly impacted by a favorable discrete item related to a refinement of our entity structure. Income from unconsolidated operations increased 28% in the first quarter of 2021, due to strong underlying performance of our joint venture in Mexico. At the bottomline, as shown on slide 30, first quarter 2021 adjusted earnings per share was $0.72, as compared to $0.54 for the year ago period. The increase was due to our higher adjusted operating income performance, partially offset by a higher adjusted income tax rate. On slide 31, we summarize highlights for cash flow and the balance sheet. Our cash flow from operations was an outflow of $32 million for the first quarter of 2021, compared to an inflow of $45 million in the first quarter of 2020. This change was primarily due to a lower level of cash generated from working capital associated with increased sales, higher incentive compensation payments and the payment of transaction and integration costs related to our recent trans -- acquisitions. In February, we raised $1 billion through the issuance of five-year 0.9% notes and 10-year 1.85% notes. We took the opportunity in a low interest rate environment to optimize our long-term financing following our Cholula and FONA acquisitions. We also return to $91 million of cash to our shareholders through dividends and use $49 million for capital expenditures this quarter. We expect 2021 to be another year of strong cash flow, driven by profit and working capital initiatives and our priority is to continue to have a balanced use of the cash, funding investments to fuel growth, returning a significant portion to our shareholders through dividends and paying down debt. Now, I would like to discuss our 2021 financial outlook on slide 32 and 33. With our broad and advantage flavor portfolio, a robust operating momentum and effective growth strategies, we are well-positioned for another year of differentiated growth and performance. In our 2021 outlook, we are projecting topline and earnings growth from our strong base business and acquisition contribution, with earnings growth partially offset by incremental COVID-19 costs and ERP investment, as well as our higher projected adjusted effective tax rate. We also expect there will be an estimated 2-percentage-point favorable impact of currency rates on sales, adjusted operating income and adjusted earnings per share. At the topline, due to our first quarter results and robust operating momentum, we are increasing our expected constant currency sales growth to 6% to 8%, compared to 5% to 7% previously, which continues to include the incremental impact of the Cholula and FONA acquisitions at the projected range of 3.5% to 4%. We anticipate our organic growth will be primarily led by higher volume and product mix driven by our category management, brand marketing, new products and customer engagement growth lines. As Lawrence mentioned earlier, we expect sales growth vary by region and quarter in 2021, given 2020s level of demand volatility and the pace of the COVID-19 recovery. But importantly, we continue to expect we will drive overall organic sales growth for the full year in both of our segments. We are now projecting our 2021 adjusted gross profit margin to be comparable to 2020 due to increasing inflationary pressure, mainly due to transportation costs, but our inflation expectation for the full year remains a low single-digit increase. Our adjusted gross margin projections reflect margin accretion from the Cholula and FONA acquisitions, as well as unfavorable sales mix from segments and COVID-19 costs. Our estimate for COVID-19 costs remains unchanged at $60 million in 2021, as compared to $50 million in 2020 and weighted to the first half of the year. As a reminder, fiscal 2021 COVID-19 costs are largely from the third-party manufacturing costs. Reflecting the increase in our sales outlook, we are also increasing our expected constant currency adjusted operating income growth. Our adjusted operating income growth rate reflects expected strong underlying performance from our base business and acquisitions projected to be 11% to 13% constant currency growth, compared to 10% to 12% previously. This is partially offset by a 1% impact from increased COVID-19 costs compared to 2020 and a 3% impact of the estimated incremental ERP investment. This results in total projected adjusted operating income growth rate of 7% to 9% in constant currency, increased from 6% to 8% previously. This projection reflects the inflationary pressure I just mentioned, as well as our CCI-led cost savings target of approximately $110 million. We also continue to expect a low single-digit increase in brand marketing investments, which will be heavier in the first half of the year. We also reaffirm our 2021 adjusted effective income tax rate projected to be approximately 23%. This outlook versus our 2020 adjusted effective tax rate is expected to be a headwind to our 2021 adjusted earnings per share growth of approximately 4%. We are increasing our 2021 adjusted earnings per share expectations to growth of 5% to 7%, which includes a favorable impact from currency. This increase reflects our higher adjusted operating profit outlook and the impact from optimizing our long-term financing, which I mentioned earlier. Our guidance range for the adjusted earnings per share in 2021 is now $2.97 to $3.02, compared to $2.91 to $2.96 previously. This compares to $2.83 of adjusted earnings per share in 2020. This growth reflects strong base business and acquisition performance growth of 11% to 13% in constant currency, partially offset by the impacts I just mentioned related to COVID-19, our incremental ERP investment and the tax headwinds. Based on the expected timing of some expense items such as COVID-19 cost and brand marketing investments, as well as a low tax rate in the first half of last year, we expect our earnings growth to be weighted to the second half of the year. Our first quarter performance was a strong start to the year and we are optimistic for the balance of the year. But we recognize we are lapping a very strong earnings performance in the second quarter of 2020, we are also making investments to drive growth in 2021. In summary, we are projecting strong underlying base business performance and growth from acquisitions in our 2021 outlook. With earnings growth partially offset by incremental COVID-19 costs and ERP investment, as well as a higher projected effective tax rate. Id like to now turn it back to Lawrence for some additional remarks before we move to your questions.
Lawrence Kurzius: Thank you, Mike. Now that Mike has shared our financial results and outlook in more details, Id like to recap the key takeaways as seen on slide 34. Our first quarter results with double-digit sales, adjusted operating income and earnings growth were an outstanding start to the year and bolstered our confidence in a stronger 2021 outlook. We have a strong foundation and a balanced portfolio, which drives consistency in our performance. We are confident the sustainability of higher at-home consumption will persist beyond the pandemic and we are well-positioned to capitalize on accelerating consumer trends, as well as prepared for away-from-home consumption recovery. Cholula and FONA have both started the year with strong momentum and results, our enthusiasm for these acquisitions and our confidence that we will deliver on our plans has only strengthened over the last few months. Our fundamentals, momentum and growth outlook are stronger than ever. Our 2021 outlook reflects another year of differentiated growth and performance, while also making investments for the future. We are confident we will continue on our growth trajectory in 2021 and beyond. Now, lets turn to your questions.
Operator: Thank you.  Thank you. And our first question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Andrew Lazar: Hi. Good morning, everybody.
Lawrence Kurzius: Good morning, Andrew.
Mike Smith: Good morning.
Andrew Lazar: Hi. I guess, first off, sounds like you are making as expected good progress on getting many of those suspended items in SKUs back on the shelf as your capacity comes on stream. It sounds like theres still some more to go as you move through the year, I guess, particularly in 2Q. Is there any way you can maybe dimensionalize that a bit and how significant that refill might be in 2Q, even if its like versus the magnitude of what you saw in 1Q, just to try and put some context around it? And have you had any challenges in getting some of those suspended items back on the shelf at all, because I know that in Europe you mentioned you would actually benefited from incremental shelf placement at the expense of some competitors that had some capacity issues. I didnt know if the reverse had been an issue for you here? And then I am just going to follow-up.
Lawrence Kurzius: Sure, Andrew, Well, as we have gone through the COVID crisis in 2020 and we want to ship consumption every quarter because we were not able to keep up with the extended elevated levels of demand overall. And in order to keep our best selling items, our core items and in particular as we got to the fall protect the holiday items, we did suspend a substantial number of items and as that capacity we have been steadily restoring them as we have gone through this first quarter of this year. And Id say that right now we probably are around the halfway point in terms of getting items back on the shelf. But any -- you or anyone on this call and certainly my friends and family who hector me about this endlessly, can walk into any store and find that there are a lot of holes on the shelf and a lot of our products that are not yet in full distribution and even within a given account, the store-by-store situation it might be different. Theres a supply chain aspect to it. Theres a retail work aspect to getting on the shelf. And I think that this is going to be a steady rebuild as we go through the rest of the year. We have made a good start on it in Q1, but we have quite a long way to go. And its hard -- I would hesitate to get overly precise about it. I would expect to see the shelf getting restored as we go through the year. I think one of the big variables for us, Andrew, is just the strength of the consumer demand.
Andrew Lazar: Yeah.
Lawrence Kurzius: Consumer demand has been higher than we originally planned and so we are actually not as far along in our restoration plans as we would have hoped. Thats because as fast as we supply the market, consumers are pulling the product through. But as you think that, its hard -- Id say its hard for us to dimensionalize. I will emphasize
Andrew Lazar: Yeah.
Lawrence Kurzius:  its an Americas problem. Most of the world, we are shipping to consumption, our supply chain is well caught up or our service levels are solid. Its in the Americas where we have got some catching up to do. And in most categories here in the Americas we are also shipping consumption as well. Its primarily herbs and spices, and our recipe mixes particularly.
Andrew Lazar: Yeah.
Lawrence Kurzius: I think you are going to see a big change in the TDPs as we go through the coming weeks and I think I am sure we hit bottom on that and already turn the quarter just because of the restoration efforts daily.
Andrew Lazar: Yeah.
Mike Smith: I think just to add to that too, we are going to be a little bit more optimistic but prudent. I mean the second quarter of last year as you remember we grew total consumer sales 28%, 36% in the Americans. So its a tough comp as we look forward but we are optimistic.
Andrew Lazar: Yeah. Understood. And thank you for the TDP comment that leads into just a quick follow-up, which is, where do you -- whats your best guess at where TDPs might end up like once we get to a steady state, lets say, versus 2019. I am assuming they will be down a bit just as you have come through this and maybe in a more efficient shelf going forward even though I know they probably reached obviously more depth during the actual pandemic and manage to recover. But we do expect TDPs to be down maybe a couple of percent going forward
Lawrence Kurzius: Yeah. That is
Andrew Lazar:  that sort of a steady state?
Lawrence Kurzius: very good observation. As we have gone through this we have not only suspended SKUs but we have also rationalized SKUs. We have eliminated a couple of hundred SKUs that were slow moving or what the items that we have now are much higher velocity on an average. We are also continuing the aisle reinvention program and setting store shelves. We -- in spite of that I think the COVID situation last year and all of the restrictions around working the shelf we were able to reset over 5,000 stores. We expect at least that many this year and a reduction we are getting a lift from that and at the same time it does reduce the SKU count. So its a
Andrew Lazar: Thanks.
Lawrence Kurzius: 
Andrew Lazar: Right. Thank you very much everybody.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Ken Goldman: Hi. Thank you. You have a unique perspective because you see broadly across so many retail and foodservice categories. I am curious in the U.S. restaurant sales, we are doing better right? Americans are traveling much more? But at the same time, we are seeing overall food at-home take away really remaining strong and I think probably better than what some may have expected? Obviously down on a weekly basis, but still better on a two year? So I am just curious, are you surprised and how do you reconcile the improved foodservice sales that we are seeing across the entire industry, with what I would consider still impressive at-home trends? I never want to bet against the simplest explanation, which is that Americans are just eating more, but I think the total implied increase in food numbers. Its still -- it is notable. I am just curious for your thoughts there?
Lawrence Kurzius: Right. Hey, Ken. Thanks. And by the way you won the award for the best headline on your screen that was awesome.
Ken Goldman: All the short-term are mad at me for overstating it. So it works both ways.
Lawrence Kurzius: Okay. Well, I would say, first of all, the food at-home consumption really is strong. I mean we are seeing that ourselves and in our business of course and also in our Flavor Solutions business where the other CPG companies are our customers. And so we see growth -- we are seeing a lot of strength there. I think on restaurant its actually a mixed bag. The QSR, the quick service restaurants are doing well. I think during the first quarter, there were a lot of -- because everyone thinks about the state we are in today, but think about December and January, there were a lot of new lockdowns that were put in place, the restrictions that were -- have been lifted or reinstated. I would say that the branded foodservice side, the restaurant customers might be off to a little bit slower start to the year and everyone maybe thinking. I do think theres a lot of optimism among restaurant operators as we go into the second quarter and as the vaccination rates go up and many of these restrictions are lift and I think that that group will come back stronger. But certainly for the beginning of the year they are off to a little bit slower start.
Ken Goldman: Okay. Thank you. I know we are running a little long but I wanted to sneak one more in which is its always dangerous to ask about math on earnings calls, but back of the envelope it seems you are implying now that for the last nine months of the year, right, 2Q to 4Q organic sales growth is actually going to be a little bit less than what you have anticipated a few months ago and I am just basing this on some of your guidance items? So is it fair to say that the first quarter over shipment was so strong that it may be pulled forward some of your expected shipments ahead or am I really parsing that info too finally and you are not really making any implied changes to guidance?
Lawrence Kurzius: Yeah. So our intent was to reflect the sales growth over delivery that we got in the first quarter, but -- which was high. But we really did not change our outlook for the rest of the year
Mike Smith: Yeah. Year ago for the total constant organic as we call it is basically the same. Its plus or minus 1% for the year. So we call our base of the range is 2.5% to 4%, up 1%. But you are right, year ago it basically what we said before, we havent called it down.
Ken Goldman: Okay.
Mike Smith: But I know and as you and others the two year CAGRs or whats really an impressive part as we start measuring this and looking at lapping things. Those are actually above our organic growth guidance long-term that we are seeing now.
Lawrence Kurzius: And it is just the
Ken Goldman: Got it.
Lawrence Kurzius:  first quarter, so we are trying to be both optimism -- express our optimism, because I mean the business is very strong, but also a bit prudent. I mean we are lapping a big second...
Mike Smith: We are lapping
Lawrence Kurzius: We are lapping to second quarter there.
Ken Goldman: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Robert Moskow: All right. Thank you.
Lawrence Kurzius: Hi, Rob.
Robert Moskow: Hi. Good morning. I dont think you are in the practice of giving us your COVID costs, but I was wondering if they now did need to be higher this year than expected, because you need to rely on third parties more than you thought and if you can maybe compare that to 2020? I am also wondering if I look at second quarter a different way. I know the year-over-year is difficult to look at. But sequentially, you typically have higher sales in 2Q than you have in 1Q and higher first -- and higher profit. But I think consensus is assuming that that wont happen. So I know you have given us first half, second half guidance, but wondering for a little more clarity on how 2Q compares to 1Q maybe sequentially? Thanks.
Mike Smith: Yeah. This is Mike. On the COVID cost, we said previously and we havent changed from that, we spent about $50 million last year and we are going to ever spend about $60 million this year. So thats about spend.
Robert Moskow: Okay.
Mike Smith: Now the timing of that is a little different. Its going to be first half heavily weighted in 2021, a lot of thats cumin cost we talked about before. Kind of leading in your second question, like, Colmin  was coming in the first quarter wasnt a full impact of the Colmin cost as we ramp things up, so really the second quarter is where kind of these every month will have the full Colmin cost, so thats a little bit of the headwind in the second quarter. We talked about the first quarter our consumer A&P was up around 17%, we are going to have another investment of A&P in the second quarter to drive sales as we said again as towards the first half, second half story. So I think Q2 has a bit of a headwind from an expense perspective and then COVID and A&P cost perspective. And also the tax rates, they are going down to the EPS line.
Robert Moskow: Okay. I will leave it there. Thank you.
Mike Smith: I say maybe we summarize this, we talked about the year being a first half, second half story, within the first half, theres a first quarter and the second story -- the second quarter story, think of it that way.
Robert Moskow: Yeah. And again first half EPS still up versus year ago.
Mike Smith: Yeah.
Robert Moskow: Okay. Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Alexia Howard with Bernstein. Please share your question.
Alexia Howard: Good morning, everyone.
Lawrence Kurzius: Good morning, Alexia.
Alexia Howard: Hi, there. So you mentioned e-commerce briefly in the prepared remarks. Could you give us a little bit more color region-by-region? You talked about strong double-digit growth and I am just wondering how that varied in the various parts of the world? And are you seeing a slowdown in some of those areas at this point as reopening happened? And then I have a follow up.
Lawrence Kurzius: Sure. Well, first of all, e-commerce is strong everywhere. We talked last year about triple-digit and at the end of the year, we said, e-commerce total was around, I think, it was 136% increase year-on-year. Its not quite triple-digit, but its a very strong double-digit increase in the first quarter again on top of the strong performance last year. So, I mean, Id say, that thats still pretty explosive growth and we have no disappointment about that. Id say, the omnichannel, particularly is very strong and I dont -- I think that the -- while the numbers may be slightly different region-to-region, but they trend in the same direction globally.
Alexia Howard: Great. Thank you very much.
Lawrence Kurzius: I think consumers have had a good experience shopping online.
Mike Smith: Well, I think that the habits that they are going to continue using to what we are seeing.
Lawrence Kurzius: Right.
Mike Smith: Some of our consumer research.
Alexia Howard: Okay. Thats very helpful. And then, in terms of new product, it sounds as though you have obviously got an impressive lineup to 2021. Is your percentage of sales from new products trending upwards, I imagine it was slower last year because of the pandemic. I dont know what you can quantify exactly what percentage of sales from new products you are anticipating this year and how that compares to maybe where you were a year ago?
Lawrence Kurzius: I will let Mike speak to the numbers of...
Mike Smith: I think it is more -- I think that as a more normal year. In a normal year, we are talking about 7% or 8% of our products introduced in the last three years make up our sales pace. It would have been less last year because of the pandemic, but it was kind of a strong ramp of new products in the 2021, as you have seen that we get back to more normal longer term numbers.
Alexia Howard: Great.
Lawrence Kurzius: Yeah. A number of the items that we launched last year, we got less placement on it because of the focus on core items, not just by us but by the retailers. On the other hand, where we -- they did get into distribution. They have got an extraordinary amount of trial. So some of the items that we did launch last year are no longer best performing at new items and new aisles and we are really treating 2021 as a continuation of the launch here for NPD we introduced last year. So it gives us quite a pipeline for this year.
Alexia Howard: Great. Thank you very much. I will pass it on.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Adam Samuelson: Yes. Thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Lawrence Kurzius: Hi, Adam.
Mike Smith: Good morning, Adam.
Adam Samuelson: Hi. So I just want to clarify -- two clarification questions. First, the relative to the earnings call in January the expectations on raw materials and cost inflation were unchanged? And just to be clear just in terms of what you are seeing in terms of freight, packaging, varieties of raw material, ingredients, is that something where you have had enough contracted and not exposed to the spot market to insulate you for fiscal 2021 or is it just your aggregate commodity basket really hasnt moved that much because
Mike Smith: I mean it
Adam Samuelson: more broadly seems...
Mike Smith: Yeah. This is Mike. I mean we havent changed our guidance for the year still low-single digits, obviously, a lot of commodities and packaging to your point is already contracted. In freight variable that we have talked about and one of the reasons we said while we have had growing great growth in mix and things like that in the long-term debt optimization. We didnt drop it off through to the bottomline because some pressure from increased inflation from transportation just like every other company has been seeing recently and those we have recognized that in our forecasts and our guidance but we are still low single digits generally.
Adam Samuelson: Okay. Thats really helpful. And then the second clarification just you talked about over shipping Americas consumption growth of 15%. I am just trying to make sure in the slides the Americas volume price mix, our product mix is up 25%, 24.5%. Is that apples to apples versus the 15% or what the -- just trying to understand the magnitude of how much you were actually over shipping in the period?
Lawrence Kurzius: In a year ago -- this is Lawrence. In a year ago in the first quarter of last year it seems like a long -- life time ago in the Americas are actually under shift consumption in the first quarter a year ago and so at the time we said was about a 4% impact on the Americas. So I think you should factor that out and so the over shipment versus consumption might be a little bit less than it seems. Again, we
Adam Samuelson: Okay.
Lawrence Kurzius:  are hopeful actually to build to rebuild stocks in the trade more than we did and the consumption is very strong.
Adam Samuelson: All right. Thats all really helpful. I will pass it on. Thank you.
Lawrence Kurzius: Great. Thanks, Adam.
Operator: Thank you. We are nearing the end of our question-and-answer session for today and have time for one additional question which is coming from line of Chris Growe with Stifel. Please proceed with your questions.
Chris Growe: Hi. Good morning.
Lawrence Kurzius: Good morning Chris.
Chris Growe: Hi. I just I will make a quick here. I know we are at the end of this, just real quickly. Just to understand as we think about those third-party co-manufacturing costs and a bit of weight on the gross margin, do those continue all through the year? Just understand like are you using third parties just to rebuild inventory and then you can shut that down or is this something that will be ongoing in terms of your supply of product in the future?
Mike Smith: Hey, Chris. Its Mike. One, we are always using food manufacturers. Thats a part of our supply chain. As we talked about though here we really stretch some of those strategic co-factors to help us out shorter term really focused on the first six months of the year, very volume dependent. So, the way we are thinking now is again the second quarter will be the heaviest spend there will be some probably roles into third quarter or so but. And we will see what volume is too, what consumption continues as something we would assess as we always do. And as our supply chain continues to recover thats another variable that could speed it up or slow it down. So those are all considered in our guidance stuff.
Chris Growe: Okay. Thank you. And just a quick one on as I think about whats happening in China, you saw double-digit consumption in consumer sales and I think that even excludes the branded foodservice you sell -- the products you sell, as well as a really strong recovery in foodservice. I guess I just want to understand, make sure that those numbers are accurate and then to the degree to which that is somewhat of a predictor of what can happen in the U.S. as we saw the lap the tougher comps on the consumer side with the easy comps on the foodservice side, are you learning anything from whats happened in China as an indicator for the U.S.?
Lawrence Kurzius: Well, I think, the interesting thing in China is that, even though they are well past the COVID impact and are very far along in recovery, consumption of food at-home remains strong even as foodservice has recovered. The -- I think its interesting to look around that region also because what we are talking about the Asia-Pacific region, it is not just China thats the biggest market there. But markets like Australia which is also pretty far along in recovery, even though foodservices has rebounded, its not back to the same level that it once was and consumption of food at-home has continued to be very strong.
Chris Growe: Okay. Thank you.
Lawrence Kurzius: I think it goes to the point that we have -- the making which is that, this has been a long-term trend anyway for consumers where they cook more at-home and more from scratch at home when they do and the COVID situation reinforced that behavior that helped whole new generation of cooks learn how to cook their family recipes that maybe they relied on mom or grandma, all new eating occasions as well as new
Mike Smith: Lunch
Lawrence Kurzius: All new eating occasions like lunch as people work remotely. I think there are lot of reasons to believe that consumption at-home is going to continue to be elevated.
Chris Growe: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. I will now turn the floor back to Lawrence Kurzius for closing remarks.
Lawrence Kurzius: Id like to thank everyone for your questions and for participating in todays call. I apologize to those that we didnt get to in the queue. We did have a very long script today. We had a lot of information to get out. McCormick is differentiated by the breadth and reach of our balanced portfolio which is sustainably positioned us for growth. We are very pleased with our outstanding first quarter operating performance, which proves the strength of our business model, the value of our products and our capabilities as a company. We expect to drive even further growth as we continue to execute on a long-term growth performance and people strategies actively respond to changing consumer behavior and capitalize on new opportunities. Our investments provide a new foundation for growth, while enhancing our agility and our relevance with consumers and customers, which positions us well for continued success and long-term shareholder value creation.
Kasey Jenkins: Thank you, Lawrence, and thanks everybody for joining todays call. And again, we apologize to those that did not get. And I would be happy to follow up with you after the call. If there are any further questions from anybody regarding todays information, please feel free to contact me. This concludes this mornings conference call. Thank you very much.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-01-28 08:00:00) =====
Kasey Jenkins: Good morning. This is Kasey Jenkins, Vice President of McCormick Investor Relations. Thank you for joining todays Fourth Quarter Earnings Call. To accompany in this call, weve posted a set of slides at ir.mccormick.com. Currently, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following our remarks, we will begin a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Well begin with remarks from Lawrence Kurzius, Chairman, President, and CEO; and Mike Smith, Executive Vice President and CFO. During our remarks, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. These include information in constant currency, as well as adjusted gross margin, adjusted operating income, adjusted income tax rate, adjusted earnings per share and adjusted leverage ratio that exclude the impact of special charges, transaction and integration expenses related to the acquisitions of Cholula and FONA, and for 2019, the net non-recurring benefit associated with the U.S. Tax Act. Reconciliations to the GAAP results are included in this mornings press release and slides. As a reminder, we completed a 2-for-1 stock split at the end of our fiscal 2020. As a result, all per share amounts mentioned today will be also included in our 10-K, reflects the virtual access presentation of those amounts on a split adjusted basis. In our comments, certain percentages are rounded. Please refer to our presentation for complete information. In addition, as a reminder, todays presentation contains projections and other forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from those projected. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether because of new information, future events or other factors. It is important to note these statements include expectations and assumptions, which will be shared related to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. As seen on Slide 2, our forward-looking statement also provides information on risk factors including the impacts of COVID-19 that could affect our financial results. It is now my pleasure to turn the discussion over to Lawrence.
Lawrence Kurzius: Thank you, Kasey. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. Starting on Slide 4. Our fourth quarter results completed a year of strong financial performance. We delivered strong results in 2020, despite great disruption proving the strength of our business model, the value of our product, our capabilities as a company, as well as the successful execution of our strategies. I am incredibly proud of the way McCormick has performed in this unprecedented operating environment. We drove outstanding underlying operating performance while protecting our employees and recognizing their exceptional performance, making important investments in our supply chain, and brand building to fuel future growth and supporting our communities through relief efforts. Were also excited about the recent acquisitions of Cholula and FONA, two fantastic businesses that will continue to support differentiated growth and performance, positioning McCormick for success in 2021 and beyond. As seen on Slide 5, we have a broad and advantage global flavor portfolio with compelling offerings for every retail and customer strategy across all channels, the breadth and reach of our portfolio across segments, geographies, channels, customers, and product offerings creates a balanced and diversified portfolio to drive consistency in our performance during volatile time as evidenced by our fourth quarter and fiscal year results. The sustained shift in consumer behavior to cooking and eating more at home, our at-home consumption drove substantial increases in our Consumer segment demand as well as increases with our packaged goods company customers in our Flavor Solutions segment. On the other hand, we experienced declines in demand from our restaurant and other food service customers in the away-from-home products in our portfolio. The impact of this shift to more at-home consumption has varied by region due to differing levels of away-from-home consumption in each, as well as the pace of each regions COVID-19 recovery. Taken together, these impacts continue to demonstrate the strength and diversity of our offering. Heading into 2021, Im confident our operating momentum will continue. In our 2021 outlook, our continued underlying business momentum, and the Cholula and FONA acquisitions are expected to drive robust sale, adjusted operating income and earnings growth and fund our investments in business transformation. This morning, Ill begin with our fourth quarter results reflect on our 2020 achievements and then share with you some of our 2021 business momentum and plans. After that, I will turn it over to Mike, who will go and more depth on the quarter end fiscal year results, as well as the details of our 2021 guidance. Turning to Slide 6, starting with our fourth quarter results, which were in line with the guidance we provided for sales, adjusted operating profit, and adjusted earnings per share on our last earnings call. On our top line versus the year-ago period, we grew total sales 5%, including a 1% favorable impact from currency. In constant currency, we grew total sales 4% with both segments contributing to the increase. Adjusted operating income declined 4% as growth from higher sales and CCI-led cost savings were more than offset by higher planned brand marketing investments, COVID-19 related costs and higher employee benefit expenses. Our fourth quarter adjusted earnings per share was $0.79 compared to $0.81 in the prior year, driven primarily by lower adjusted operating income for the partial offset for lower interest expense. Turning to our fourth quarter segment business performance, starting on Slide 7 in our Consumer segment, we grew fourth quarter sales by 6%, on constant currency 5% driven by consumers cooking and eating more at home. Our Americas constant currency sales growth was 6% in the fourth quarter. Our total McCormick U.S. branded portfolio, as indicated in our IRI consumption data grew 14%, which reflects the strength of our categories as consumers continue to cook more at home. Similar to previous quarters, our sales increase was lower than the U.S. IRI consumption growth, which is attributable to service level pressures and an increased level of pricing and scanner data. As mentioned in our earnings call at the end of September, we expected service level pressures in the fourth quarter, due to the sustained increase in demand to protect our top selling holiday items. We had to suspend or curtail production on some secondary product, which importantly drove our strong holiday execution. In consistent with previous quarters, scanner data includes higher pricing growth due to the channel shift with grocery outpacing mass merchandisers and club stores, as well as some impact from the lower promotional activity. Focusing on the U.S. branded portfolio, and spices and seasonings and other key categories, excluding dry recipe mixes, we grew fourth quarter consumption at double-digit rate, and again, increased our household penetration and repeat buyer rates. Our fourth quarter dry recipe mix consumption was impacted by supply constraint, it had double-digit growth for the year as its spices and seasonings and the other key categories. In the fourth quarter, we continue to gain share and categories less impacted by supply constraints, including hot sauces, stocks and broth, barbecue sauce, wet marinades and Asian products. The majority of our categories continued to outpace the total store, and center-of-store growth rates, favorably impacting not only the McCormick brand, but smaller brands as well, such as Stubbs, Lawrys, Simply Asia and Thai Kitchen. And in e-commerce, we had triple-digit pure-play growth as McCormick branded consumptions outpacing all major categories. But we do not expect consumption to continue at the highly-elevated level of our fourth quarter. We do expect continued at long lasting growth from the increase in consumers cooking more at home, the most recent IRI scanner sales data for the five weeks ending January 17. So, total McCormick U.S. branded portfolio consumption is still growing at approximately 11.5% with continued strength in spices and seasonings. Consumers are continuing to come to our brands, have a good experience and buy our products again. In the fourth quarter, we increased our brand marketing investments in all regions as planned with the Americas messaging and promotional activities focused on a holiday proving to be successful. In our high level of effective brand marketing investments and our initiatives to deepen or digital engagement with consumers, were capitalizing on the opportunity to build long-term brand equity after trial, an increased usage by existing consumers. And with the manufacturing capacity, weve recently added, we are well positioned moving into 2021 and well continue to drive growth through strong brand marketing, category management initiatives and new product innovation. Now, turning to EMEA. Our constant currency sales rose 10% of the fourth quarter with broad-based growth across the region. Our largest markets continued to drive double-digit total branded consumption growth with market share gains across the region at several categories. Spices and seasonings consumption was strong in all markets and our Vahine brand in France, again, had strong consumption growth and outpaced the homemade desserts category. In the UK, Franks RedHot drove the hot sauce category growth and gained share with over 50% consumption growth. In EMEA, our household penetration and rate of repeat buyers increased significantly across our major brands and markets during the fourth quarter and the full year compared to last year. Importantly, for the full year, we gained total EMEA region market share and spices and seasonings and dry recipe mixes. In the Asia Pacific region, our constant currency sales declined 10% driven by softness and branded food service products, which are included in our Consumer segment in this region. The food service industry is continuing to recover, but at a gradual pace. growth in China was also impacted quite a shift to a later Chinese New Year in 2021, which in turn impacted shipments at the end of our year. Excluding those impacts, consumer consumption in the region was strong, particularly at Gourmet Garden and Franks RedHot in Australia. Turning to Slide 8, our sales performance in Flavor Solutions returned to grow in the fourth quarter. For the constant currency sales increase of 3% in all three regions contributed to the sales growth in both our Americas and EMEA region, we experienced increased demand from our consumer packaged food customers or at-home customer base, with strength in the base business as well as momentum with new products. Also in both regions, we experienced demand declines and our away-from-home customer base for branded food service and restaurant customers. The net impact of this demand volatility along with pricing actions to cover cost increases drove EMEA fourth quarter constant currency sales growth of 5% and in the Americas, which is more skewed to branded food service growth of 2%. In the Asia Pacific region, our constant currency sales grew 7% driven by Australia and Chinas growth with quick service restaurant or QSR customers. But we continue to see momentum and limited time offers as a core business, partially driven by the customers promotional activities. Moving from our fourth quarter results, Im pleased to share our full fiscal year accomplishments, which not only highlight what weve achieved during 2020, but fuel our confidence to drive another year of strong operating performance in 2021. Starting with our 2020 financial results as seen on Slide 9, we drove 5% constant currency sales growth with 10% growth in our Consumer segment led by consumers cooking and eating more at home, partially offsetting this growth was at 2% constant currency sales decline in the Flavor Solutions segment. COVID-19 restrictions in most markets, as well as consumer reluctance to dine out reduced demand from restaurants and other food service customers. We achieved $113 million of annual cost savings driven by our CCI program, our fuel for growth and there continues to be a long runway in 2021 and beyond to deliver additional cost savings. 2020 was the ninth consecutive year of record cash flow from operations, ending the year at over $1 billion, the 10% increase from last year. Were making great progress with our working capital improvements. At year-end, our Board of Directors announced a 10% increase in the quarterly dividend marking our 35th consecutive year of dividend increases. We have paid dividends every year since 1925 and are proud to be a dividend aristocrat. Now, Id like to comment on some of our 2020 achievements beyond our financial performance. E-commerce growth accelerated significantly at 2020, which we were well-prepared for from our past investments and investments we activated early in the year. Our 2020 growth of 136% was outstanding with triple-digit growth in all categories, including pure-play, click and collect and our own direct-to-consumer properties. We expect the consumer shift increased online shopping to continue, and we are well positioned for the opportunities still ahead. We continue to build long-term brand equity through our brand marketing investments, increasing of 7% in fiscal 2020, most recently with a double-digit increase in the fourth quarter, across all regions, which will continue to drive strong growth momentum into 2021. We designed targeted media messaging focused on cooking at home and connecting with consumers digitally more than ever in 2020. Our digital leadership was again, recognized as we were ranked as the number one food brand with the highest designation of Genius by Gartner L2 Research and their digital IQ U.S. ranking. This is the seventh year in a row, we were ranked in the top five food and beverage brands. We continue to be recognized for our efforts for doing whats right for people, communities and the planet. In 2020, we were recognized for the fourth consecutive year as a DiversityIncs Top 50 companies. And earlier this week, Corporate Knights ranked McCormick in their 2021 Global 100 Most Sustainable Corporations Index as number one in the food products industry for the fifth consecutive year, as well as the number one U.S. company overall and globally, number six overall. Finally, during the year, we continue to invest to expand our global infrastructure. In the Americas, we broke ground on a new state-of-the-art Northeast Distribution Center in Maryland, which will optimize their distribution network. In our EMEA region, we began construction on a new Flavor Solutions manufacturing facility in the UK to support the region strong and growing customer base. In China, we were investing in flavor capabilities to further drive Flavor Solutions growth. these investments will create both capacity and capability, which will further drive our growth momentum. Turning to 2021. Mike will go over our guidance in a few moments, but Id like to comment on a recent acquisition announcement and provide highlights related to our growth momentum in 2021 plans. Starting on Slide 11, an addition to the accomplishments I just mentioned, we have reinforced our global flavor leadership and accelerated our condiment and flavors growth platforms. Theres the recent acquisitions of Cholula and FONA. Cholula, an iconic brand in a high growth category, is a leading Mexican hot sauce and highly complements our existing hot sauce portfolio, broadening our flavor offerings to consumers and food service operators. FONA, a leading North American manufacturer of flavors and presets the scale of our global flavors platform with the addition of its highly complementary portfolio to our Flavor Solutions segment, expanding our breadth and accelerating our portfolio migration more value added and technically insulated products. Were excited about the 2021 growth contributions we expect from Cholula and FONA, which closed at the end of November and December respectively. For both acquisitions, our transition and integration activities are progressing according to our plans and the alignment of our organizations is underway to deliver on opportunities quickly and to aggressively drive growth. We have a proven playbook and unmatched expertise to effectively and efficiently unlock Cholulas significant growth potential. In our Consumer segment, we will leverage our operational expertise and infrastructure to elevate Cholulas brand presence, increase the availability of its product and expand its product offerings into new flavors, formats, and eating a cadence to drive trial and household penetration. Building our enthusiasm is an outstanding momentum Cholula carried into 2021, continuing to outpace category growth with strong consumption. In our Flavor Solutions segment with our broad presence across all food service channels, well be focusing on strengthening Cholulas go-to-market model. There are opportunities to expand a little as distribution and its existing food service channels, as well as increased new restaurant penetration, which we are uniquely positioned to realize and drive growth. McCormicks reach across customers combined with our culinary foundation and deep insights on menu trends expands to the recipe inspiration and Flavor Solutions that we offer operators. Turning to FONA, which in addition to accelerating our portfolio migration will be the cornerstone for accelerating our Americas flavor platform. By expanding our breadth and depth and developing flavors, while also combining our infrastructures to provide greater scale and increase our manufacturing capacity and technical bench strength. Were providing our customers with a more comprehensive product offering, bolstering our competitive position and creating more opportunities for growth. With the addition of FONA, were advancing our health and wellness portfolio. were expanding our research and development capabilities and technology platform with additional proprietary encapsulation methods. Were putting expertise in favoring health and performance nutrition products across a variety of applications. Our clean and natural platform is meaningfully enhanced with the addition of FONAs predominantly natural portfolio, as well as their expertise, particularly in citrus fruit flavors. Combination of our technology platform and capabilities will provide a long runway for growth, enabling us to remain at the forefront of flavor development and expand our ability to create better for you, and consumer-preferred flavor solutions across a diverse range of applications for our customers. Our complimentary customer basis of global and mid-tier customers provides growth opportunities for our collective portfolios. FONAs customer centric culture is very similar to ours and with the combined power of our organizations; were well positioned to reach a broader customer base deepening existing customer relationships by cross-selling and establish inroads with new customers while driving innovation. Customer response to the acquisition has been favorable as they recognize our combined power increases our customer value proposition. Were confident well deliver on our acquisition plan. This confidence is bolstered by our proven track record of successfully integrating and increasing the performance acquired businesses such as our acquisition of Franks and Frenchs. Acquisitions are a key part of our long-term growth strategy in both Cholula and FONA will add to our strong history of creating value through acquisition. Now, Id like to briefly comment on the conditions were seeing in our markets, their potential impact and our 2021 organic growth plans starting on Slide 14. Global demand for flavor remains the foundation for our sales growth. were capitalizing on the growing consumer interest in healthy flavorful cooking, trusted brands, as well as digital engagement and purpose-minded practices. These long-term trends have only accelerated during the pandemic. Our alignment with these consumer trends combined with the breadth and reach of our portfolio sustainably positions us for a continued growth. These underlying trends, current market conditions, and a robust 2021 plan position us well to successfully execute on our growth strategies in both segments. Starting with our Consumer segment. Around the world, we continue to experience sustained elevated consumer demand, which has real incremental consumption and reflects the trend of consumers cooking more at home. Across our APZ region, consumer demand continues to be strong. In China, consumer consumption remains strong, and we continue to see recovery in food service, which in China is in our Consumer segment. As well as optimism about the Chinese New Year Holiday, which was significantly disrupted last year by the COVID-19-related lockdown. And in Australia, either with restaurant restrictions eased and away-from-home demand increasing, at-home consumption has remained elevated. In EMEA, many of our largest markets have recently implemented more restrictive COVID-19 measures, further fueling at-home consumption and were seeing sustained levels of demand. And of course, we see the same as in the Americas. Consumers cooking more from scratch and adding flavor to their meal occasions is a key long-term trend, which has accelerated during the pandemic. Our proprietary consumer survey data supported by external research indicates consumers are enjoying the cooking experience and feel meals prepared at home are safer, healthier, better tasting and cost less. And while there has been great advances in vaccine development and distribution, theres a significant amount of uncertainty regarding the pace of vaccination in the upcoming months. We believe the consumer behavior and sentiment driving an increased and sustained preference for cooking at home, will continue globally and will persist beyond the pandemic further driving consumer demand for our products, fueled by robust marketing, differentiated new product and our strong category management initiatives. Our categories across the globe experienced the sustained elevated level of demand for most of 2020, because of this shift in consumer preference, which coupled with added employee safety measures that initially reduced manufacturing capacity deplete its finished goods inventory levels, both for us and our customers and challenged our operations. The real pressure has been on our U.S. manufacturing operations, where the latter part of 2020, we added significant capacity. We ended the calendar year with considerable incremental capacity through the expansion of our workforce, scaling up partnerships with third-party manufacturers and other measures in line with our previously shared plan. In December, our Americas consumer production output was approximately 40% higher than last year. Currently, service levels are improving and the restoration plants have begun on most of the secondary items, which were suspended in order to meet the significant demand for our top selling product. Weve now resumed shipping approximately two thirds of the products, which had been suspended, but the balance to be added over the next several weeks. And we expect shelf conditions to improve considerably over the next few weeks. Were continuing to work through a stabilization period and inventory replenishment will progress through the first half of the year. Our category management initiatives are designed to drive growth for both of our  both our customers and McCormick. Now, Id like to thank our customers for their partnerships and working together with us on long-term solutions. Were confident were well positioned for success in 2021 and have implemented the efficient long-term solutions, and strengthened our supply chain resiliency longer-term to support continued growth. Also in the U.S., in 2020, we began our initiative to reinvent the in-store experience for spices and seasonings consumers by introducing new merchandising elements, to improve navigation and drive inspiration. Our rollout will continue in 2021 and with increased cooking at home expected to continue, this initiative is even more exciting to drive both category and McCormick branded growth. Turning to global brand marketing. We continue to increase our investments across our entire portfolio, which have proven effective and achieved high ROI. We will continue to connect with consumers online, turning real-time insights into action by targeting messaging focused on providing information and inspiration. For instance, with tips, tricks, new recipes and products, keep the meals exciting and cooking easy. We expect our brand marketing investments combined with our valuable brand equities and strong digital consumer engagement will continue to drive growth with existing consumers and the millions of consumers gained in 2020. New products are also integral to our sales growth. In 2020, 7% of our total McCormick sales were from products launched in the last three years. In our Consumer segment, new product innovation differentiates our brands and strengthens our relevance with consumer. Our 2020 launches provide significant momentum going forward with exceptional trial. Overall, the selling of our new product launches and big-bet innovation from our Flavor Solutions customers, slowed in 2020 due to the focus on keeping core items on the retail shelf. Moving into 2021. Were excited about the strong pipeline, both we and our Flavor Solutions customers are carrying into the year. In our Flavor Solutions segment, we have a diverse customer base and Ive seen various stages of recovery from a food at home perspective our Flavor Solutions growth varies by packaged food customer. But overall, as we mentioned, last quarter, weve returned to pre-COVID growth rates. Were carrying our growth momentum, packaged food customers into 2021, driven by strength and their core iconic product, as well as new products and bigger bet innovations in 2021. In our away-from-home portion of this segment, our restaurant and other food service customers are still impacted by government imposed COVID-19 restrictions in those markets. Some areas, our restaurant customers, including quick service restaurants have been faced with an increase in restrictions due to case resurgences. Although the impact has not been as significant as of the beginning of the crisis, given many customers have adapted their operating models for delivery carried out. The recovery of our branded food service customers continues to be slow and is also impacted by COVID-19 resurgences. Overall, there is significant disruption experience in 2020. Recovery has begun and were expecting it to continue in 2021. As QSR customers are oriented less to dine in, their recovery will be at a faster pace than the rest of the restaurant and food service industry. We had positive fundamentals in place to navigate through this period and are excited about the recovery momentum. We were advantaged by our differentiated customer engagement and Flavor Solutions, and plan on driving further wins for both us and our customers in fiscal 2021. With our customer intimacy approach, we will continue to drive new product wins, collaborate on opportunities and solutions, manage through recovery plans and importantly, further strengthen our customer partnerships. Additionally, the execution of our strategy to migrate our portfolio to more technically insulated and value-added categories, well continue in 2021. With top-line opportunities gained from our investments to expand our flavor scale or momentum in flavor categories, as well as the opportunities from our FONA acquisition, we expect to realize further results from this strategy. In summary, we continue to capture the momentum we have gained in our Consumer segment at positive fundamentals in place to navigate through the Flavor Solutions recovery, and are excited about our Cholula and FONA acquisitions. All of which bolster our confidence for continued growth in 2021. We expect sales growth to vary by region and quarter in 2021, given 2020s level of demand volatility and the pace of COVID-19 recovery. But importantly, we expect we will drive overall organic sales growth in both of our segments. Our fundamentals momentum and growth outlook are stronger than ever. Our achievements in 2020, our effective strategies, our robust operating momentum, reinforce our confidence and delivering another strong year of growth and performance in 2021. Following an extraordinary year in 2020, our 2021 outlook reflects both our strong underlying based business performance and acquisitions, driving significant sales growth as well as strong operating income growth, even considering extraordinary COVID-19 costs and our business transformation investments, which highlights our focus on profit realization. Our top tier long-term growth objectives remain unchanged and were positioned for continued success. Importantly, McCormick employees around the world drive our momentum and success. During 2020, our employees demonstrated and advanced their skills, agility and resiliency during a highly challenging time. Now, Id like to thank them for their dedicated efforts and engagement, as well as adapted to this new environment. Now, Mike will share additional remarks on our 2020 financial results and 2021 guidance.
Mike Smith: Thanks, Lawrence, and good morning, everyone. I will now provide some additional comments on our fourth quarter performance and full-year results as well as detailed on our 2021 outlook. Starting on Slide 19, during the fourth quarter, sales rose 4% in constant currency. Sales growth was driven by higher volume and mix in our Consumer segment with volume index in our Flavor Solutions segment comparable to last year, pricing to partially offset cost inflation also contributed favorably to both segments. The Consumer segment sales grew 5% in constant currency, led by the Americas and EMEA regions. The sustained shift to at-home consumption and cooking more at home as well as consumers adding flavor at home to their restaurant carryout and delivery meals continues to drive increased demand for our consumer products, resulting in higher volume and mix in these regions. On Slide 20, consumer segment sales in the Americas increased 6% in constant currency versus the fourth quarter of 2019, driven by higher volume and product mix across many brands, including Simply Asia, Thai Kitchen, Frank's RedHot, Frenchs, Lawry's, Zatarain's, Gourmet Garden and Stubb's to name a few. Partially offsetting these increases with volume declines in McCormick branded spices and seasonings, and recipe mixes as well as private label products due to capacity constraints. In EMEA, constant currency consumer sales grew 10% from a year ago with strong growth in all countries across the region. The most significant volume and mix growth drivers for our Schwartz and Ducros branded spices and seasonings, our Vahine homemade dessert products and our Kamis branded products in Poland. Consumer sales in the Asia Pacific region declined to 10% in constant currency, driven by the lower branded food service sales, and a shift to a later Chinese New Year as Lawrence mentioned. Turning to our Flavor Solutions segment on Slide 23, we grew fourth quarter constant currency sales, 3% with growth in all three regions. In the Americas, Flavor Solutions constant currency sales grew 2% driven by pricing to cover costs increases, also partially by lower volume and product mix. Volume and product mix declined due to a reduction in demand from branded food service and other restaurant customers. Partially offsetting this decline was higher demand from package group companies with particular strength in snacks seasoning. In EMEA, constant currency sales increased 5% attributable to pricing to cover cost increases as well as higher volume and product mix. Volume and product mix increase driven by sales growth with packaged food company with strengthened snack seasonings partially offset by lower sales to branded food service and other restaurant customers. In the Asia Pacific region, Flavor Solutions sales rose 7% in constant currency, driven by higher sales to QSRs in China and Australia, partially due to our customers limited time offers and promotional activities. As seen on Slide 27, adjusted operating income, which excludes transaction costs related to the Cholula and FONA acquisitions, and special charges, declined 4% in the fourth quarter versus the year-ago period, with minimal impact from currency. Adjusted operating income declined in the Consumer segment by 2% to $221 million or in constant currency, 3%. In the Flavor Solutions segment, adjusted operating income declined 9% to $70 million or 8% in constant currency. Growth from higher sales and CCI-led cost savings were more than offset in both segments by several drivers. In the Consumer segment, an 18% increase in brand marketing from the fourth quarter of last year, unfavorably impacted adjusted operating income growth and in the Flavor Solutions segment, unfavorable product mix due to the decline of branded food service sales contributed to its adjusted operating income decline. Both segments were also unfavorably impacted by COVID-19 related costs and higher employee benefit expenses, including incentive compensation. As seen on Slide 28, gross profit margin in the fourth quarter was comparable to the year-ago period as we have planned. Adjusted operating margin declined 180 basis points compared to the fourth quarter of last year, driven by the net impact of the factors I mentioned a moment ago, as well as higher distribution and transportation costs. For the fiscal year, gross margin expanded 100 basis points driven by CCI-led cost savings and favorable product mix, resulting from the sales shift between segments, which more than offset COVID-19 related costs. Adjusted operating income increased 5% in constant currency and adjusted operating margin was comparable to last year. The Consumer segment grew adjusted operating income 16% at constant currency, primarily due to higher sales and CCI-led cost savings, partially offset by 7% increase in brand marketing, higher incentive compensation expense, and COVID-19 related costs. In constant currency, the Flavor Solutions segment adjusted operating income declined 20%, driven by lower sales, unfavorable product mix and manufacturing costs, COVID-19 related costs and higher incentive compensation expense with a partial offset from CCI-led cost savings. Turning to income taxes on Slide 29, our fourth quarter adjusted effective tax rate of 22.9% compared to 24.7% in the year-ago period was favorably impacted by discrete items. For the full year, our adjusted tax rate was 19.9% as compared to 19.5% in 2019. Income from unconsolidated operations declined 9% in the fourth quarter of 2020 and the full year was comparable to 2019. At the bottom line, as shown on Slide 31, fourth quarter 2020 adjusted earnings per share was $0.79 as compared to $0.81 for the year-ago period. The decline was primarily driven by our lower adjusted operating income, partially offset by the lower interest expense and a lower adjusted income tax rate. For the year, our 5% constant currency increase in adjusted operating income combined with a lower interest expense drove a 6% increase in adjusted earnings per share to $2.83 for fiscal 2020, including the impact of unfavorable currency exchange rates versus last year. On Slide 32, we summarized highlights for cash flow and the year-end balance sheet. Our cash flow from operations ended the year at a record high of more than $1 billion. A 10% increase compared to $947 million in 2019, primarily driven by higher net income. We finished the fiscal year with our cash conversion cycle down 9% versus our 2019 fiscal year end as we continue to execute against programs to achieve working capital reductions. Weve returned $330 million of this cash to our shareholders through dividends and we are very pleased that we fully paid off the term loans related to the acquisition of the Franks RedHot and Frenchs brands. Following the acquisitions of Cholula and FONA, we have a pre-synergy pro forma net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio of approximately 3.9 times and we expect to delever to approximately three times by the end of fiscal 2022. Based on our demonstrated track record of debt pay down and our anticipated strong cash flow generation, we are confident that we will deliver on our plan. Our capital expenditures were $225 million in 2020 and included growth investments and optimization projects across the globe, including our ERP business transformation investment, and beginning of supply chain global infrastructure investments that Lawrence mentioned earlier. In 2021, we expect our capital expenditures to be higher than 2020 as we continue to spend all the initiatives we have in progress, as well as support our investments to fuel future growth. We expect 2021 to be another year of strong cash flow driven by profit and working capital initiatives. And our priority is to continue to have a balanced use of cash, funding investments to drive growth, returning a significant portion to our shareholders through dividends to paying down debt. Now, I would like to discuss our 2021 financial outlook on Slides 33 and 34 with a brief update on our ERP replacement program first. Starting with our ERP replacement program, we remain committed to this business transformation initiative and have recently completed our rephasing of the program. We are now projecting the total cost of our ERP investment to range between $350 million to $400 million from 2019 through the anticipated completion of our global rollout in fiscal 2023 with an estimated split of 50% capital spending and 50% of operating expenses. As such, the total operating expense impacts for the program to be incurred from 2019 through 2023 is estimated to be between $175 million and $200 million, slightly lower than our previous estimates. In fiscal 2021, we are projecting our total operating expense to be approximately $50 million, which is an incremental $30 million over fiscal 2020. And at this time, we are not anticipating any significant go lives in 2021. By the end of 2021, we will spend approximately $90 million of the total program operating expense. We are excited to continue moving forward with this some investment to enable us to further transform our ways of working and realize the benefits of a scalable growth platform. Moving to our 2021 outlook with our broad and advantage flavor portfolio, our robust operating momentum and effective growth strategies, we are well positioned for another year of differentiated growth and performance. In our 2021 outlook, we are projecting top line and earnings growth from our strong base business and acquisition contribution, which with earnings growth, partially offset by the incremental COVID-19 costs and the ERP investment, as well as the projected effective tax rate. We also expect that there will be an estimated two percentage point favorable impact of currency rates on sales, adjusted operating income and adjusted earnings per share. At the top line, we expect to grow the constant currency sales 5% to 7%, including the incremental impact of the Cholula and FONA acquisition, which is projected to be in the range of 3.5% to 4%. We anticipate our organic growth will be primarily led by higher volume and product mix driven by our category management, brand marketing, new products and customer engagement growth plans. As Lawrence mentioned earlier, we expect sales growth to vary by region and quarter in 2021, given 2020s level of demand volatility and the pace of the COVID-19 recovery. But importantly, we expect we will drive overall organic sales growth in both of our segments. Our 2021 adjusted gross profit margin is projected to be comparable to 25 basis points higher than 2020, which reflects margin accretion from the Cholula and FONA acquisitions, as well as unfavorable sales mix between segments and COVID-19 costs. We estimate COVID-19 costs to be approximately $60 million in 2021, thats compared to $50 million in 2020 and weighted to the first half of the year. Fiscal 2021s COVID-19 costs are largely driven by third-party manufacturing costs, and of course, could vary based on demand fluctuations. Our adjusted operating income growth rate reflects expected strong underlying performance from our base business and acquisitions, which is projected to be 10% to 12% constant currency growth, partially offset by a 1% reduction from increased COVID-19 costs and a 3% reduction from the estimated incremental ERP investment. This results in a total projected adjusted operating income growth rate of 6% to 8% in constant currency. This projection includes low single-digit inflationary pressure and our CCI-led cost savings target of approximately $110 million. It also includes an estimated low single-digit increase in brand marketing investments, which will be heavier in the first half of the year. Our 2021 adjusted effective income tax rate is projected to be approximately 23% based upon our estimated mix of earnings by geography as well as factoring in a low level of discrete impacts. This outlook versus our 2020 adjusted effective tax rate is expected to be a headwind to our 2021 adjusted earnings per share growth of approximately 4%. Our 2021 adjusted earnings per share expectations reflect strong base business and acquisition performance growth of 9% to 11% in constant currency, partially offset by the impact that I just mentioned related to COVID-19 costs or incremental ERP investment and the tax headwinds. This results in an increase of 3% to 5% or 1% to 3% in constant currency. Our guidance range for adjusted earnings per share in 2021 is $2.91 to $2.96 compared to $2.83 of adjusted earnings per share in 2020. Based on the expected timing of some expense items, such as COVID-19 costs and brand marketing investments, as well as the low tax rate in the first quarter of last year, we expect our earnings growth to be weighted to the second half of the year. We have a strong start to the year, but recognized we are lapping in a very strong second quarter of 2020. In summary, we are projecting a strong underlying base business performance and growth from acquisitions in our 2021 outlook with earnings growth partially offset by incremental COVID-19 costs in the ERP investment, as well as a higher projected effective tax rate. Id like to now turn it back to Lawrence for some additional remarks before we move to your questions.
Lawrence Kurzius: Thank you, Mike. As Mike has shared our financial results and outlook in more detail, I would like to recap the key takeaways as seen on Slide 35. We delivered strong results in 2020, despite great disruption proving the strength of our business model, the value of our product and our capabilities as a company, as well as the successful execution of our strategies. We have a strong foundation. Were confident in the sustainability of at-home consumption, ends with the investments weve made to strengthen our supply chain resiliency, we are even better positioned to capitalize on accelerating consumer trends. Were excited about the recent acquisitions of Cholula and FONA, which reinforce our global flavor leadership and accelerate our condiments flavors growth platform. Were confident these investments further position us for continued success. Our fundamentals, momentum and growth outlook are stronger than ever. Our 2021 outlook reflect another year of differentiated growth and performance while also making investments for the future. Were confident we will emerge stronger from these uncertain times. Now, lets turn to your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Please proceed with your questions.
Andrew Lazar: Good morning, everybody. Thanks for the question.
Lawrence Kurzius: Hey, good morning, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar: Hi there, Lawrence. Thank you for the additional color in consumer, Americas around some of the capacity and service level dynamics that you were facing over the last couple of months or quarters. I guess, first off, Im curious if those dynamics are in such a place now, where we should expect sort of shipments to start to outpace consumption, sort of in 1Q and 2Q, or if you expect still maybe, somewhat of a lag effect, because youre still building the capacity and the service levels to where you want them to be. because Im trying to just dimensionalize that sort of first quarter aspect. But more importantly, how to dimensionalize maybe, how big of a benefit to 2001 organic growth, just a rebuilding of inventory levels to the extent that needs to happen can be to organic growth? Im going to just have a quick follow-up. Thank you.
Lawrence Kurzius: Sure. Well, Andrew, weve been ramping up production as weve gone through the fourth quarter  certainly, through the third and fourth quarter as we talked about on previous calls and anybody that walks into the store can see that the shelves are pretty poor condition. There are a lot of holes in the shelf, particularly in spices and seasonings. The recipe mix is that, reflects the fact that weve had our secondary skews on suspension to protect the key holiday items and its really been those two categories that had the greatest impact that our other product categories have had a pretty good service through the third and fourth quarter and into this year. So thats been our focus area. We have, starting at the beginning of January, begun reinstating those secondary items. And so they are coming back on, as we said in our prepared remarks about two thirds of them, have been reinstated and remainder coming in the coming weeks. So, I think well see the shelves starting to get a lot better gradually over the next over the next few weeks. we still are allocating products. Theres a big bow wave of demand ahead of us as our customers want to rebuild their inventory. And frankly, everyone forgets about consumer pantries, being a bit fair during this time as well. So, we do expect there to be a benefit to this fiscal year and that were really thinking about it in terms of the first half in terms of the rebuild of tumor inventory. I also want to emphasize that this is an Americas problem. Our manufacturing has really been able to keep up with the demand in the rest of the world. Just the scale of our consumer business and the Americas is so great. Particularly, in the fourth quarter of the year, even in normal circumstances, we have to pre-build inventory to supply that a huge demand that comes through in those categories in the fourth quarter of the year; and coming into the fourth quarter, very much hand to mouth already due to the sustained demand. Thats why we were signaling that we were going to have surface issues through the fourth quarter. We knew that to be the case. as well say, just commenting on current conditions and I dont want to get too much into 2021, were almost two thirds of the way through our first quarter and the service levels that we are shipping to our customers while were always still allocating products. Its the best service that weve had since the spring.
Andrew Lazar: Got it. Thank you for that. And then a super quick follow-up, I found your comments very interesting around the trends youre seeing in Australia, as restrictions ease, consumption of at-home items still remains elevated at this point. And some other companies have said similar things. Ive also heard similar things be discussed around China for some companies as well, various restrictions of ease and I may have missed it. Are you seeing that same dynamic in your China business as well?
Mike Smith: Yes, we are, but its not quite as clean in China. Because in China, they factually reinstated some restrictions, thats not the same as it was a year ago, where there was a government lockdown. but the government is encouraging people not to travel, is encouraging people to celebrate Chinese New Year at home. Generally, in China when the government gives encouragement to do something to do it. And so I think that right now, for Chinese New Year, Im not sure we can draw a lot of conclusions around the consumer behavior. Its not quite as clean as in Australia, where COVID seems to be under control, restrictions have been lifted, and consumers are still making the choice without that government encouragement to continue to cook at home. In 2021, Chinese New Year is  later in the first quarter, so it will  after that have done, well have a better read on it. Yeah, I think so.
Lawrence Kurzius: Andrew, there are a couple of other companies Ive commented on it and Ill just say it again. Our consumer research, both the syndicated information that we get in our own proprietary research says consumers are enjoying cooking more at home. Three out of four consumers say it relaxes them and reduces their stress, fully up poorer consumers say they actually tend to cook more at home after the pandemic, then they are even now and with the added uncertainty around the vaccine timing and the take-up of the vaccine and do a variance emerging, I think that theres a lot of reasonably consumptions going to be elevated this year, at least for quite some time.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your questions.
Ken Goldman: Hi, thanks so much.
Lawrence Kurzius: Hey, Ken.
Ken Goldman: I wanted to ask  hey everybody. I think youve mentioned when you talked about the sales drivers  organic sales drivers for 2021, I think you mentioned volume and product mix, unless I missed it, I didnt think I heard pricing. So, Im curious, do you expect pricing to play any major role in your growth this year and as a corollary to that, how might you maybe, describe the willingness of your customers to kind of accept quite sites at this time?
Lawrence Kurzius: Sure. Well, Ken, first of all, pricing is an ongoing discussion with customers. I dont want to get too specific about pricing actions that havent been taken, because of customer and competitive reasons on the end. And so our comments on that are pretty limited right now. Ill remind everybody on the call that 40% of our sales are the Flavor Solutions segment, and a great portion of that is based on a contractual relationship for this, a pass-through of pricing. I dont think we have the same pressure on pricing as maybe, some other companies. Our outlook is for low single-digit inflation. We have a unique basket of commodities and input costs that are not an exact match to inflation or an exact match to our peers. We do use CCI as well. We are seeing cost inflations, freight is up, ocean freight in particular, is an emerging  current and emerging concern, but really, not prepared to talk about make too many specific comments about pricing right now. We do have some wrap from 2020 pricing actions and where we need to take pricing in 2021, were confident we can take it.
Ken Goldman: Thank you for that. And then for my follow-up, youre balancing a lot of things right now that some might consider outside, what might be the normal course of business, right? Youre undertaking an ERP implementation, or at least youre starting to write, youre integrating two acquisitions, youre navigating through COVID. So, can you just help us think about how you and your team are maybe, balancing some of the balls in the air right now, or keeping them in the air and how you sort of allocate your time, your  to the day-to-day blocking and tackling of just selling core products. Theres a lot sort of going on right now with the company.
Lawrence Kurzius: Well Ken, there is a lot going on, but I think that we can handle it. We have a strong ambition to grow. Weve been choiceful about priorities. And so we suspended our business transformation in ERP activity last year in order to make sure that we could focus on dealing with the crisis and keeping people safe for quality and do all the right things for business continuity, and come out stronger, but that was a pause, not a suspension. We paused our activity and we think weve got the resources to ramp it back up. even during that pause, we spent some time re-scoping the aligning partners and weve actually come out of it with a stronger program and got a lot of data cleansing done that the folks, whove been through this before know thats always an issue. And so we feel pretty good about our ability to handle that  handle the recovery of our business. And we really are actually quite thrilled about the two acquisitions that we made. Weve added a great asset in each one of our segments. We think that this has been a great capital allocation decision and the integration of these are pretty straight forward, I think. Mike, do you want to comment on that?
Mike Smith: Yes. I mean, the integration is growing very well. I mean, the Cholula obviously is more of a plug and play. Its a lot of co-pack like we said. so thats a pretty straightforward one and FONA has a great business and as I said before, its discrete teams focusing on them and helping integrate into our business. So, its not taking away from the base focus we need on the core business, if thats kind of where youre going at.
Ken Goldman: Yes. I was just curious, but thats a helpful answer. Thank you, gentlemen.
Lawrence Kurzius: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard with Bernstein. Please proceed with your question.
Alexia Howard: Good morning, everyone.
Lawrence Kurzius: Good morning, Alexia.
Alexia Howard: Hi, there. So, my first question actually goes to e-commerce. I just wonder where you ended up for fiscal 2020 in terms of e-commerce as a percent of sales and has that slowed down at all in the later part of the year, Im just wondering what the prognosis is in terms of growth on that side.
Lawrence Kurzius: Well, weve had tremendous growth in e-commerce. As we went through the year, weve talked about this a couple of times and then told as everybody else and I know our own experiences anecdotally, are that many of us that shop on the e-commerce. if you take all three legs of e-commerce, as we think about it, CTC, pure-play and our click and collect type customer brick and mortar efforts, all of that was up well over 100% percent on a global scale. And while we dont actually disclose the total percentage of our business, that is from e-commerce. On the consumer side, its less than 10%, but its up substantially from past years and continuing a long trend of shift by consumers to shopping with e-commerce.
Alexia Howard: Right. And as my follow-up, as Ken mentioned, theres an awful lot of uncertainty out there. Were still living through these unprecedented times. If you think about your outlook for 2021, what do you think the biggest uncertainties off maybe, positively and negatively in terms of the risks in either direction? Thank you and Ill pass it on.
Lawrence Kurzius: Well, I think the biggest uncertainty is, I mean, its also the most obvious one, is the pace of recovery from the pandemic and durability of the consumer coming out of it. And the  and really, its more of the recovery of the food service side that we wonder about then the  whether consumers are going to continue to cook at home. I think theres  I think that theres a pretty broad range of possible outcomes with, again, vaccine take up two variants that might come up. So, those are some pretty  Id say, thats the biggest uncertainty factor out there. Well say, were managing through this now on a much more, Id say, managed and operational basis rather than in a crisis mode. So, I think were very well prepared for the possible outcomes in the market. Do you want to add anything, Mike?
Mike Smith: I mean, were prepared for any environment. We have broadened diversified portfolio, just like we showed last year to have that kind of sales growth and performance. We can manage any environment. And I think theres two bars as point as we think theres consumers trends will be sticky although people will go out more to eat as the vaccine becomes more global, but we think weve created some habits that markets go away.
Alexia Howard: Wonderful. Thank you, Ill pass it on.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. please proceed with your questions.
Robert Moskow: Hi, thanks. Good morning.
Lawrence Kurzius: Hey, good morning, Robert.
Robert Moskow: Good morning. I wanted to know about the guidance for the first half of the year. I think you said the earnings growth is going to be back half weighted. but when I look at the first quarter coming up, you seem to have a very easy comparison to a year ago in the core operations, which were down in sales and down in EBIT. I think I and others have a pretty outsized first quarter expectation fundamentally, because of inventory reloading and I guess improving performance in Flavor Solutions as well. So, can you help us think about first quarter a little bit too, you mentioned the tax rate, but other than that, is it actually going to be a strong start in first quarter?
Mike Smith: Hey, Rob. Its Mike, Ill take that one. I mean, its a great point. I mean, we did highlight the first half, second half story. within the first half, there are two stories also; obviously, its an easy comparison, especially from a consumer perspective in the first quarter. I think were off to a strong start this year, as you would suspect, as you can see in some of the consumption data in the U.S. primarily. We also know were laughing a really strong second quarter. and I think its something as you look at your modeling, you want to adjust to those that assumption. tax rate, we know is a really tough comparison in the first quarter compared to last year, which weve highlighted, but in the first half, as weve talked about, were going to have COVID costs, it will be across both quarters, primarily in the first half significant investment in A&P as we drive our brands, as we recover really in the first quarter or two, but in the second quarter also. But yes, and also for the second half, as you think about it, our COVID costs are high in the first half. But we began to get them out of the business in the second half or as a year ago thats when we were really ramping up on things that were expensive relative to COVID. And so, well have the unwinding of that as a bit of a tailwind in the second half of the year as well.
Mike Smith: And youll see things like ERP costs built throughout the year. So it would be, again, first half, second half could it be kind of more weighted to the second half.
Robert Moskow: Okay. And a follow-up I was surprised to see Flavor Solutions positive in fourth quarter. And you mentioned its really driven by CPG. Is there a way to breakout, how much growth youre seeing in CPG right now, and how much of a decline youre seeing in the other half of the Flavor Solutions business, which is more food service oriented. And would you expect that relationship to continue in 2021?
Mike Smith: Yes, I think, Ill answer that one, Lawrence can add in there. I mean, were seeing  were not going to give you percentages, because it really varies by region based on the split of our package versus restaurant. But in the Americas, weve seen very strong CPG performance, mid-to-high single-digits offset by similar ranges on the branded food service on the restaurant side. But its the mix of the business in regions, which give you that. But overall being positive, we were very thrilled with that. I know a lot of people were surprised by that even though consumer grew very strongly.
Lawrence Kurzius: If I were to point to one thing, or we were  maybe our sales performance for the fourth quarter was different than our expectations it would be in this area of Flavor Solutions, it was bit stronger across the board that we would have thought we gave that U.S. guidance.
Robert Moskow: Okay. All right, thanks.
Lawrence Kurzius: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is coming from the line of Faiza Alwy with Deustche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Faiza Alwy: Yes. Hi, good morning. So, first I just wanted to ask Lawrence, youd made a comment early on about the pricing disconnect that were seeing in Nielsen. So it just  I was wondering if you could expand a little bit on that, maybe clarify. And what Im really trying to get out is, I think Andrew had asked the question around the  if theres any quantification of what the inventory reload might be in the first half, that would be really helpful.
Lawrence Kurzius: Okay. Well, I think those are two different questions. But on pricing there are two things that are happening in Nielsen that are, that make up look like theres more pricing perhaps than there actually is. The first is that there has been a bit of a channel shift as weve gone through the crisis where Id say regular  Id say regular grocery has been stronger than other channels. And it tends to carry a higher price point as a result of that comes through as pricing inflation in the Nielsen data that is really a kind of artificial and that was one of the things that that was pointing to. And then the other is theres still a reduced level of promotional activity that is happening. And not just for us, but across the board that comes through as a focus of price increase in the Nielsen data. As far as the inventory build, weve not really quantified it, but it stands to reason that theres going to be a substantial catch-up on trade stock as we shipped to  weve shipped under consumption now for three quarters. And I think you can expect that we will as our American supply chain catches up that will  youll start to see shipping above consumption. That consumption is still very strong. I mentioned that, our production was up 40% in December for our U.S. consumer business. And then the market took all of that and theres still a blasted through, its  but we talk about inventories, if its not back room warehouse stock, its still, if its restocking the shelf itself that thats part of that. I think that thats going to be a gradual process as we go through the first half of the year.
Faiza Alwy: Okay. Understood. And then I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about how retailers are thinking about, youd mentioned shelf realignment last year, youd spend a significant amount of time talking about that at Cagney. And I know some of those efforts were paused. How should we think about the timing of that as we go into this year?
Lawrence Kurzius: Well, we do have a reinvention of the spice aisle and its an important category management program that is good  its a, win-win, its great for the customers, and its great for us. Although we didnt make as much progress on that last year as we wouldve hoped when we were talking about it at Cagney. We were able to impact a little over 5,000 stores last year. So, we did continue that that effort, even with the pandemic going on and we would expect to get a like number of stores again in 2021, which is really between those the two years is quite enough really moves the needle. And so were continuing with those efforts that we think are important. This has also been a chance to rethink the assortment in the in the category. And so weve taken a look, as part of this to reduces the number of items in the store for their section. But weve also looked at the assortment that we offer and we skew rationalize out a part of the early long tail of products that we have to  about 250 items in the herb, spice, seasoning and recipe mix category to simplify our sort as well.
Faiza Alwy: Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Adam Samuelsom with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Adam Samuelsom: Yes. Thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Lawrence Kurzius: Good morning, Adam.
Mike Smith: Good morning, Adam.
Adam Samuelsom: Good morning. I just want to maybe clarify a little bit at this point on a channel kind of inventory kind of restocking or getting your the shelfs restocked, not necessarily in the backward  inventories restock. at the segment level  or at the company level, youre guiding organic revenue growth about 1.5% to 3%, 3.5% a year, for the full year. Weve talked about kind of there being some unfavorable segment mix. So, presumably were going to have expectations of the consumer business being a little below that and Flavor Solutions above that baseline. And the consumer business does have a tailwind of on this restocking benefit. As you think about the first half, because youve been under shipping consumption. Now, I understand the consumption comps get exceedingly difficult as you get into March, April, May, but Im just trying to wrap my head around the idea that with some inventory, were thinking about image of our restock, were thinking about kind of flat to up 2% or so consumer growth. And Im trying to make sure I understand what the moving pieces within that.
Lawrence Kurzius: Well lets try to address each one of those points, but our expectation is for our Consumer segment to grow in 2021, that independent of the acquisition that we made, many of our categories have been in full supply through the whole crisis, all of this discussion about inventory stocking it GDPs [ph] is predominantly in herbs by the seasoning of recipe mixes, the growth is going to vary from quarter-to-quarter. I mean, were going to lap some extraordinary consumption. So, well consumption is still running strong for us, the most recent period is still 11.5% and that includes the fact that weve got all of those gaps on the shelf. And that is really strong and quite elevated. I compare it to over 50% consumption growth in Q2 and I believe the number 40 something that has already some of the numbers up at the tip of my fingers right now. In Q3 and so were in a lockdown, and those are some pretty tough comps in the consumer business for the Americas, and not exactly the same numbers, but comparable peaks coming across EMEA, so thats, going to be a bit of a headwind as we go pass those.
Mike Smith: I think we have talk about a lot of Flavor Solutions business being a little lumpy, because its based on customer demand and things like that consumer will be lumpy this year, because of the quarterly comparisons so much happened last year by quarter, that youre going to have to  were going to help you through that, but were giving broad guidance for the year, which makes it a little difficult because most of us have already forgotten 2020.
Adam Samuelsom: Okay. And then I have a quick follow-up just talked about low single-digit kind of raw material cost inflation. Maybe this is more for Mike, just maybe go through some of the key buckets in terms of theres freight packaging any specific pockets of on the actual raw materials that are leading more concerning from the inflationary side that we should be focused on that?
Mike Smith: Well, as far as financial [ph], we have a broad market after the things, which were very different than our peers. And you have the normal big volume items somewhere up and somewhere down. But nothing stands out particularly, I mean, we all know everyone in the industry is getting hit recently by ocean freight and other freight strength. Thats in  thats in our market basket. So, we say low single-digits, we dont break it out, but 70% of our costs are really its really raw material and packaging. So thats, but theres, theres nothing I would say that is crazy at this point.
Lawrence Kurzius: I think the bigger impact, frankly, is the incremental and extraordinary expenses for dealing with the COVID crisis that, right now running through our business that we expect to get out right as we get the second half.
Adam Samuelsom: Okay. So thats really helpful. Ill pass it on. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The final question is from the line of Peter Galbo with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Peter Galbo: Hey guys. Good morning. Thank you for taking the question.
Lawrence Kurzius: Hey, Peter.
Peter Galbo: Lawrence, maybe just to go back to Andrew Lazars question, around China, I guess maybe whats underappreciated is the idea that organic growth and consumer probably realize at least to some extent on China food service, making a pretty remarkable comeback. Weve heard about some retrenchment there recently, I think in your prepared remarks, you said as well, can you just maybe give us a look into how youre thinking about that recovery of your China food service customers for the balance of 2021 and then I have a follow-up.
Lawrence Kurzius: Well, Ill speak broadly about China. Im expecting that were going to have a very strong recovery in China. China had a very strong response to the COVID crisis with a very comprehensive lockdown. Consumers did not have a chance to shop, and so the results in China the first and second quarter last year were really depressed. And so I expect to see a very strong rebound from that as we lapse those numbers. And additionally, I think theres a little bit of a benefit from Chinese New Year being slept with later this year than last year, some of our Chinese New Year volumes that would normally ship at the end of our fiscal year actually is falling into fourth quarter. So thats going to be also adds a favorable comparison.
Peter Galbo: Got it. Now thats helpful. And Mike, maybe just
Lawrence Kurzius: For the last quarter...
Peter Galbo: Right. And Mike maybe just one cleanup, I dont know its been in your outlook there, if you would given on interest expense, but just anything that would be helpful.
Mike Smith: No, I mean, obviously you can calculate. We talked about our assumptions on the acquisitions for  in the models. So thats an incremental cost in 2021, and well get a natural decline in some other base parts of the portfolio is we aggressively pay down that last year.
Lawrence Kurzius: But overall interest is off obviously. And, Peter, its related to your question. We spent up on A&P in the fourth quarter and every region of the world, including in China to make sure that our consumer business was off to a strong start. The A&P is not test for immediate business performance but for long-term brand building and China was one of the markets that we invested additional A&P and in the fourth quarter of last year, that will help us get a good start on 2021.
Peter Galbo: Thanks very much guys.
Lawrence Kurzius: Great. Thanks. Thank you. I will now turn the floor over to Lawrence Kurzius for his closing remarks.
Lawrence Kurzius: Well, Id like to thank everyone for your questions and for participating on todays call. McCormick is differentiated by the breadth of reach of our balanced portfolio, which drives consistency in our performance during volatile times, I am incredibly proud of the way McCormick performed during 2020, we drove outstanding, underlying operating performance, storing unprecedented times. Ill prioritize in the safety and health of our employees and supporting the communities in which we operate. We expect to drive even further growth as we continue to execute on our long-term strategies, actively respond to changing consumer behavior and capitalize on new opportunities from our relative strength. Our investments provide a new foundation for growth, enhancing our agility and our relevance with consumers and customers, which positions as well for continued success and long-term shareholder value creation.
Kasey Jenkins: Thank you, Lawrence and thanks everyone for joining todays call. If you have any further questions regarding todays information, please feel free to contact me. This concludes this mornings call. Have a nice day.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-09-29 08:00:00) =====
Kasey Jenkins: Good morning. This is Kasey Jenkins, Vice President of McCormick Investor Relations. Thank you for joining today's Third Quarter Earnings Call. To accompany this call, we posted a set of slides at ir.mccormick.com. Currently, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following our remarks, we will begin a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] We'll begin with remarks from Lawrence Kurzius, Chairman, President, and CEO; and Mike Smith, Executive Vice President and CFO. During our remarks, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. These include information in constant currency, as well as adjusted operating income, adjusted income tax rate and adjusted earnings per share that exclude the impact of special charges, and for 2019 the net non-recurring benefit associated with the U.S. Tax Act. Reconciliations to the GAAP results are included in this morning's press release and slides. In our comments, certain percentages are rounded. Please refer to our presentation for complete information. In addition, as a reminder, today's presentation contains projections and other forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from those projected. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether because of new information, future events or other factors. It is important to note, these statements include expectations and assumptions which will be shared related to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. As seen on Slide 2, our forward-looking statement also provides information on risk factors including the impacts of COVID-19 that could affect our financial results. It is now my pleasure to turn the discussion over to Lawrence.
Lawrence Kurzius: Thank you, Kasey. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. The last few months have been an extraordinary period, and the COVID-19 situation continues to evolve daily. I'm incredibly proud the way McCormick performed in this unprecedented operating environment. Starting on Slide 4, let me highlight a few points on the current condition that we're seeing and their potential impacts. First, in our consumer segments around the world, we are experiencing strong sustained consumer demand, which has real incremental consumption and reflects the trend of consumers cooking more at home. In China, which is viewed as a leading indicator since their COVID-19 recovery is ahead of the rest of the world, the demand for food at home continues to be very strong. We see the same in Europe, and, of course, in the Americas. The significant shift to consumers eating more at home is persisting long enough that it has become a habit. Our proprietary consumer survey data supported by other research indicates a majority of consumers are cooking more from scratch, enjoying the cooking experience and adding flavor to their meal occasion. These new behaviors coupled with some consumer discomfort for dining out are driving an increased and sustained preference for cooking at home. We believe this will continue globally and thus further benefit our consumer segment. Turning to our flavor solutions segment, where we have a very diverse customer portfolio. We are seeing varying stages of recovery. Starting with the away from home portion of this segment, with our quick service restaurant customers or QSR, we are seeing strong signs of recovery. Their business models were already oriented to drive through or carry out, not dining in. In China QSR traffic has returned to near normal level, and the limited time offers and promotions are driving demand. In the rest of the APZ region as well as EMEA and Americas, the focus has been on core menu items. So moving into the fourth quarter, we see limited time offerings beginning to reserve. Across the rest of the food service, while it has shown signs of recovery since our second quarter, the pace is much slower and varies by channel and market. As we have previously mentioned, we expect the recovery in this area of the business to be more gradual and take time, likely years, as restaurants and other food service venues such as stadiums and cafeterias, continue to be largely closed or operating under capacity limitations. Consumers are reluctant to dine out, and the restaurant industry has experienced significant pain. From the food at home perspective, our flavor solutions growth varies by packaged food customer, but overall, we're returning to pre-COVID-19 level, as expected. New product opportunities, which had slowed during the crisis and have been more focused on expansion of the core, are beginning to gain increased momentum, and were excited about their contribution to growth next year. In summary, for our total flavor solutions segment, business is gradually rebounding, though not yet the 2019 level. Moving to our global supply chain, coming into the crisis, there was more finished goods inventory in the system, both for us and our customers, which was depleted early in the crisis. The sustained, elevated level of demand coupled with our added employee safety measures, has challenged our manufacturing operations. Service has been stressed in some areas and inventory replenishment will take some time. The real pressure has been on our U.S. manufacturing operations, that we've had to suspend or curtail production with some secondary products to meet demand for our top selling products. While the rest of the world is also experiencing elevated consumer demand, they've not experienced the same level of manufacturing pressure, given the capacity and capabilities we've built outside of the Americas in the past few years. In EMEA, where our supply chain is very well-positioned to meet demand, we've gained distribution as other manufacturers have faced challenges. For the Americas, as we said on our earnings call in June, we're expanding our workforce and increasing manufacturing capacity through optimized scheduling and investment, particularly around blending capacity, as well as scaling up partnerships with third-party manufacturer. To be clear, this added capacity is still ramping up. This capacity just started to come online in August, and will continue to ramp up over the next few months. And its targeted to be completely in place by the end of the calendar year. And by then, we will have added the equivalent of an additional plant for the U.S. manufacturing capacity. Of course, with this rapid scale up, there are extra costs and short-term inefficiency, but we're confident we're implementing efficient long-term solution. The investments we're making are not just to meet the higher demand for the balance of 2020, but to strengthen our supply chain resiliency longer-term, and to support the America's consumer growth, we anticipate continuing into next year, driven by both sustained demand as well as retailer inventory replenishment. We're making good progress. Our service levels continued to improve and we're confident in our capabilities and ability to meet demand, particularly during the holiday season. We're positioning ourselves for continued success. I want to thank our supply chain employees for their remarkable efforts, as well as our suppliers and customers for their partnership in this challenging environment. The positive fundamentals we have in place have enabled us to manage through this period of volatility. The investments we've made and the capabilities weve built, combined with our strong business models, prepared us to execute from a position of strength. As the crisis subsides, we will emerge an even better company, by driving our long-term strategy, responding to changing consumer behavior and capitalizing on opportunities from our relative strength. Now, I'd like to focus on our third quarter performance, business update on our consumer and flavor solutions segments and our 2-for-1 stock split announcement. As seen on Slide 6, we have a broad and advantage global flavor portfolio, which continues to position us to meet the demand for flavor around the world and grow our business. The breadth and reach of our portfolio across segments, geographies, channels, customers and product offerings creates a balanced portfolio to drive consistency in our performance in a volatile environment, as evidenced by our third quarter results. During the third quarter, the shift in consumer behavior to cooking even more at home or at home consumption, drove a substantial increase in our consumer segments demand, as well as increases with our packaged food company customers and our flavor solutions segment. On the other hand, we experienced the decline in demand from our restaurants and other food service customers for the away-from-home products in our portfolio, which historically has represented approximately 20% of our total annual company's sales. The impact of this shift more at home consumption varied by region, due to the different levels of away-from-home consumption in each, as seen on Slide 6, as well as the pace of each region's COVID-19 recovery. Taken together, these impacts continue to demonstrate the strength and diversity of our offerings, but we may experience temporary disruptions in parts of our business, underlying consumer demand continues to underpin our growth. Now let me cover the highlights of our third quarter, which were broadly in line with the trends we discussed in our earnings call in June. Starting with our topline, third quarter sales increased 8% from a year ago period. In constant currency sales grew 9%, mainly attributable to significantly higher volume and product mix in our consumer segment, with a partial offset from a low single digit decline in our flavor solutions segment. Adjusted operating income increased 5%, including 1% unfavorable impact from currency. These results were driven by higher sales, favorable mix primarily driven by the sales mix between segments. And CCI-led cost savings partially offset by higher costs, including those related to COVID-19. Our third quarter adjusted earnings per share was $1.53, 5% higher than the year ago period of $1.46, driven primarily by our strong operating performance. With one quarter left in the year, we have resumed guidance and expect to deliver another year of strong profitable growth. Our results continued to be driven by the engagement of our employees and the successful execution of our strategy. And we're confident in our 2020 outlook, which will be covered in detail in a few moments. Now, let me spend a few minutes on our business segment update. Starting on Slide 8, with our consumer segment, sales rose 15% with minimal impact from currency, fueled by the change in consumer behavior. Research and trend data show that not only are consumers cooking more at home, they're enjoying it, both from a flavor and family experience, and have even accelerated their use of spices, seasonings and condiments, as the pandemic has progressed. Additionally, as at home consumption from restaurant carryout and delivery is increasing, many consumers are adding flavor what spices, sauces or condiments they have at home. We believe these trends will last beyond the COVID-19 pandemic and drive continued growth. Our Americas constant currency sales growth was 17% in the third quarter. Our total McCormick U.S. branded portfolio as indicated in our IRI consumption data grew 28%, which is substantial and reflects the strength of our category, as consumers cook more at home. Our sales increase was lower than the U.S. IRI consumption growth attributable to a few factors. First, the service level pressures and product allocation from the supply chain challenges, I mentioned previously. Next, the timing of the holiday program we offer retailers. We generally offer the program during our third quarter to encourage early in store display and merchandising of holiday products. The impact of this program was included in our third quarter shipments in 2019. In 2020, though, with the elevated level of demand and focus on keeping core items on shelf, a portion of retailer purchases for this program has shifted to our fourth quarter. Notwithstanding this shift, we still expect another year of strong holiday execution. And lastly, increased level of pricing growth in the scanner data, due to curtailed third quarter promotions and channel shift with grocery outpacing mass merchandisers and club stores. Focusing on the U.S. branded portfolio, consumption in all key categories grew at a double-digit rate in the third quarter, with the majority of our categories continuing to outpace the total store and centers for growth rates. In fact, consumption in our portfolio during the third quarter, grew 2.5 times the center of store rate, which is an increase from the comparison in the second quarter. But we do not expect consumption to continue at the highly elevated level of our third quarter. We do expect continued and long lasting growth from the increase in consumers cooking at home. The most recent IRI scanner sales data for the week ended September 13, shows McCormick U.S. branded portfolio consumption still growing over 20%, with continued strength in spices and seasonings. We gained share at seven out of 11 categories during the third quarter, those which were less impacted by supply constraints, including hot sauces, stocks and broth, barbecue sauce, wet marinade and Asian products. While there was noise in the third quarter share numbers for categories impacted by supply, such as spices and seasonings dry recipe mixes and mustard, on a year-to-date basis were relatively flat or gaining share in those categories too. New products launched earlier in the year such as Frank's RedHot thick sauces, Old Bay hot sauce and Stubbs reduced sugar barbecue sauce, have continued to get exceptional trial and contributed to the third quarter growth. The sell-in of our second-half new product launches however has been slowed due to the focus on keeping core items on retail shelves. And these launches will now be further opportunities to fuel growth next year. The slow performance across household penetration and the rate of repeat buyers continued in the third quarter across our portfolio. Our household penetration rate increased 8% compared to last year, driving a significant amount of trial for millions of new households across multiple categories. Spices and seasonings, dry recipe mixes and hot sauces has the biggest gain, but even smaller brands like Simply Asia and Thai Kitchen grew significantly, and their rate of repeat buyers increased 7% during the quarter, with double digit repeat rates in many categories. These metrics increasing significantly, both in our second quarter and third quarter indicates a high level of usage and speaks to the stickiness of our product. Consumers are coming into our brands, having a good experience and buying our products again. With our high level of effective brand marketing assessments, including planned increases in the fourth quarter, and our initiatives to deepen our digital connection with consumer, we're capitalizing on the opportunity to build long-term brand equity after trial and increase usage by existing consumer. We're continuing to design targeted media messaging focused on cooking at home, teaching consumers how to use our products and providing a flavor inspiration. And as the younger generation continues to fuel the demand for flavor, and everyone has accelerated their online presence, we're executing on creative ways to connect with them. For instance, one way we're connecting with consumers is by helping them discover new ways to enjoy time honored tradition. Take Tailgating for example, with football season now in full swing, we partnered with former New York Giants Quarterback, Eli Manning to create the largest virtual homegating experience, having the lucky fans interact with Eli to learn about his favorite Frank's RedHot flavor snacks, the recent event garnered over 750 million media impressions across digital media platform. Moving from the football season to the holiday season, our fourth quarter is an important one from a seasonal standpoint. Our consumer's holiday dinner may be more important than ever this year, and we're excited about helping make them memorable flavor experiences. In terms of brand marketing, we're launching a holiday version of our 'It's Gonna Be Great' campaign, which recognize that celebrations might be different this year, in addition to our normal holiday promotion activities. And from a supply chain standpoint, we're protecting our top selling holiday products. We have confidence, we're well-positioned for a successful holiday season. Our portfolio and the plans we have in place are even more relevant today than they were before the crisis, as we expect the increase in at home cooking to persist. We will continue to drive our category leadership and growth momentum through strong brand marketing, category management initiative and new product innovation. Now turning to EMEA, our constant currency sales rose 23% with broad based growth across the region. Our largest markets drove double digit total branded consumption growth with market share gains across the region in our key categories. Importantly, we gained total EMEA region share in spices and seasonings and dry recipe mixes. The spices and seasonings consumption was strong in all markets, driven by consumers cooking more at home and discovering they need our products for great tasting, healthy flavor solutions. Our brand marketing campaign highlighting our product superiority and culinary partnership, coupled with pivoting or digital messages based on real time consumer insights, with the topics most relevant to consumers and formats that resonate the most are driving spices and seasoning momentum. In the UK, our Schwartz brand new dry recipe mixes, such as One Pan meal seasonings offer a convenient and natural herb and spice blends for vegetarian options, are attracting younger consumers to the category and driving new distribution gains, as well as category growth. We achieved the leading UK market share position in dry recipe mixes at the beginning of the year, and we continue to gain significant market share in the third quarter. And with the momentum in baking continuing, combined with successful new product launches, we again had exceptional consumption of growth in our Vahine brand in France, outpacing the homemade desserts category and gaining share. Notably, Frank's RedHot turned up the heat during the third quarter, with over 40% consumption growth driven partly by a successful digital drilling campaign as well as new distribution. We're gaining millions of new households and driving repeat purchases. Our household penetration increased significantly across our major brands and markets during the third quarter compared to last year, with double digit growth percentages in both the UK and France spices and seasonings categories, as well as in the UK dry recipe mixes and France homemade desserts category. And our rate of repeat buyers in these markets and categories also grew by double digit. Our strong brand marketing and digital campaign, which we've increased in EMEA, provide us with confidence, we will continue growing with our new consumer, while welcoming to our brand as well as our existing value consumer. Moving forward in EMEA, well continue to capture the momentum we've gained and are excited with our growth trajectory, following challenging market conditions over the past few years. In the Asia Pacific region, our constant currency sales declined 6%, driven by declines in branded food service products, which are included in our consumer segment in China. Excluding those impacts, sales for the region would have increased, reflecting the increase in consumer demand across the region related to more cooking at home. In China, our consumer to business growth was strong, driven by consumers demand for convenient solutions, fueling our growth of recipe mixes, as well as world flavor and hot pot sauces. Continued momentum in condiments also contributed to growth. In other parts of the region, we have broad based growth, led by Australia's strong consumption and share growth in branded spices and seasonings, particularly in Gourmet Garden, with high double digit rates of new consumers and repeat buyers, and Franks RedHot with over 50% growth during the pandemic. Finally, in all regions, consumers digital engagement has increased significantly, as we continue to experience accelerated e-commerce growth in all categories, whether it'd be pure play, click and collect or our own direct to consumer property. The pace of growth has slowed from the second quarter, which was heavily impacted by more extensive stay at home period. But we again drove triple digit growth in the third quarter, as well as increasing our market share in several markets. We expect the shift to online shopping behavior to continue, and we're well-positioned for it, through the investments we've made and continue to make in this channel. Our consumer growth plans based on our strategies have been in place since the beginning of the year, and we're yielding the results before the crisis. And we've been able to leverage our initiatives to capitalize on the opportunity to help our consumers during this time and strengthen our category leadership positions, which further bolsters our confidence that we will drive future growth. Turning to Slide 10 in our flavor solution segments, our sales performance improved substantially from our second quarter constant currency decline of 16%. Our third quarter constant currency sales were 1% lower than last year, attributable to lower demand from restaurants and other food service customers, and our Americas and EMEA region, driven by the decline in away from home consumption. Almost, fully offsetting this lower demand, with continued growth in sales for packaged food customers across all regions, as well as strong sales growth to quick service restaurants in China. In the Americas, our sales declined 3% in constant currency, driven by demand declines across both branded food service and restaurant customers. With the branded food service impact more significant, as our away from home customer base in the Americas is skewed more to that channel. We're continuing to work with our customers impacted by away from home consumption declines to manage through their recovery efforts. With our customer intimacy approach, we're collaborating to provide solutions, such as menu simplification and optimization, branded portion controlled packaging for dining-in and carryout, and condiment dispensing solutions for food service operations. We're building menu excitement with strong promoters leveraging the power of our brand, driving wins for both our customers and us. We're excited about new distribution gains as well as upcoming menu participation and limited time offers, as the recovery momentum continues. In EMEA, our sales growth 1% in constant currency, the significant rebound from a 31% decline in our second quarter. Our away from home customer base in this region is skewed more to QSR, and then the third quarter as they reopen with adapted operating model and resumed limited dine-in options, our demand from these customers rebounded, although it's still modestly below the third quarter of last year. The recovery with other food service customers also began in the third quarter, as COVID-19 restrictions eased, although as expected, slower and not to the same extent as QSR. Turning to our at home customer base, we had strong growth in our flavor sales of the packaged food company, similar to pre-COVID-19 levels, driven by the strength in their core iconic products, as well as the momentum from new products launched at the beginning of the year. We're advantaged by our differentiated customer engagement in this evolving environment, which has driven continued wins with our EMEA flavor solutions customer. Whether it'd be quickly scaling up to meet aggressive recovery plans, collaborating on opportunities, or managing through demand volatility, we're responding with speed and agility, and further strengthening our customer relationships. In the Asia Pacific region, our constant currency sales grew 7%, driven by China and Australia's growth of QSR customers. During the third quarter QSRs at these countries were largely open, and we're seeing momentum gaining in the core business and limited time offer and our customers promotional activities. Government imposed COVID-19 restrictions and reduced levels of limited time offers continued to curtail growth in parts of the region. For the balance of the year, we expect a reduced level of our customers limited time offer and promotional activities versus last year to impact growth. We continue across all regions to be fully committed to helping our customers manage through the COVID-19 recovery phase, of which the duration is still uncertain. The slow and evolving recovery process is dependent on many factors, including restrictions being lifted, venues fully reopening, and possible resurgences. We have positive fundamentals in place to navigate through this period of volatility. We remain confident in the successful execution of our strategies driving long-term growth trajectory in flavor solutions. Now before turning it over to Mike and beginning on Slide 11, I'd like to mention stock split we announced this morning and provide a few summary comments, including our 2020 outlook. I'm pleased with our announcement this morning of a 2-for-1 stock split, reflecting our sustained positive performance and outlook for continued growth. It has been 18 years since the last split of stock, which was in 2002, when the pre-split share price was $52.33. We believe this will provide greater liquidity and be appreciated by individual investors and employees. And now in summary, as the foundation of our sales growth is the global demand for flavor, we're capitalizing on the growing consumer interest in healthy, flavorful cooking, heritage brands and digital engagement. These long-term trends have not only remained intact during the crisis, they have accelerated. And our alignment with them positions us well to meet increased consumer demand, both through our products and our customer products. We're driving sales growth balanced with our focus on lowering costs to expand margins, and sustainably realize earnings growth. We have a solid foundation. And in an environment that continues to be dynamic and fast paced, we are ensuring, we remain agile, relevant and focused on long-term sustainable growth. We've delivered outstanding year-to-date results during a period of great disruption, proving the strength of our business model. Our strategies are effective and reinforcing our customers, they will continue to drive future growth. Our 2020 outlook, which Mike will discuss in detail in a few moments, reflects the strength of our year-to-date performance and momentum we're carrying into our fourth quarter and 2021. We are exceeding the objectives we had in place at the beginning of the year, delivering stronger sales and underlying operating performance, while importantly also ensuring the health and safety of our employees, investing in our supply chain resiliency to meet growth we expect in 2021, recognizing the exceptional performance of our people throughout the COVID-19 crisis and supporting our communities through relief efforts. Our growth expectation reflects our confidence in the sustainability of higher at home consumption trends. As we look to our fiscal 2021, we expect constant currency organic sales growth in both of our segments on top of the outstanding consumer segment growth this year. I want to recognize McCormick employees around the world for driving our momentum and success, and thank them for their efforts, engagements and for adapting to this new environment. It is now my pleasure to turn it over to Mike.
Mike Smith: Thanks, Lawrence, and good morning, everyone. I'll begin now by providing some additional comments on our third quarter performance, and then our financial outlook for the balance of the year. Starting on Slide 14, during the third quarter sales were at 9% in constant currency. Sales growth was driven by substantially higher volume and mix in our consumer segment, partially offset by lower volume and mix in our flavor solution segment, pricing to partially offset costs inflation also contributed favorably to both segments. Consumer segment sales grew 15% in constant currency, led by the Americas and EMEA regions. The shift to at home consumption and cooking more at home, as well as consumers adding flavor at home to their restaurant carryout and delivery has driven substantial demand for consumer products, driving higher volume and mix in these regions. On Slide 15, consumer segment sales in the Americas increased 17% in constant currency, versus the third quarter of 2019. The increase was driven by significant growth across our branded portfolio, including higher volume and product mix of McCormick spices and seasonings, as well as Simply Asia, Thai Kitchen, Gourmet Garden, Frank's RedHot, Zatarain's, Stubb's, Lawry's and El Guapo products. Additionally, the pricing actions taken prior to COVID-19 in the first quarter, to partially offset increased costs also contributed to the growth. In the EMEA, constant currency consumer sales grew 23% from a year ago, with double digit volume and mix growth in all countries across the region. The most significant growth drivers were our Schwartz and Ducros brands in spices and seasonings, our Vahine homemade dessert products and our Schwartz dry recipe mixes. Consumer sales in Asia Pacific declined 6% in constant currency, driven by lower branded food service sales, as Lawrence mentioned. This decline was partially offset by increased consumer demand across the region, with growth led by China's recipe mixes, sauces and condiments, as well as Australia's brand new spices, seasonings and condiments. Turning to our flavor solutions segment on Slide 18, third quarter constant currency sales decreased 1%, driven by declines in away from home products in the portfolios of our Americas and EMEA region. In the Americas, flavor solutions constant currency sales declined 3% driven by a significant decline in sales to branded food service customers, in addition to lower sales to quick service restaurants, partially offsetting these declines were increase sales of packaged food companies and pricing to offset costs increases. In EMEA, constant currency sales increased 1%, driven by pricing to cover costs increases, also partially by lower volume and product mix. Volume and product mix decline, driven by reduction in sales to branded food service customers, in addition to lower sales to quick service restaurant customers, partially offsetting these declines was sales growth with packaged food companies. In the Asia Pacific region, flavor solution sales rose 7% in constant currency, driven by higher sales to quick service restaurants in China and Australia, partially driven by our customers' limited time offers and promotional activities. As shown on Slide 22, adjusted operating income, which excludes special charges increased 5% in the third quarter versus the year ago period. In constant currency, adjusted operating income grew by 6% and was driven by substantial growth in the consumer segment, partially offset by a significant decline in the flavor solutions segment. Adjusted operating income growth in the consumer segment was 18%, increasing to $209 million, or in constant currency was 19%, driven primarily by higher sales. In the flavor solution segment, adjusted operating income declined 24% to $64 million, or 22% in constant currency, driven partially by lower sales, unfavorable product mix due to decline in branded food service sales, and an unfavorable impact to manufacturing costs resulting from the lower volume. Both segments were also unfavorably impacted by COVID-19-related supply chain costs, including those related to additional compensation for our operations employees, safety and sanitation measures and scaling up to meet increased demand, as well as higher incentive compensation, which was driven by our strong year-to-date sales and operating profit performance. These unfavorable impacts were partially offset by CCI-led cost saving. Gross profit margin expanded 70 basis points in the third quarter versus the year ago period, driven primarily by favorable product mix, resulting from the sale shift between segments and CCI-led cost savings with a partial offset from COVID-19-related costs. Adjusted operating margin compression of 60 basis points compared to the third quarter of last year was driven by the net impact of the factors, I just mentioned, as well as higher distribution costs. Turning to income taxes on Slide 24, our third quarter adjusted effective income tax rate was 19.3% as compared to 17.6% in the year ago period. Those years were favorably impacted by discrete tax items, principally stock option exercises. Income from unconsolidated operations up $10 million in the third quarter was comparable to the year ago period. At the bottom line, as shown on slide 26, third quarter of 2020 adjusted earnings per share was $1.53, that's compared to $1.46 for the year ago period. The increase was primarily driven by our higher adjusted operating income with lower interest expense, offsetting the impact of a higher adjusted income tax rate. This increase also includes an unfavorable impact from foreign currency exchange rates. On Slide 27, we summarize highlights for cash flow in the quarter end balance sheet. Our cash flow provided from operations was $627 million for the third quarter of 2020, a 27% increase compared to $495 million for the third quarter of 2019, and was driven by higher net income. We finished the third quarter with a cash conversion cycle at 36 days, down seven days versus our 2019 fiscal year end. We returned $247 million of cash to shareholders through dividends, and used $146 million for capital expenditures through the third quarter of 2020. Additionally, we were very happy that during the third quarter, we fully paid off the terms notes related to the acquisition of the Franks and Frenchs brands, and ended the third quarter with a net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio of 3.1 times. We continue to project another year of strong cash flow. Our priority is to continue to have a balanced use of cash, making investments to drive growth, including through acquisitions, returning a significant portion to our shareholders through dividends and to pay down debt. Let's now move to our 2020 financial outlook. As a reminder, we withdrew our 2020 guidance during our first quarter earnings call in late March. The operating environment over the past six months has continued to evolve, and while there still remains much uncertainty and many variables which can drive a range of possible outcomes, we recognize our year-to-date performance has been strong and we are currently in the last quarter of our fiscal year. As such, we are resuming our 2020 guidance at this time based on the expectations Lawrence shared earlier this morning. Most notably, that the shift in consumer demand in at home consumption versus away from home will continue for the balance of the year, and even beyond. We believe this shift will continue to favorably impact the consumer segment in our fourth quarter. While the away from home part of this flavor solutions portfolio has begun to recover, it will continue to be unfavorably impacted. We expect the impact of both segments will not be to the same extent that we have realized in the past six months. Starting with the topline, we expect to grow sales at the upper end of a 4% to 5% range, which in constant currency is a range of 5% to 6%. This increase is expected to be entirely organic and reflects growth driven by new products, expanded distribution, fair marketing and pricing, which in conjunction with cost savings, is expected to offset anticipated mid-single digit inflationary pressures. It includes the net impact of the shift in demand due to COVID-19 and the consumers sustained preference for cooking at home. Our 2020 gross profit margin is expected to be 75 basis points to 100 basis points higher than 2019, in part driven by our CCI-led cost savings and favorable product mix, partially offset by COVID-19-related costs. Our adjusted operating income growth rate reflects the expected strength of our constant currency sales performance and underlying profit realization, partially offset by higher expenses related to COVID-19 and incentive compensation. We're projected to grow adjusted operating income by 4% to 5%, or 5% to 6% in constant currency. This includes our cost savings targets of approximately $105 million and an expected mid-single digit increase of brand marketing investments. We are estimating our COVID-19 costs, which include expenses related to additional compensation for our frontline operations employees, safety and sanitation measures and scaling up to meet increased demand, as well as donations to relief organizations will be approximately $40 million to $50 million for fiscal year 2020, with the majority of this cost impacted gross profit. Our estimated increase and incentive compensation is driven by our projected strong fiscal year sales and operating profit performance, and is consistent with our commitment to a pay for performance philosophy. Our 2020 adjusted effective income tax rate is projected to be approximately 20%. Based on our year-to-date performance, including the impact of favorable discrete items and the estimated mix of earnings by geography. This outlook compares to our 2019 adjusted effective tax rate of 19.5%. Our income from unconsolidated operations is also expected to be impacted by unfavorable currency rates, and as a result, we are projecting a mid-single digit decline. Our guidance range for adjusted earnings per share in 2020 is $5.64 to $5.72. This compares to $5.35 of adjusted earnings per share in 2019, and represents a 5% to 7% increase, which in constant currency is a 6% to 8% increase. In summary, we are projecting another strong year of underlying operating performance, while doing is right, by first protecting our employees and recognizing their contributions, second, by supporting our communities through relief efforts, and finally, by making supply chain and brand marketing investments to meet our expected growth into fiscal 2021. And while we are not providing guidance for next year, I want to note that we do expect constant currency organic sales growth in both our segments in 2021, as Lawrence mentioned earlier. Additionally, I want to provide you a brief update on our ERP replacement program. We indicated in March that we will rephasing the timing of this program to focus on the challenging environment during the pandemic. We have remained excited and committed to our global transformation initiative. While the environment is still challenging, we have continued to work on this program. The delay provides us an opportunity to do some replanning, and as SAP has improved their product, our ramp up will be on a new version with a broader suite of applications, allowing us to save an upgrade cycle as well. We have not completed our planning yet, but we do not anticipate any major go lives in 2021. We will provide further updates on our ERP program on our earnings call in January. Finally, I would also like to mention that yesterday our Board of Directors approved a 2-for-1 stock split with one share of common stock, with common stock non-voting to be issued for each like outstanding share. The additional shares will be distributed on November 30, and trading is expected to begin on a split adjusted basis on December 1. The stock split reflects the confidence we have in our future, and we believe it will provide greater liquidity and allow the stock to be more accessible to a broad range of investors. I'd like to now turn it back to Lawrence for some closing remarks before we move to your questions.
Lawrence Kurzius: Thank you, Mike. Now that Mike has shared our financial results and 2020 outlook in more detail, I'd like to recap the key takeaways as seen on Slide 29. We've delivered outstanding year-to-date results during a period of great disruption, proving the strength of our business model, the value of our product and our capabilities as a company. Our foundation is solid and our strategies are effective. Our 2020 outlook reflects another year of strong operating performance while doing what is right for our employees and communities, as well as making investments for the growth we expect in both segments next year. We're confident in our ability to perform in this dynamic environment and to continue delivering differentiated results and build long-term value. And now I'd like to turn to your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We'll now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And our first question is from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Please proceed with your questions.
Andrew Lazar: Good morning, everybody.
Lawrence Kurzius: Hi, Andrew. Good morning. Thanks for hanging in there for a very long script.
Andrew Lazar: No worries, no worries. My pleasure. So two things would be, first off, thanks for your thoughts around your expectations for organic sales into next year. I'm curious as we think about EBIT for next year, obviously, we're not in a position to give any kind of guidance. But maybe you can just cover off on a couple of the discrete items puts and takes that we kind of know about? Meaning, I know covered, Mike $40 million to $50 million of COVID-related costs this year. Is all of that expected to not repeat next year or as a portion go into next year? And then anyway you can break out what the incremental maybe incentive comp cost is expected to be this year? And just any other things that are discrete, that we kind of know now that we should take into account as we think about sort of profit growth next year? And then I've just got a follow-up. Thank you.
Mike Smith: Hey, Andrew, it's Mike. I'll answer this, and if Lawrence has any comments, he can chime in. You referred to the COVID costs. Obviously, we talked about -- this year about $40 million to $50 million incremental costs in 2020. We expect some of those to continue, however, some of those we don't expect to continue. Some of the things like we're scaling up production, we're onboarding people, we've incremental co-packers in place now. We expect that to not impact us into next year. However, some of the things we've done like PPE and other coverage for our employees, we do expect to continue. So it's a mix of that. However, we would be really -- a lot depends on the environment and continued resurgence. So, our January guidance will give you a lot more detail on that obviously.
Lawrence Kurzius: But there is other -- in addition to what Mike said, there are costs that we incurred for temporary plant closure, like extraordinary sanitation that we do not anticipate happening again next year. And just bringing on all of this capacity has been done very quickly. And as a result, it's been brought on somewhat inefficiently in the short-term, and we expect that efficiency rate to go up as we get into next year. Now on incentive comp, Mike mentioned the word about that. I certainly hope that it doesn't -- it's not a tailwind next year. But if it's not, it's because -- if it is at the tailwind, it's because of continued extraordinary performance. We have pay per performance philosophy. Our employees have really delivered this year, and so incentive comp, across the all levels of the organization is pretty much at the top of our program range. And so, it would take a really extraordinary performance to repeat that. So probably it's going to be a tailwind as well, but in any case, the underlying business results that we delivered this year, don't get paid for twice. Our plants pay for growth.
Andrew Lazar: Yes, it makes sense. And you mentioned capacity, and I want to dig into that a little bit. I'm curious if there's a way to sort of spread out a little bit, how much of the upcoming capacity that's coming online, is sort of internal versus stepped up use of third parties? And really the reason I ask is that, I'd assume that McCormick would not be adding its own sort of internal capacity in any significant way unless it thought that some of these recently elevated trends were likely to persist somewhat longer-term, not at current levels necessarily. But, longer-term in a way that you kind of felt like you needed internal capacity, as opposed to just the more -- as opposed to just accessing the flexibility of third-party manufacturing.
Lawrence Kurzius: So, Andrew. It's actually -- it's a mix. So some of the capacity we've gained has been by adding people and changing our shift patterns so that we have more of our facilities operating on a 24/7 or 25/7 schedule, not just on some lines, but some case on all lines. So that's one way we've added capacity. We have made some short, we've made some -- we've been able to make some investments in blending capacity that are internal. And then we have brought on quite a lot of third-party co-packing capacity that is an incremental cost that we would hope to absorb into our own facilities over the course of next year.
Mike Smith: And that's primarily with a strategic partner that we already did co-packing with also. So we're not creating a quality risk out there at all.
Andrew Lazar: Got it. Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Ken Goldman with JP Morgan. Please proceed with your questions.
Ken Goldman: Hi, thank you. One clarification and then I have a broader question and just building on Andrew's question. You talked about no major go live for ERP in 2021. Is it fair for us to assume that obviously the costs will be delayed maybe until 2022 as well from that, or there are some costs that you'll incur in advance? Just curious on that first.
Mike Smith: Yes. I mean, we're continuing -- even though we talked earlier about delaying the ERP, we're still incurring costs this year, we're going to spend in 2020 around the same level as we did in 2019. So you can expect that we replan this will have cost in next year. We're not prepared at this point to talk about the level of cost, but we just wanted to highlight the fact that, go lives, which are -- bring with them major costs aren't going to really happen until 2022. And we'll have more -- obviously the January guidance will sharpen the pencils for that.
Ken Goldman: Okay, that's helpful. And then I wanted to poke around a little bit on your commentary about organic growth in the consumer segment next year. The markets right now are looking for -- the streets looking for low-single-digit declines. So you're surprising to the upside, I think. And I wanted to ask, clearly, you have a very strong first quarter coming up, you should anyway, given that you don't lap against COVID. But after that there's some reasonably high bars to comp against. And I'm just curious to what extent is your confidence in this topline growth next year, informed maybe a little bit by the increase in capacity? And also the potential trade load that could bleed from this year into next. And I'm asking, because, obviously, we should continue to see great food at home trends next year. But maybe that guidance will be easier to digest, if it's built on, I guess something more than the expectation of just end demand growth. So hopefully that makes sense.
Lawrence Kurzius: No, Ken, that makes a lot of sense. And that is a great question, because I think you've written about this. And I think that the Analysts community as a group, the consensus that's out there right now under calls, but we think the growth potential is and that's why we have commented on 2021 at this early stage, when we normally would really be focused completely on 2020. Now, even before COVID-19 hit, consumers were cooking more at home, they were using more spices and seasonings and sauces to prepare fresher, healthier meals. They're moving to trusted inherited brands, we talked about this. The pandemic accelerated these trends, and other trends like e-commerce that already underpin our strategies, and that we were already capitalizing on. And consumers haven't been doing anything that is contrary to what they have been trending to do already, they're just doing more of it. The data that we've gotten that we talked about in our prepared remarks, shows that most consumers are cooking more, they're enjoying it, they intend to cook more. And our brands have gained penetration in millions of households with a high level of repeat that shows strong satisfaction with the experiences that they're having. And we're not testing it in the U.S., we're seeing this play out globally. We've continued to invest behind our brands, and driving through the entirety of the crisis. And we've got a robust pipeline of innovation that includes some backlog from this year, but launch in 2021 too. We've added a lot of resilience and capacity in the supply chain. And the market, frankly, has taken all of it. And we're still ramping up for more just to meet the existing demand for consumption. And as you noted, we have store shelves to restock, retailer inventory to replenish and a broad range of suspended SKUs to restart. So yes, we think that there's going to be some moderation, there are going to be a couple of periods and areas where there are tough comparisons. But we absolutely expect growth in our consumer segment next year for a very good reason.
Mike Smith: I think also to highlight the fact that we're upping our spend of brand marketing in the fourth quarter. We're going to have mid -- we've guided the mid-single digits for the year, which would imply 12% to 18% increase in the fourth quarter, because that advertising will drive growth in the first and second quarter. So we're really investing behind the brand at this opportunity.
Ken Goldman: Very clear. Thank you.
Mike Smith: And I don't even need to talk about flavor solutions since everybody could see.
Ken Goldman: No, no. Yes. I think we expect that to be up already. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard with AllianceBernstein. Please proceed with your questions.
Alexia Howard: Good morning, everyone.
Lawrence Kurzius: Hi, Alexia.
Mike Smith: Good morning.
Alexia Howard: Hi, there. So can we look out -- I think you mentioned promotional activity was reduced obviously, because of the constraints on supply over the last few months on the consumer side. As you look forward, are the retailers beginning to offer that spending back? I know spices and seasonings are not generally that heavily promoted. But I'm just wondering about the dynamic with retailers there, and whether they're likely to offer an elevated spend as we look out into the tail end of this year and into 2021?
Lawrence Kurzius: Sure. Well, all that we've done, first of all, has been done in cooperation and collaboration with retailers. Pretty much through -- much of the third quarter and into fourth our promotional plans are actually in place. But what's different is that the product is on allocation in many cases. And so the amount that retailers can take on the promotion is limited, number one. And then number two, we had a shift in our timing of our holiday program, normally, just because of the scale of the holiday program, we actually start deliveries in August to get displays up already, just to manage the surge. And as part of managing overall demand, we pushed about half of that off into Q4. So there's a timing difference there. But, I think that for the most part, our promotional plans are back in place. Those comments are pretty specific to the U.S. and Canada. And the rest of the world, where we really haven't been constrained by supply promotional plans have gone forward as normal at this point.
Alexia Howard: Great. And as a follow-up. As you've managed to delever to a little over 3 times net debt to EBITDA. How does that adjust your thinking on acquisitions? Obviously, there's a lot that you've got on your plates just operating within this environment. But in the past, you've been particularly bullish on the idea of doing further deals. I'm just wondering how rich that set of opportunities looks right now. And how actively, you might be pursuing that and in which parts of the business?
Lawrence Kurzius: So it has been our goal to deleverage to 3 times of EBITDA by the end of 2020. It looks like we're certainly there, that's a positive. And our goals for -- our acquisition strategy is unchanged, which is the acquisition support our growth strategies. And so, we've been signaling for a while that that we didn't feel that we actually had to literally get to report a 3.0 before we'd be back in the market. And so, we would say that we're open for business and the acquisition department.
Alexia Howard: Great, thank you very much. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your questions.
Lawrence Kurzius: Hi, Rob, are you there?
Operator: And Mr. Moskow back to you.
Robert Moskow: Hi, can you hear me? Sorry about that. Yes, that was me.
Lawrence Kurzius: Thats like the cliche of our time right now.
Robert Moskow: Yes, thats happen to many. Yes, I agree with you. But unfortunately, no dogs barking in the background. But I did have just kind of a broader question about your margin structure. You're making investments in capacity this year, that will dilute your margins in fourth quarter. And then you have this big ERP program that will probably dilute margins next year. Just big picture, like would you say that these investments are setting you up to service -- to become a bigger company to service a bigger demand? And if so, like when do you get back to a pattern of margin expansion and benefiting from all that scale that you've put out? And I guess the second part is, do you get back then to your normal pattern of market expansion that's in your long-term algo?
Mike Smith: Hey, that's a great question, Rob. And I'll start it. No, thats a great point. And as we went into this year, obviously when we had planned a $60 million-ish investment in ERP, that was going to be dilutive to our margin. However, we need to become a bigger company, increase our scale. ERP program drives efficiencies across the organization and really allows us to grow faster and make acquisitions faster. It's hard to pin it down to one year investment and then you get back right away. But over a three or four year period where we look at our constant currency sales growth and our margins, and we see that really as our long-term guidance. One years, you're going to have some short-term ups and downs on it. And there are stake levers we can pull to from an advertising perspective, spending more or less. CCI is a tool we've used in the past to lean into, when we've had investments to make. So I think in January you'll see a better picture for next year.
Lawrence Kurzius: But, the investments that we've made in supply chain this year have really been extraordinary, because of the extraordinary circumstances. We've had an unprecedented increase in demand that has been sustained over time that we have really had to work and almost throw money at in order to meet. And it hasn't been done in the most efficient way. And I think that, as we've commented on the first question from Andrew, we would expect that some of those costs would come out.
Mike Smith: And you think about earlier this year, people have already forgotten the first quarter. China was such a shock to us and everybody, and the consumers there didn't get a chance to really buy. So that was a large first quarter impact for us, which really hurt our margins. Going even in the flavor solutions business, we talked about continuing to mix up there with portfolio management, this year has been a little tough because, food service, Frank food service, which is high margin, has been hurt by this COVID situation, whereas QSRs are recovering that has first and mixed perspective. But we see that over time recovering also.
Robert Moskow: Okay. And I actually do have a follow-up question. You said that Europe had already expanded capacity sufficiently to meet the 20% plus increase in demand, but the U.S. had not. Is there any reason that the capacity expanded in one region, but not the other?
Lawrence Kurzius: Well, sure. Over the last several years, we've been building our capacity and capabilities in Asia Pacific first and in Europe second, as an area of investment focus. And actually, we had just turned to the Americas. This year, we announced a big investment in highly automated logistics center earlier this year, pre-COVID. And so, our investment cycle has turned to the Americas, but
Mike Smith: It's not as we've ignored Americas. We've had investments along the way, but its the same region for us right.
Lawrence Kurzius: And virtually all of our plants in Asia have been either new or renovated in the last several years. And we've made a number of big investments in expansion and automation in EMEA and we're just turning to the Americas. But even beyond that, it's just the scale of the surge of demand. I mean, the U.S. business is so big that even the same percentage growth turns into a massive amount of volume.
Robert Moskow: Got it. Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Chris Growe with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Chris Growe: Hi, good morning.
Lawrence Kurzius: Good morning, Chris.
Chris Growe: Hi, good morning. I had a -- the question just to understand, you talked earlier in the call about pushing off some new product launches and how those could benefit 2021, I think was the implication. Is that a function of the retailer sort of acceptance of new products? Are you seeing that kind of pick back up? And also just to understand how the capacity lines up for some of those new products? Are these largely third-party produced or has been new production capacity able to produce those products? Just want to get a sense of how this will play out in 2021?
Lawrence Kurzius: Well, with the surge in demand, both we and the retailers really wanted to focus on the core items. For us, it is a certain supply and the retailers still have the challenge of bringing product in and just the logistics of the whole increase in consumer shopping in their total store. So there's been much more of a focus on core. And the new items that we actually have launched early in the year got unprecedented trial. But the items that we had planned for the second-half really have been deferred into 2021 and add to that pipeline. I don't think our experience in that area is much different than what others set up. But we also had a big shelf initiative. We had a spice aisle reinvention program that we unveiled at Cagney and had a plan to get into thousands of stores. We have made that change in thousands of stores but nowhere near the magnitude that we expected. And so that's also going to be part of the program for next year. On the flavor solution side of the business, also, our customers have tended to focus on their core items as well. And so innovation in that area has also been curtailed. Quick service restaurants trying to manage demand and their drive-through and take takeaway model have focused more on core items and are really only now getting back into limited time offers and promotional offerings. And in our consumer food manufacturing customers are also just now ramping up their innovation programs. We have a lot of projects underway in that area that I think will be a benefit in that segment next year. But really, through the crisis the focus has been on core items both for us, our customers, both on flavor solutions and its retail.
Mike Smith: And some evidence of that, QSRs in APZ, in China and Australia are recovering faster. And more LTOs are coming out now, as we talked about this quarter. So we see that continue hopefully into next year.
Chris Growe: Okay. Thank you for that. And I just want to quick follow-up if I could on the gross margin, and I guess to implied gross margin for the fourth quarter. It does indicate some less growth or even a bit of a decline in the fourth quarter based on the performance year-to-date. Are there residual COVID costs we have to keep in mind? Is it the co-packers? And also you have some costs around the new capacity, are those sort of the factors that play into the fourth quarter gross margin performance?
Mike Smith: Oh, definitely, Chris. Weve talked at the last call, you're talking about $30 million split between the second and third quarter. Now we're saying 40 to 50, of which -- and we're considering the fourth quarter because of that unprecedented demand. So yes, those costs are continuing into the fourth quarter.
Lawrence Kurzius: I'd say that's the biggest factor.
Mike Smith: Yes, that really is. And we're saying too early, but we've had some very favorable segment mix over the last couple of quarters. We're going to see a little bit less of that in the fourth quarter. But the primary thing is the COVID cost, as Lawrence said.
Chris Growe: Okay, that sounds great. Thanks for your time this morning.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs. Pleased proceed with your questions.
Adam Samuelson: Yes. Thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Lawrence Kurzius: Good morning, Adam.
Adam Samuelson: Good morning. So I guess the first, it turns into a little bit of a question on the shifts on holiday sales into the fourth quarter in terms of the load in. But can you comment a little bit on retailer inventories and trade inventory in the U.S. right now, just given the surge in demand that we've seen? Just how do you think about that potentially being a tailwind into next year?
Lawrence Kurzius: Yes. I think you only have to walk into a store to know that the cover is there. We have in the first sorry -- in second quarter U.S. demand was, the scanner was up 55% and in the second quarter, it was at 28%. Our latest Nielsen still has it running up over 20 -- sorry, our latest IRI still has it running up over 20% that we have struggled to keep up with that demand. You've seen that we've reported lower numbers and a lot of that gap represents inventory reduction. So let's say that the shelf stocks are low, back room stocks are low to non-existent. There's a lot to rebuild. And as we go through the fourth quarter, we're ramping up capacity, but that's really meeting demand. The real rebuild of shelf stock, retailers safety stock, inventory in the whole, the normal level of inventory and the trade pipeline, that rebuild is going to happen next year, and it's going to take well into the year to get that back up.
Mike Smith: And that's what gives us further confidence on growth next year on the consumer side.
Adam Samuelson: Okay, now that's helpful. And then I guess my second question was more on the --
Lawrence Kurzius: And I don't think, we're not alone in that situation.
Adam Samuelson: No, that's totally fair. My other questions was on the flavor solutions and especially thinking in the Americas with the volume mix that decline you reported. And maybe you can give a little bit more color by kind of your major categories branded food service, the flavors business the condiments coating, just how the different parts of your business are performing relative to that negative 5%? And where that's trending and some potential number?
Lawrence Kurzius: Quick service restaurants are generally doing great. So they're very much in a recovery mode, depending on the geography, in some cases they're well into growth again, and other geographies, they're not quite there. But their model was already very oriented towards consumption away from premise, drive through and so on. So they've had a fast recovery, and really are irresponsible for the big swing that we saw in our EMEA, our region in particular for example or second quarter were down 31%, third quarter we're actually up 1%. The flip side of that and the slowest recovering or your traditional restaurant and food service customers, many of those are still closed or operating under capacity restrictions. In our survey data, over half of consumers still say they do not intend to eat inside at a restaurant this year. So, there's quite a path, a challenging path for them to recover. And in fact, as we get into the fall weather with cooler weather, it's going to be hard for us to -- it's going to be -- it's hard to see how it has -- that's going to be another headwind for them as we get to that time period. And so those are the ones that are there going to be more challenged. And our consumer manufacturers are pretty much back to normal that they've pretty much gotten back on track, and varies by customer, but as a group, in aggregate they're back to a more normal path. And in the Americas, I think if you were trying to dig a little bit beyond that, I think branded food service is a higher percentage of our total flavor solutions in the Americas compared to the rest of the world. That's a little bigger impact there.
Adam Samuelson: Okay. That's truly helpful color. I appreciate. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Peter Galbo with Bank of America. Please proceed with your questions.
Peter Galbo: Hey, guys. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Mike, I just had a question around freight costs. We've been seeing a pretty sizable uptick. Both in the spot markets and just wondering if that's going to spill over into contract freight rates. Just can you give us a sense of either as percent of sales or COGS, what freight represents? And maybe just in history, a couple of years ago, when freight was moving up, kind of how you guys managed it through the business?
Mike Smith: Yes. I mean, it's a good question. I mean, freight has spiked really recently, it's been up and down over the last 12 months. A couple years ago, there was a huge shortage of containers or trade and the whole industry was really hurt by that. And through our CCI program, we really manage those costs. Within the last quarter, I can't tell you specifically what programs we have, to be honest, but distribution is one of those SG&A things that has been up, primarily due to internal warehousing moves and things like that just shipping product, but freight is a relatively minor total component of our cost of goods sold.
Lawrence Kurzius: And definitely in the scheme of other products going on right now.
Mike Smith: I wouldn't think it's not a material impact in the quarter, but it does add a few a little bit of the headwinds. It's a good question.
Peter Galbo: Got it. Okay. No, that's helpful. And maybe just as a cleanup, the tax rate that 20% you gave, I mean, on a longer-term basis, I know you guys tend to talk about mid-20s, but it's been running in that closer to 20%, just as the stock has performed well. Just kind of help us think about that on a longer-term basis?
Lawrence Kurzius: Yes, longer-term its still -- I'd say that what we said earlier this year 24% to 25%. Obviously, with the election coming up, we have no idea what's going to happen next year. So stay tuned for that one. But underlying the way the rules are written out 24% to 25%. And then periodically, we have tax planning initiatives. And then, as you said, with the stock performing very well and you get a really nice stock option favorability. Now, that is all set up in the operating expense line, just partially so that does have a little bit of a headwind up there, but generally, it's good for the tax line.
Peter Galbo: Great. Thanks very much, guys.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of David Driscoll with DD Research. Please proceed with your questions.
David Driscoll: Great. Thank you, and good morning.
Lawrence Kurzius: Hey there, David.
David Driscoll: I wanted to ask you one question on the fourth quarter, and then just one follow-up on your '21 commentary. On the fourth quarter, you appear to be implying within the full year guidance, a revenue slowdown versus the third quarter. And I just wanted to hear your description as to what are the qualitative factors here? Do you expect the second wave of the virus to be impacting? Is that implied within the guidance? Or do you really just kind of take where we are today on viral impact and just extend that forward? And then are there any other key assumptions that go into that fourth quarter? And then on 2021, I'm curious about whether or not you see this as your growth comments? Are these in your control? Is it this inventory situation that's just so significant in '21, that it underpins your confidence to make these growth comments? Because, of course, nobody knows about the vaccine, how many people will take it, what that will do to consumer behavior. But I'm thinking that what you're trying to tell us today, as it doesn't really matter. There's so many underlying positives inherent to your business that are in your control, that you can still say that there would be growth in '21 in that consumer segment. Thank you.
Lawrence Kurzius: I think for Q4, I'll start, and then I'll let Mike take it and let me come back to 2021 in a minute. For flavor solutions, we're pretty much looking at the status quo versus where we are right now, because the QSRs have largely recovered. And we see just a hard path forward for the rest of the restaurant side of the business. Given the uncertainty around resurgence, I mean, look what's happening in Europe, right now, cold weather coming in. There's probably going to be some good news on a vaccine. But the fact is, thats probably not going to be widely available till sometime well into next year. So, there's a lot of uncertainty out there around that. For the consumer side, demand continues to be strong. We've had all these gains and penetration trial consumers seem to be having a good experience cooking at home. And cooking at home behavior has really held up in a way that frankly, we've underestimated all year long. I mean, it's been stronger than we thought and every time we look at it, it's holding up stronger and longer than we thought. So we're expecting some moderation next year, but we are also expecting quite a lot of it to stick. There are still a lot of uncertainties around 2021, which is why we don't give guidance this early. But we did see a growing disconnect between the expectations for growth of consumer that was going to be your so wide, we felt like we had to say something about it.
Mike Smith: Yes. And regarding the fourth quarter, I mean, we wanted to give some meaningful guidance, but also wanted to be prudent in a really uncertain environment. And there's variables to the high and the low end. We think the demand is there, obviously, as we see in the scanner data, but our ability to supply especially in the U.S. is really challenged. So we wanted to at least be proven from that perspective.
David Driscoll: I appreciate the comments. Thank you.
Lawrence Kurzius: Great.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I'll turn the floor back to Lawrence Kurzius for closing comments.
Lawrence Kurzius: Great. Thank you everyone for your questions and for participating on today's call. McCormick is a global leader in flavor, differentiated with a broad and advantage portfolio. In the volatile environment in which we currently operate, this balanced portfolio drives consistency in our performance. We have a growing and profitable business, delivering flavor to all markets and channels, while responding readily to changes in the industry and in the world, with new ideas, innovation and purpose. One of the most significant risks that any company is being unprepared to respond with agility to a significant unexpected disruption. We've all been experiencing that disruption this year and McCormick continued to be well prepared, and not only manage through it but emerge stronger. With a relentless focus on growth, performance and people, we're confident our strategies continue to position us drive future growth and build long-term value for our shareholders.
Operator: Thank you, Lawrence, and thanks to everyone for joining today's call. If you have any further questions regarding today's information, please reach out to me. This now concludes this morning's conference call. Have a good day, everyone.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-06-25 08:00:00) =====
Kasey Jenkins: Good morning. This is Kasey Jenkins, Vice President of McCormick Investor Relations. Thank you for joining today's Second Quarter Earnings Call. To accompany this call, we posted a set of slides at ir.mccormick.com. Currently, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following our remarks, we will begin a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] We'll begin with remarks from Lawrence Kurzius, Chairman, President and CEO, and Mike Smith, Executive Vice President and CFO. During our remarks, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. These include information in constant currency, as well as adjusted operating income, adjusted income tax rate and adjusted earnings per share that exclude the impact of special charges. Reconciliations to the GAAP results are included in this morning's press release and slides. In our comments, certain percentages are rounded. Please refer to our presentation for complete information. In addition, as a reminder, today's presentation contains projections and other forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from those projected. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether because of new information, future events or other factors. It is important to note, these statements include expectations and assumptions which will be shared related to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. As seen on slide two, our forward-looking statement also provides information on risk factors including the impacts of COVID-19 that could affect our financial results. It is now my pleasure to turn the discussion over to Lawrence.
Lawrence Kurzius: Thank you, Kasey. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. The last few months have been an extraordinary period and the global recovery from COVID-19 continues to evolve daily. McCormick's commitment to maintaining critical food supply across all of our markets and supporting our communities has been constant during these turbulent times. Across the globe, we've committed financial resources to many organizations to support frontline health care workers, emergency responders, and the restaurant and hospitality industries, including donating to food banks and causes nearly 20 countries to ensure reliable access to food to those most vulnerable during this ongoing pandemic. We're working through the challenges of today, while keeping our focus on the long-term goals, strategies and values that have made us so successful. We have three priorities, which we've spoken about since the first days of the crisis as we work through this period. The first is to ensure the health and safety of our employees and the quality and integrity of our product. The second is to keep our brand and our customers' brands in supply and maintain the financial strength of our business. And the third is to make sure we emerge stronger from this crisis. As a company, we've seen all phases of the pandemic, from lockdown starting in January to various stages of recovery today. Our businesses in China are fairly far along in recovery with the exception of the Hubei province, one of our most highly developed regions in China, which is in the early stages of recovery as it was under an extended lockdown through April 8. Other businesses in Asia-Pacific as well as the EMEA are about two or three months behind China with variations by market, with some markets beginning early recovery late in the second quarter. In the Americas, which is also about two to three months behind China, restrictions began to loosen late in the second quarter, with recovery currently in its early stages. Turning to slide five. Let me highlight a few points on the current conditions we're seeing and our potential impact. Our consumer segment was positively impacted early in the quarter by some initial pantry stocking in the Americas and the EMEA region and pantry replenishment in China. While these behaviors elevated consumption for a period, as the quarter progressed, strong consumption continued steadily across all regions. Our consumer survey data shows that strength was real incremental consumption driven by increased cooking at home. We believe the shift in consumer consumption to eating at home will continue, partially driven by the status of the restaurant and food service industry, as well as consumer confidence with eating out and significantly influenced by an increased preference for cooking at home, which we believe will be longer lasting. We don't expect the same level of consumption to continue for the balance of the year that we experienced throughout the quarter, or we do expect consumption to remain at some elevated level driven by the shift in consumer preference. Additionally, we would expect to benefit from consumers eating at home if we were to enter a recessionary period consistent with our historical sales performance during past recessions. As our second half of the year begins, we continue to see elevated demand from our customers and through scanner data. Turning to our flavor solutions segment, let's start with our sales to packaged food companies, which historically represents roughly half of our flavor solutions portfolio. Early in the quarter, we experienced surges in demand, which tapered off throughout the quarter and performance varied by customer. We expect overall demand consistent with pre-COVID levels in our second half. For our restaurant and other food service customers, we began the quarter with reduced demand as COVID-19 restrictions in most markets eliminated dine-in services and limited restaurants to carry out delivery only. As we expected, this had a significant negative impact on our second quarter performance, particularly in the EMEA region as most restaurants completely closed. Late in the quarter, we began to see and believe we will continue to see a gradual recovery, which again will vary by market. Quick service restaurants, or QSRs, are recovering quicker, with the rest of the food service building more slowly. In China, QSRs are largely open and traffic has returned to fairly normal levels. Certain markets in the Americas and EMEA, indoor dine-in service are beginning to open on a limited basis and outdoor dining options have reopened. In EMEA, QSRs' delivery and drive-thru options began to resume in June, and they are seeing initial surges in demand. As we begin our third quarter, we are seeing our away-from-home demand beginning to come back. Our restaurant and other food service customers have experienced significant disruption, are adapting their operating model, refining their menu offerings, focusing on core items and exploring alternative ways to drive demand to offset dine-in decline. And we're collaborating with them on their recovery efforts. Our global supply chain has been critical to our success during this period of volatility. It is an area of strength for us, and one of the reasons we will come through this crisis strong. Our global sourcing organization has been a real differentiator, quickly executing contingency plans of placing critical materials where needed since our early involvement in China and ahead of any demand surge. While we, of course, have experienced some raw material constraints, these have had minimal impact on our ability to meet demand. Coming into the crisis, there was more finished good inventory in the system, both for us and our retailers, than there is today. The sustained level of consumer demand, coupled with our added safety and flexibility measures, has put pressure on our manufacturing operations and services stressed in some areas. As we enter our typically largest quarters, we're expanding our workforce and increasing manufacturing capacity to optimize scheduling, investments and partnerships. By the end of the year, we will have added the equivalent of an additional plant of US manufacturing capacity. We have already passed the low points in our ability to meet demand and our service levels are improving weekly. We're positioning ourselves for continued success and confident of our capabilities and our ability to meet demand. I want to thank our supply chain employees for their remarkable effort, as well as our suppliers and customers for their partnership in this challenging operating environment. Given this evolving operating environment, while we recognize we've had strong performance thus far in 2020, we are not providing guidance due to the high level of uncertainty driven by the COVID-19 crisis for the balance of year, including the variation in consumer comfort with respect to eating away from home versus at home and its impact on consumption level, the pacing of restaurant and food service locations fully reopening in our various geographic markets, and finally, the possible impact of any resurgences of the COVID-19 virus. We're focused on execution and remain confident in our ability to perform in this dynamic environment, as we have thus far, and continue on our growth trajectory. I'm incredibly proud of the way McCormick has performed in these unprecedented times. And as the crisis subsides, we will come out a better company for driving our long-term strategies, responding to changing consumer behavior, and capitalizing on opportunities from our relative strength. Now, I'd like to focus on our second quarter performance, business update on consumer, flavor solutions segments. We have a broad and advantaged global flavor portfolio as seen on slide seven, which continues to position us to meet the demand for flavor around the world and grow our business. The breadth and reach of our portfolio across segments, geographies, channels, customers and product offerings creates a balanced portfolio to drive consistency in our performance in a volatile environment, as evidenced by our second quarter results. During the second quarter, the shift in consumer behavior to cooking and eating more at home or at home consumption drove a substantial increase in our consumer segment demand, as well as increases for the packaged food company customers and our flavor solutions segment. On the other hand, we've seen a sharp decline in demand from a restaurant and other food service customers for the away-from-home products in our portfolio, which historically has represented approximately 20% of our total annual company sales. The impact of this shift to more at-home consumption varied by region due to different levels of away-from-home consumption and age. While we may experience temporary disruptions in parts of our business, underlying consumer demand continues to underpin our growth. We're confident that the breadth and reach of our portfolio will continue to differentiate McCormick and position us for continued growth. In addition to our advantaged portfolio, several other key factors, as seen on slide eight, were underlying McCormick's strength in the second quarter. First and foremost, consumers were finding comfort in the brands they trust, and we are here today for them as we have been for over 130 years. We've pivoted our messaging as needed, and are connecting with our consumers to guide them and provide inspiration for their flavorful cooking. We've responded to the significant disruption and capitalizing on our capabilities across the organization, particularly our supply chain, sales force and marketing team, as well as through our collaboration partnerships, both internally and externally. We're all standing together to manage through this crisis. Let me cover the highlights of our second quarter results which speak to the value of our product and to our capabilities as a company. Our exceptional second quarter performance was driven by the substantial increase in demand for our consumer products as consumer saw great tasting experiences with rich, authentic flavor, healthy high quality ingredients, and cooking more at home. Our ability to meet the increased consumer demand and navigate through sharp declines in the away-from-home products in our portfolio highlights our agility in responding to the disruptions we've all experienced, while, importantly, keeping our employees safe. Our results reflect our strong foundation and the effectiveness of our strategies, as well as the engagement of our employees around the world. Together, we delivered considerable sales, operating income, earnings per share growth, each metric grew double digits in constant currency. Starting with the top line, second quarter sales increased 8% from the year-ago period, and constant currency sales grew 10%, mainly attributable to the higher volume of product mix in our consumer segment, partially offset by the sharp volume declines in our flavor solutions segment. Adjusted operating income increased 21%, including a 2% unfavorable impact from currency and adjusted operating margin expanded by 210 basis points. These results were driven by higher sales, favorable mix and savings from our comprehensive continuous improvement program, or CCI. Our second quarter adjusted earnings per share was $1.47, 27% higher than the year-ago period of $1.16, driven primarily by our strong operating performance. Our second quarter results were exceptional, driven by our successful execution and enabled by the positive fundamentals we have in place to manage through this period of volatility. The investments we've made and the capabilities we've built, combined with our strong business model, prepare us to execute from a position of strength. We have confidence in our strategies, our underlying foundation is solid as we remain committed to our long-term growth objectives. Now let me spend a few minutes on our business updates. Starting on slide 10 with our consumer segment. Sales rose 26%, including a 2% unfavorable impact from currency. Constant currency sales grew 28%, significantly fueled by the COVID-19 crisis. Our pricing actions and growth plans were in place, yielding results before the crisis, and those plans have remained in place, although some adjusted and even strengthened to execute in this challenging time that help our consumers and customers navigate through it as well. In the Americas, our IRI data indicates our total McCormick US branded portfolio grew 55% during the second quarter, which is substantial and reflects the strength of our categories as consumers cooked more at home. And in the data just released this past Tuesday, for the week ended June 13, scanner sales for total US McCormick branded portfolio continued to be strong, growing 32%. While we expect consumption will not continue at this highly elevated level of our second quarter, you can see it as still strong, and we expect continued growth from an increase in consumer cooking at home to last for a period of time. Turning to our shipments, in constant currency, the Americas sales grew 36% during the second quarter. The difference between the US IRI scanner sales growth and our shipments can be attributed to a few factors. First, depletion of inventory to meet the incredible surge in consumer demand. Next, an increased level of pricing growth in the scanner data due to cancelled promotions and channel shift. And lastly, while we had significant growth in Canada, Latin America and private label sales, they paced behind the growth rate of US branded sales. Focusing on the US branded portfolio, not only did our consumption grow, but we also gained share in nine out of 11 categories, including spices and seasonings, dry recipe mixes, hot sauce and mustard. The growth rates in the majority of our categories are outpacing the total store center-of-store growth rate. In fact, consumption in our portfolio during the second quarter grew twice the center of store rate. Our categories are not what consumers think about when stocking up. They are the categories consumers used to flavor the meals they cook at home. New and renovated products also contributed to our second quarter sales growth, such as our dry recipe mixes updated for instant pot preparation, offering an even more convenient solution, and our Frank's RedHot thick sauces, introducing Frank's flavor to dipping and topping occasions. Later this year, we'll expand Frank's even further with the launch of frozen appetizers, chicken bites and dips. And earlier this month, we relaunched our Old Bay hot sauce with expanded distribution just in time to heat up the summer. With the retailer focus on keeping core items on retail shelves, there has been some slowdown in the sell-in of our new product launches, but we're excited about the pipeline we will carry into next year. And those that we have launched have gotten exceptional good trial. We're growing our household penetration across our portfolio, with a 16% increase compared to last year, which is millions of new households gained and a significant amount of trials from those households was across multiple categories. Spices and seasonings, dry recipe mixes and hot sauce had the biggest gain. But even smaller brands like Simply Asia grew significantly. And our rate of repeat buyers increased 11% during the quarter, which is notable given that our repeat rate was already very robust. During the quarter, we launched our new US McCormick brand advertising campaign  "It's Going to be Great"  which is the strongest scoring campaign in our consumer testing history. This TV and digital campaign is focused on consumer education of what to make, how to prepare and build confidence in the kitchen, which is all even more relevant now as consumers cook more at home. We continued to design targeted media messaging to focus on cooking at home and drive-thru. We're planning to increase our brand marketing investment in the second half of this year. The speed and agility we gained with our marketing excellence organization has proved invaluable as we turn insight into action and can pivot to adjust our messaging even more efficiently and effectively to capture the moment. The team has rapidly generated insights, creating and deploying new videos and tutorials that range from easy weeknight meals using pantry staples, bread making and cocktails for virtual happy hour. This is critical to execute our plan to create deeper connections with our consumers by bridging their physical and digital experience, which is even more important today with consumers accelerating their online presence. Our consumers are looking for help and inspiration in the kitchen and we're here for them, with one of the ways being our Flavor Maker app. Organic search visits to our McCormick.com site were up over 200% in the second quarter versus last year, with consumers 18 to 34 years old driving the largest increase, searching for recipes and to learn to cook. The younger generation continues to fuel the demand for flavor, and we're executing some creative ways to connect with them. We're personalizing our interactions with consumers. As we have been all home together, our McCormick chefs invited consumers into their home kitchen for a new Cook With Us Instagram series, enabling one to one connection and putting a true face to McCormick. Consumers are tagging McCormick with posts of their user-generated content and we're engaging with them, including incorporating some of their content into our own ad, and providing users a chance to win a personal virtual cooking class with one of our chefs. And finally, it is essential to McCormick to support our communities, particularly at times of uncertainty. Our marketing and excellence organization has had tremendous success with their creativity and applied it recently to not only connect with consumers, but to make a difference in their lives. Today, we partnered with actress Drew Barrymore, and together hosted a virtual Taco Tuesday night called #TacosTogether in the hopes of encouraging others to augment McCormick's $1 million donation and support the No Kid Hungry campaign, working to ensure children have reliable access to food during this ongoing pandemic. #TacosTogether garnered over 800 million impressions across the media landscape, exceeding our own expectations of our reach, and importantly, creating visibility to this vital cause. Overall, we're confident all the initiatives we have underway will continue our growth trajectory, both with our valued existing consumers and those we're welcoming to our brand. Now, turning to EMEA, our constant currency sales rose 26%, with broad-based growth across the region and market share gains in a majority of our categories in our significant markets. Growth in our Vahin brand in France was excellent, led by vanilla and baking product. Urban spice consumption was strong in all markets, driven by consumers cooking more at home to discovering they need our product for great tasting, healthy flavor solution. The UK dry mix recipe mix category is attracting new shoppers, and purchase frequency is increasing as consumers seek convenient solutions. And our new products are driving the category growth, with the Schwartz brand continuing to gain share and retaining the leading positions we achieved last quarter. Our new product plans remain on track for the year across our EMEA portfolio, and we continue to work closely with our customers to ensure that elevated consumer demand will be met, even obtaining incremental placement for our branded portfolio with some retailers as other manufacturers face supply challenges. Our strong brand marketing campaigns and digital connections with the consumer contributed to our second quarter growth and provided us with confidence for future growth early in the quarter, which quickly shifted to increased digital advertising, search and social investments across key brands and markets using data-driven, real-time insights. For example, we created a social listening dashboard to understand the changing needs and topics most relevant to our consumers during the COVID-19 crisis. With baking being the highest trending topic during the crisis, we partnered with culinary websites to capitalize on over 600 pieces of user-generated baking at home social content to increase our interaction with consumers. [indiscernible] even further relevance, we created cooking at home website sections with health and wellness landing pages, including healthy recipes blogger content, combined with content from our BuzzFeed partnership highlighting recipes and our product. For example, the 13 herbs and spices everyone should have in their cover. Our execution of these baking and health campaigns drove over 20 million impressions each during the quarter. Moving forward, we'll continue to capture the momentum we've gained and our relevance with EMEA consumers through activation of similar programs, marketing campaigns, highlighting product superiority, culinary partnerships and our new product launches. In the Asia-Pacific region, our constant currency sales declined 13%, driven by our China business in the Hubei province where our Wuhan operation is located, which had an extended lockdown into early April. The Wuhan disruption negatively impacted the APZ consumer growth by 26 percentage points. Declines in branded food service products, which are included in our consumer segment in China, outside of Wuhan also contributed to the sales decrease. Excluding these impacts, sales for the region would have increased, reflecting the increase in consumer demand across the region related to the increase in cooking at home. In China, the consumer business outside of Hubei province is strong, with some products in our condiment portfolio doubling or tripling their sales for the second quarter of last year. Convenient solutions are being sought by consumers, driving growth of our recipe mixes, World Flavor hot pot sauces, as well as herbs and spices. And we're leveraging our new product successes on our direct-to-consumer platform and accelerating our new product launches, such as launching our squeezable healthy oil salad dressings, retailed during our third quarter. In other parts of the region which are lagging China from a recovery phase, we have broad-based growth and are gaining share in many categories. Across the entire region, we're also leading the consumer online and have pivoted our marketing plans for value and scratch cooking. Whether it be through our Frank's RedHot Tick Tock Fitness Challenge in China, our chefs providing inspiration and instruction on social media across the region, or through our Keep Calm and Curry On campaign in Australia, we're helping our consumers in augmenting the growth potential of the shift to cooking at home. In all regions, consumers' digital engagement has increased significantly during stay at home period, and we've seen an acceleration of our e-commerce growth in all categories, with second quarter triple-digit growth, whether it be pure play, click and collect or our own direct-to-consumer property in all of our major markets. We expect to shift to online shopping behavior to continue and we're well positioned for it through the investments we've made and continue to make in this channel. Our consumer portfolio and the plans we have in place are even more relevant today than they were before the crisis if we expect the increase in at home cooking to continue, which further bolsters our confidence that we will drive future growth. Turning to slide 12, in our flavor solutions segment, constant currency sales for the second quarter were lower by 16%, driven by the sharp declines in demand from restaurants and other food service customers, as away-from-home dining was significantly curtailed due to the COVID-19 restrictions, with a partial offset from continued growth in sales to our packaged food customers. Notwithstanding the COVID-19 impact, our underlying foundation is solid, and we've delivered strong sales growth margin expansion over the last few years, most recently 5% sales growth in the first quarter of this year and believe we would have continued our positive momentum. In the Americas, our sales declined 13% in constant currency. While we experienced demand declines across both branded food service and restaurant customers, branded food service had a more significant impact as our away-from-home customer base in the Americas does skew more to that channel and our quick service restaurant customers retain takeaway and delivery options, although with limited menus. In flavor solutions, we're differentiated by our customer engagement. And while our plans always included strengthening our intimacy this year, they were accelerated with some pivot by the COVID-19 crisis. Through our culinary and marketing support, we've been helping our customers adapt to the changing environment and eventually the new normal. From a culinary standpoint, we've developed virtual tools and are collaborating with our customers to provide solutions, such as modifying menus for carry-out, reinventing menu offerings with limited inventory, and optimizing recipes for COVID-19 safety protocols. And from a marketing perspective, we're leveraging the power of our brands, like Frank's RedHot and OLD BAY with strong promotional programs to help build menu excitement. Lastly, as many places will be moving away from tabletop condiments, we're pivoting to portion control packaging for dining and carryout. We're also exploring other options to expand our portion control offering further. In EMEA, where we had expected the most significant rate of decline from the COVID-19 measures, our sales were 31%, lower at constant currency than last year. Our away-from-home customer base in this region skewed more to QSR. And in late March, most of those customers completely closed the restaurant, not even drive-thru or carryout remained open. As I mentioned earlier, many of the QSRs adapted their model to reopen in June, offering limited menus for delivery and drive-thru, while dine-in remained close. They've established aggressive recovery plans, and we're demonstrating our speed and agility, scaling our operations back up and meeting customer demand on an accelerated timetable. In the Asia-Pacific region, due to the COVID-19 lockdowns, closures and the curfews across the region outside of China, our constant currency sales declined 6%. China QSRs are largely open, and we're seeing momentum gain, with one QSR even launching a limited time offer which added to our sales this quarter. Across the rest of the region, government COVID-19 measures varied, as well as customers' ability to adapt. Where QSRs remained open in some capacity, the focus was on core items. For the balance of the year, we expect a reduced level from last year for our customers' limited time offers, which are an important growth driver in this region. Moving forward, we'll continue to work with all our customers to manage through the recovery phase as COVID-19 measures are lessened as strong and differentiated partnerships we built with our customers enabled our robust collaboration to navigate through the second quarter, we will continue to do so. We expect there will be a gradual recovery. As I mentioned earlier, the QSRs will recover more rapidly, with the rest of food service building more slowly. Based on this, combined with our different mix of quick service restaurants and other food service customers between the regions, we believe the pace of recovery of the away-from-home part of our business will vary from market to market. We're fully committed to helping all of our customers resume their operations, and expect the demand to return as the crisis passes, similar to what we're seeing in China's recovery. The duration of this current period is uncertain. The slow and evolving recovery process is dependent on many factors, including restrictions being lifted, venues fully reopening, and possible resurgences. We have positive fundamentals in place to manage through this period of volatility. And with our confidence in the successful execution of our strategies, we'll continue on our long-term growth trajectory in flavor solution. Now, I'd like to provide a few summary comments as seen on slide 13 before turning it over to Mike. At the foundation of our sales growth is the global and growing consumer demand for healthy, flavorful cooking, as well as transparency around the source and quality of ingredients and the desire to buy heritage brands. This resonates even more today than ever before. Flavor continues to be an advantaged global category and we inspire flavor exploration across all markets through all channels that are aligned with consumers' demand for great taste, convenience, healthy options, digital engagement. Our alignment with these long-term trends, our breadth and reach and our execution of effective strategies position us well to meet increased consumer demand, both through our product and through our customers' product to drive sales growth. These long-term behaviors have not only remained intact during the crisis, but have been accelerated to even greater importance. No matter what, where or when people are eating and drinking, it is likely flavored by McCormick, and we are proud our McCormick brands are trusted by consumers and customers worldwide. We are continuing to drive sales growth, balanced with our focus on lowering costs to expand margin, and sustainably realize earnings growth. We have a solid foundation. And in an environment that continues to be dynamic and fast paced, we're ensuring we remain agile, relevant and focused on long-term sustainable growth. Our experienced leaders and employees are executing on our strategies, which are designed to build long-term value for our shareholders, while reacting to changes accordingly. We delivered exceptional second quarter results during a period of great disruption, proving the strength of our business model. Our strategies are effective and reinforcing our confidence that they will continue to drive future growth. While we know the balance of the year will be impacted by an uncertain environment and ongoing challenges, we're confident in the strength of our underlying foundation and performance. I want to recognize McCormick employees around the world for driving our momentum and success, and thank them for their efforts, engagement and for adapting to this new environment. Thank you for your attention. And it is now my pleasure to turn it over to Mike.
Michael Smith: Thanks, Lawrence. And good morning, everyone. I'll begin now by providing some additional comments on our second quarter performance, and then discuss some of our expectations for the balance of the year. Starting on slide 15, during the second quarter, sales rose 10% in constant currency. Sales growth was driven by substantially higher volume and mix in our consumer segment, offset by significant declines in our flavor solutions segment. The consumer segment sales grew 28% in constant currency, led by the Americas and EMBA region. The shift to at home consumption and cooking more at home has driven substantial demand for our consumer products. Higher volume and mix primarily drove the increase, with pricing to partially offset cost inflation also contributing. On slide 16, consumer segment sales in the Americas increased 36% in constant currency versus the second quarter of 2019. The increase was broad based, with significant growth across the McCormick branded portfolio, both in major channels and e-commerce as well as in private label products. Additionally, the pricing actions we took late in the first quarter to offset increased costs also contributed to the growth. In EMEA, constant currency consumer sales grew 26% from a year ago, with higher volume and mix in all countries across the region. The most significant growth drivers were our Vahin homemade dessert products in France, our Schwartz and Ducros branded spices and seasonings and our Schwartz dry recipe mixes. Consumer sales in Asia-Pacific declined 13% in constant currency, driven by the extended disruption in Wuhan, which as Lawrence mentioned drove a decrease of 26 percentage points to the region's consumer sales. This decline was partially offset by increased consumer demand across the region, led by condiments in China and broad-based Australia growth, as well as strong e-commerce growth. Turning to our flavor solutions segment and slide 19, second quarter constant currency sales decreased 16%, reflecting declines in the away-from-home products in our portfolio across all regions. In the Americas, flavor solutions constant currency sales declined 13%, driven by significantly lower sales to branded thru service customers, in addition to quick service restaurants. Partially offsetting the decline were increased sales to packaged food companies and pricing to offset cost increase. In EMEA, constant currency sales declined 31%. The decline was driven by a significant reduction in sales to quick service restaurant customers, in addition to lower branded thru service sales, partially offset by sales growth with packaged food companies and pricing to offset cost increases. In the Asia-Pacific region, flavor solution sales declined 6% in constant currency. The decline was primarily driven by the COVID-19 related lockdowns and closures in countries outside of China. As seen on slide 23, adjusted operating income, which excludes special charges, increased 21% in the second quarter versus the year-ago period. In constant currency, adjusted operating income grew by 23% and was driven by substantial growth in the consumer segment, partially offset by a significant decline in the flavor solutions segment. Adjusted operating income in the consumer segment grew 68% to $232 million. The increase in constant currency of 70% was driven by higher sales and CCI-led cost savings. In the flavor solutions segment, adjusted operating income declined 63% to $29 million or 61% in constant currency. The decrease was attributable to lower sales and an unfavorable impact to manufacturing cost, resulting from lower production volumes, with the partial offset of CCI-led cost savings. Gross profit margin expanded 230 basis points in the second quarter versus the year-ago period, driven primarily by favorable product mix, resulting from the sale shift between segments and CCI-led cost savings, with a partial offset from higher manufacturing costs. Adjusted operating margin expanded by 210 basis points, driven by the gross margin expansion. Turning to income taxes on slide 25. Our second quarter adjusted effective income tax rate was 18% and was favorably impacted by discrete tax items, primarily related to refinements to our entity structure. Our rate in the year-ago period was 18.9%, and was also favorably impacted by discrete tax items, principally stock options exercises. Income from unconsolidated operations was $10 million in the second quarter, a 7% increase from the second quarter of 2019. At the bottom line, as shown on slide 27, second quarter 2020 adjusted earnings per share was $1.47 as compared to $1.16 for the year-ago period. The increase was driven by a higher adjusted operating income performance and lower interest expense. This increase also includes an unfavorable impact from foreign currency exchange rates. On slide 28, we summarize highlights for cash flow and the quarter-end balance sheet. Our cash flow provided from operations was $356 million through the second quarter of 2020, a 13% increase compared to $314 million in the first half of 2019, and was driven by higher net income. We continue to see improvements in our cash conversion cycle, finishing the second quarter at 36 days, down 6 days versus our 2019 fiscal year-end. We are projecting another year of strong cash flow. We returned $165 million of cash to shareholders through dividends and used $87 million for capital expenditures this period. In April, we raised $500 million through the issuance of a 10-year bond, with a 2.5% interest rate. We took the opportunity in a low interest rate environment to further bolster our liquidity position in a volatile marketplace. Our priority is to continue to have a balanced use of cash, making investments to drive growth, including through acquisitions, returning a significant portion to our shareholders through dividends and to pay down debt. Let's now move to our outlook discussion and some of our expectations for the balance of the year as seen on slide 29. As a reminder, we withdrew the guidance that we issued in January during our first quarter earnings call in late March and we expected to resume guidance on this earnings call. While we recognize we have had strong performance thus far in 2020, we still have our typically largest quarters remaining, and there continues to be a high level of uncertainty around the pace and shape of the COVID-19 recovery and potential resurgences of the pandemic, as Lawrence mentioned. We've been running scenarios based on various assumptions. And given the wide range of possible outcomes, we are not providing guidance at this time. I would like to, however, highlight some current expectations that provide assumptions that help with modeling for the balance of the year. First, we expect the shift in consumer consumption will continue and the increased preference for cooking at home will be sustained, although not at the same elevated level as the second quarter, favorably impacting our consumer sector. In the flavor solutions segment, we expect the demand from our packaged food customers to return to the pre-COVID-19 levels, with continued variability by customer. We believe the away-from-home part of our flavor solutions portfolio is beginning to recover. We expect the performance to rebound gradually throughout the second half of the year. However, not returning to the same level as last year. As discussed in our previous earnings call, we continue to project the COVID-19 impact to China will reduce our total global net sales by 1% to 2% for the year. We continue to expect mid-single digit inflationary pressures, CCI savings of approximately $105 million and a mid-single digit increase in brand marketing investment. In the first half of the year, our gross margin was favorably impacted by a higher mix of consumer segment sales. We do expect this mix shift to continue, but not to the same extent in the second half of the year. We realized incremental COVID-19 costs in the second quarter and expect them to continue in the second half of the year, more heavily weighted in the third quarter rather than the fourth quarter. We are anticipating a negative impact on our full year financial results from foreign exchange rates. And finally, our income from unconsolidated operations is expected to be significantly impacted by the unfavorable foreign currency rates. And as a result, we are projecting a high to mid-single digit decline. As Lawrence mentioned, we are focused on execution and are ready to perform in this dynamic environment as we have done thus far, no matter what the scenario. We are confident that we will manage through this period of volatility and continue on our growth trajectory. I'd like to now turn it back to Lawrence for some additional remarks before we move to your questions.
Lawrence Kurzius: Thanks, Mike. Now that Mike has shared our financial results and 2020 expectations in more detail, I'd like to recap the key takeaways as seen on slide 30. Our second quarter played out during an extraordinary period, and our results speak to the value of our product and to our capabilities as a company. Our ability to execute during the volatility of the quarter highlights our agility, strong foundation and engagement of our people. We will emerge a stronger company by focusing on our long-term strategies, responding to the changing consumer behavior and capitalizing on global and growing consumer trends, which are further accelerated during the crisis. We're confident in our ability to perform in this dynamic environment and continue on our growth trajectory. Our commitment to our long-term financial objectives has not changed. We're sustainably positioned for growth and will continue to deliver differentiated results. Now, let's turn to your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Please state your questions.
Andrew Lazar: Good morning, everybody.
Lawrence Kurzius: Hey, good morning, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar: Hi, there. Thanks for the question. On the outlook slide for the balance of the year, we talked about expecting elevated consumer segment demand for a period of time. And yet, the sales to the packaged food players within your flavor solutions business to return to pre-COVID-19 levels. And on the face of it, those two would seem maybe a little contradictory because if elevated demand in your branded business  would think we'd see elevated demand to other packaged food customers as well. Is it something with your customer mix maybe in terms of those customers in flavor solutions? Or is there potentially a little conservatism there if the broader sort of consumer packaged food landscape remains somewhat elevated on an ongoing basis, if you see what I'm getting at?
Lawrence Kurzius: I do see exactly what you're getting at, Andrew. And by the way, for you and for all of the participants on the call, we're sitting here with face masks on. And so, if we're a little bit muffled and hard to understand, please let us know and we'll try to speak up. The mix of customers within that sector is one of the factors. And there is a tremendous variability between our different customers, some of whom are still up solid double-digits and others who are down. For each one of them, there's a story that goes along with that. For some, they are also impacted by sales to food service and convenience store channel that have been depressed and are not up to current performance. Some of them are beverage manufacturers who will also have sales cut across both the at home and away from home channel. And many say, if not all, have curtailed some of their innovation and focus on a core group of items in order to meet the demand from the retail side of the business, which has also, in some cases, contributed to an impact on us. We did see an initial big surge from those customers during the during the stock up period and as they adjusted their supply chains, but we've seen that steadily settle as we've gone through the quarter. So, we do expect that to gradually return to a more normal rate. Also, I'll add, Andrew, that one of the things that's different about McCormick versus the rest of the industry is that, for most of our products, herbs, spices, seasonings, condiments like mustard and Frank's RedHot, it doesn't matter whether the consumer cooked the product at home or if they purchased it at a restaurant through takeaway. And part of the new normal for food service broadly is going to be a greater proportion of it being for a drive-thru takeaway away from premise consumption. And Frank's doesn't care if your bought it at home or if you cooked it at home.
Andrew Lazar: Well, that Frank's thick buffalo ranch sauce, I can tell you, is being consumed like it's water with my college age son here at home.
Lawrence Kurzius: Thank you. We appreciate every package.
Andrew Lazar: Great salad dressing too.
Lawrence Kurzius: The trial we've gotten on the new products we've launched has really been one of the long-term benefits that we've gotten from the crisis.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thanks, everybody.
Lawrence Kurzius: Thanks, Andrew.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Ken Goldman with JP Morgan. Please proceed with your question.
Ken Goldman: Hi, good morning. Thank you.
Lawrence Kurzius: Hi, Ken.
Ken Goldman: Hey, guys. Two from me. One, you talked about  I think the phrase you said was canceled promotions. Many companies we talk to are talking about promotions being delayed to the back half of the year. You used the word canceled. It may just be semantics, but I was just curious if you feel those promotions will not necessarily come back in the back half of the year. So, I just wanted to get your color on what you're seeing from the environment on the deal space, from deal bag space. And then, the second question for Mike. Mike, you talked about the tax rate benefiting from entity structure refinements in the slides. Can you just give us a little more color on what those are and how they might affect your tax rate going ahead? Thank you.
Lawrence Kurzius: Hi, Ken. I'll take the first part of that on the promotional activity, and I will gladly let Mike go over the tax question. I want to make sure that we're really clear on this point. We're definitely leaning into our brands through this crisis. Our brand building activity through our engagement with consumers, our advertising through traditional channels or through social and digital marketing has not only not been curtailed, but we've ramped those up. Consumers are very interested in cooking right now and we want to take advantage of that interest, get as much trial on our brands as possible, and it's part of us coming out of this as a stronger company. The promotional matters are a little bit different. Now, with a huge surge in demand, we've had to try to manage that demand. And so, curtailing our promotions and, in some cases, canceling promotions has been part of managing through that huge surge in demand. We have, in our US business, had a sustained surge in  growth in demand. I don't really want to call it a surge because it's not pantry loading. It's consumption. Over 50% across the quarter. And there just wasn't that much slack in our supply chain. So, we did, working with our customers, curtail promotions. And in some cases, they are genuinely canceled. We cannot go back and repeat the Memorial Day grilling promotions. That we can't. Those aren't going to happen. We are in a stronger, I'd say, supply position today, and we are reinstating our promotional activities. I would say, through May, we largely suspended trade promotion activity.
Ken Goldman: Thank you for that.
Michael Smith: From a tax perspective, Ken, just to take you back, our underlying tax rate globally is about 24% to 25%. And it really goes up and down based on geographic mix. So, we do give you when we have visibility to discrete items, such as some of these legal restructurings we do, as we talked about earlier in January, even though it's underlying 24% to 25%, we said for the year to be around 22% because of some of the things we're doing. As a global company, through a lot of our global entities, we've been built through acquisitions. And as you make acquisitions globally, there's tax strategies that happen later on to take advantage of losses/gains around the world. So, we have a great tax team that works on these things. And you could probably teach a college class on this stuff, but it's very complicated. But it's really taking advantage of some of the global infrastructure we have. And we give you insight when we know those things can happen.
Lawrence Kurzius: Ken, before we
Ken Goldman: Yeah, sorry.
Lawrence Kurzius: Go ahead. Did you have any follow-up on the tax question because I want to come back to promotion for a second?
Ken Goldman: I hate to say I do. But I do. Just really quickly, Mike. I guess the implication is we should not be modeling anything necessarily unusual going ahead in terms of a reversal on that.
Michael Smith: No, definitely not. No. 100% no.
Ken Goldman: Right. Right.
Lawrence Kurzius: Hey, Ken. Just one more point on the promotion. So, the lift that we're seeing in Nielsen and IRI and the share gains are coming in spite of curtailment of promotion. I just want to put that point out there.
Ken Goldman: Yes. Very helpful. Thank you, gentlemen.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Lawrence Kurzius: Hey, good morning, Rob.
Robert Moskow: Good morning. Thanks for the question. I was hoping you could zero in a little more on the inventory deloading that you saw in US retail. You mentioned that as one of the factors explaining the discrepancy between consumption growth and shipments. Do you have any sense of how many weeks of inventory you're down versus normal? And what's the plan for the back half of the year? Are you going to try to reinstate inventory levels back to normal? Or is it just kind of like hand to mouth for a while? Thanks.
Lawrence Kurzius: I'm going to say that, first of all, this reduction in inventory is not a plan by the retailer. The supply chain has been challenged to keep up with the surge in demand. It's been a challenge for us primarily on manufacturing capacity in the Americas. And it's been a challenging time for the retailers because of the surge in demand and their ability to actually receive product. And for a good part of this quarter, they were prioritizing things like paper products and sanitation products, which are pretty bulky, all of their time and ability to receive. It hasn't always allowed us to replenish inventory. But we're estimating at least there's a one week delay between the purchase and the restock signal. So, it's certainly at least a week that's been taken out of trade inventories. And retailers, definitely, are wanting to get in better supply. You can see it in the scan data. The points of distribution are down. That's reflecting in out of stock situations. We want to get that replenished and we're working towards that. Our ability to service this demand was really good in the initial weeks. But as it continued at a sustained rate, it really dipped as we went through May. And we took a lot of steps to initially expand just our logistics capabilities and capacity to meet the surge in demand and then shifted  and as we debottleneck that, our manufacturing capacity became a pressure point. So, we've taken steps to add workforce. We have optimized the schedules. And really by the fourth quarter, we'll either be 24/7 or 24/5 in all of our facilities, not just in the US, but around the world. We've made some short-term capital investments of our blending capacity. And we've brought on, frankly, some more comanufacturer as strategic partners in order to meet the surge in demand. So, we're really past the low point in our ability to service the customers which we hit right around the end of the quarter and our service has been improving week by week since then. And we think we're going to be in good position to meet the demand. And this inventory will be restored to the system, which they'll be a driver of some volume growth in the rest of the year, but the real key is just what happens with consumer demand and how strong is that strong preference for cooking at home continues for the rest of the year.
Robert Moskow: And if I can ask a follow-up to that, is it time of year right now where you start talking to retailers about merchandising for the holiday season? And what would you normally tell them that would be different this time versus what you might have told them in the past?
Lawrence Kurzius: Yeah, that conversation is ongoing right now because, of course, retailers are concerned about supply for the holiday season. Right now, we believe that we're going to be in a good position to meet the fourth quarter demand that is very strong. And that's what we're guiding our retailers to.
Michael Smith: The good news, Rob, is our holiday items tend to be longer runs and more efficient for us to produce. It's a different set than being produced now. So, that gets us some opportunity there.
Robert Moskow: Got it. Well, lots of cinnamon. All right, thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Alexia Howard with Bernstein. Please proceed with your question.
Alexia Howard: Good morning, everyone.
Lawrence Kurzius: Good morning,
Alexia Howard: Hi there. Okay, so two questions. Firstly, given that a consumer would only use a little out of a full spice jar to make a single meal, what gives you the confidence that we won't see a sharp slowdown in sales in consumer once those shoppers are fully stocked up on the range of different spices that they need for their repertoire of recipes for cooking from scratch? I guess I'm asking, could there be a temporary one-time cliff at some point? And then, my second question is, more broadly, given Dr. Fauci's recent comments about how chronic health conditions have contributed to the disproportionate impact of COVID-19 on the African-Americans community in the US, how are you thinking about systemic issues like food deserts or food apartheid and the role that McCormick and the food system more broadly can play in addressing these problems of racial injustice? Thank you.
Lawrence Kurzius: Two very different questions. And the last question has a number of different facets to it. So, I'm going to try to tackle both of those. First of all, many of our products are single use. A big part of the surge in demand that we're seeing is from our dry recipe mixes, for example, which would be a single use product or wet marinades or single use. And just the sheer level of increase in cooking says that consumers are going through their spice supply. We've had a very high level of repeat purchase even during the second quarter. So, consumers  we're getting certainly new trial, but we've had an 11% increase in repeat buyer rate at the same time that we've had a 16% increase in household penetration. And if you know how that works, usually when your penetration goes up, your repeat rate goes down for a period of time because they're bringing in lighter users. There's a high level of usage. And we don't see any evidence at all that consumers have built inventory in their pantries. It's just not a stock up category. We're a usage category. People are worried that they're going to run out of cinnamon, and so they buy three bottles, the way they might buy three packs of toilet paper. And so, we believe that consumers are buying for their immediate use and consumption. And we do not believe that there's going to be any kind of consumer need to destock. And I'll go even further out on that. But our own survey data because we're doing weekly tracker with consumers shows that most consumers only have a week or two of food on hand. And so, they're not stocked up on [Technical Difficulty] food. And the question of food deserts and healthful eating and social justice, I want to  I could make a speech on this and I actually have quite a few times. I'll try not to make too big a speech out of it. But first of all, our portfolio is generally advantaged in terms of health and wellness. Most of the products that we sell are inherently good for you. Herbs and spices, for example. And are either low or no in things like salt, sugar and fat. And they're available at a full range of price points and we sell in all channels. So, we're really widely accessible to people and whatever their income level or wherever they're, located. And even where they can't get to a store, our e-commerce and digital efforts allow access to delivery directly to their home. And the fact in economically hard times also, we tend to outperform just shows that our products are valued. As we've gone through this crisis, we've always supported food banks. As we've gone through this crisis, we've supported food banks in about 20 countries, and we introduced restaurant relief funds in cities like Baltimore and New Orleans, where we have significant operations ourselves and where those industries are meaningful employers and [Technical Difficulty] suffering. And our total support of food-related charities during this crisis has been about $2 million. We've made a billion dollar pledge early on, but we've potentially exceeded that pledge. Now, Alexia, there's a much broader issue of social justice, systemic racism. And McCormick I believe is one of the good guys on this issue. One of our foundational principles as a company is to empower people. And we're founded on the principle of respect for the individual and have longstanding programs to make sure that underrepresented groups have full opportunities for professional fulfillment within the company. And I think we set first internally an example with women and minorities and LGBTQ employees and other underrepresented groups to make sure that they are represented in McCormick leadership, all the way up to our very diverse Board of Directors, which includes four women, two blacks, one North African and a Latina. And we've been well recognized externally for this. We're one of the Diversity Inc.'s top 50 in terms of employment opportunities for minority and women and other underrepresented groups. The second thing is that we've spoken out publicly and have really taken some public stance that have generated some not always favorable response back to me personally. But we've taken public stance, both internal and external messages from the company and from me personally against racism, discrimination, injustice and explicitly in support of Black Lives Matter. So, we have spoken out on this issue. And beyond speaking, it's important to have action. We have strong development programs for women, especially in the US minorities, and we've committed incremental funding to combat racial injustice, provide food and healthcare  back to your original question  and other essential services to the black community. I hope that's a fulsome answer. And I'd be happy to follow up with you.
Alexia Howard: Appreciate it. Thank you very much and hope to catch up soon. Thank you.
Lawrence Kurzius: Thanks, Alexia.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Faiza Alwy with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your questions.
Faiza Alwy: Yes. Hi. Good morning. So, I wanted to first just follow-up on the supply chain. I think you had mentioned in your prepared remarks that there were some raw materials where you're seeing some pressure. So, just wanted to get more color on that. And then, I have a follow up.
Lawrence Kurzius: Great. I'll be glad to say, first of all, I don't want to create a misperception. And so, I'm really glad you asked that question. I think that global sourcing has actually been one of the bright spots for us and has been a real differentiator that has enabled us to win through this situation. We have very thoroughly insight into  that sourcing might be a pressure point because of our operations in Wuhan, so we saw this crisis coming right at the beginning. And we began developing contingency plans and alternative sourcing all the way back in January. And I think we spoke about this on our year-end call and in some subsequent media the first week of February. So, this has been a real win for us. Any supply chain in any industry would have been challenged going through this, and so there have been a rolling series of challenges. But I will say that our ability to source raw materials and packaging has not had a material impact on our service, and we think that we're very much advantaged in this area.
Michael Smith: As we've talked in the past, we source over 14,000 raw materials and packaging items globally. And as Lawrence said, we really have not had any significant shortages in sales due to that.
Lawrence Kurzius: Scale is an advantage in this. We're really the only  I would say only company with the scale to be able to have the resources on the ground in the actual sourcing areas for some of these raw materials, especially the most important ones. And that has proven invaluable and we've been able to work locally with local suppliers in emerging markets where many of our raw materials come from, work with local suppliers, local logistics and local authorities to keep our raw materials flowing.
Michael Smith: When you see headlines like when the COVID hit in India they're shutting down the country, our global supply chains is able to work with those people to get our product out. So, they've done a great job.
Lawrence Kurzius: Yeah.
Faiza Alwy: Okay, great. And then, just the new US capacity addition that you had talked about, I'm curious if this is something that you had planned on doing that you were able to accelerate into this year. And I guess, the real underlying question, how are you thinking about long-term demand? Outside of just what's happening with COVID right now and the lap next year, do you think you're creating sort of a new generation of people who enjoy cooking or have at least gotten comfortable with it? Just your perspective around long-term demand would be helpful?
Lawrence Kurzius: Yes. Well, on the supply chain side, I'll take that part first, we did not anticipate that we would have this much growth in demand this year. So, the things that we're doing in our US  particularly in our US manufacturing to create additional capacity are all new things that we're doing in response to an incredible situation. We do have a long-term capital plan. We do actually have spoken externally
Michael Smith: We were talking at CAGNY about it.
Lawrence Kurzius: Exactly. And for the past three years, our real focus, I think from a capital standpoint, has been building our capacity and capabilities in Asia and other emerging markets. Beginning this year, we were pivoting back to Western Europe and the US specifically. And so, we do have a number of big projects underway and this will only accelerate our thinking in that space. As far as the demand creation goes, right now, we really believe that consumers are going to continue to cook at home more for an extended period of time, which is going to be constructive to our growth. And further, the new normal for restaurants is going to involve more takeout consumption at home, as I mentioned in the earlier question. And that's also going to be constructive for our consumer brands of herbs, spices, seasonings, and condiments. The gains that we're getting in share of household penetration, which, by the way, translates to millions of new households, and the increased repeat rate that we're seeing all say that consumers are trying our brands and like them enough to buy them again, and they're clearly having good experiences that for many of them are going to be the new habit. Everybody's been cooking at home more and found it to be easy, fun and economical.
Faiza Alwy: Perfect, thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Chris Growe with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Lawrence Kurzius: Hey, Chris.
Faiza Alwy: Hello. Good morning. Thank you. Appreciate the time this morning and all the color you've given. I just want to ask, first of all, two I think pretty easy questions. Have you rationalized your SKUs during this time? Are you focusing more on those core items? And then, what has that done to shelf space, was one of my questions? And then, the second question was just the COVID-related costs in the quarter. And I think you'd indicated they're going to be peaking in the third quarter. Does that mean they're higher than second quarter in Q3? And then, kind of how to think about, if you can, that level of cost overall?
Lawrence Kurzius: I'll take the first part of that and let Mike speak to the COVID costs. But in terms of SKUs, we have prioritized our top selling SKUs in order to maximize our throughput and service to the customer, which has meant that there's a group of, call them, secondary SKUs that have  where we've either suspended production or have just had to curtail production to more as available basis that we needed to do that to give us a longer runs on the on top seller. Again, we've done that in cooperation with retailers. As our capacity grows, we're adding those back. But we did do some SKU management. Now, I'd say one of the learnings that we got going through this, and which our retailers have gotten as well, is that SKU rationalization does bring some benefit in terms of efficiency and reduction of complexity. And so, I think that coming out of this, some of these SKUs will probably not ever put back into service and many retailers are also taking a look at their assortment and will probably carry a lower assortment going forward. I think they're also not just evaluating new SKUs, they're evaluating the brands that they carry. I think that retailers are going to want to simplify that business. And they're finding that some of the small brands that they were carrying had unnecessary duplication and complexity and justifying it aren't worth it. I think that contributes to the share gain that we're seeing. I think this is going to give us a lot more traction than second half of the year, particularly with our category management initiatives and the aisle reinvention program that we set for herbs and spices. Mike, do you want to take?
Michael Smith: Hey, Chris. On the COVID costs, we estimate we're going to spend in the $30 million range from a cost of goods sold perspective for the year. It really splits between the second and third quarter. We don't see a lot in the fourth quarter. All that's pretty uncertain now, depending on how long COVID lasts. But I would just think the second and third quarter would be the biggest expense for things like essential pay we've had for our essential workers in the plants and DCs, paid leave, all the PPE we've had to buy, some small inventory write-offs. But think about a second, third quarter impact.
Faiza Alwy: And just to be clear on that, Mike, there was a comment about 3Q being larger than 4Q, but does that necessarily mean that 3Q is larger than 2Q or is 2Q sort of the highest level of the year and then they're kind of still higher, but lower in Q3?
Michael Smith: I think they're roughly the same.
Faiza Alwy: Okay. Great. I appreciate all the color. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Peter Galbo from Bank of America.
Peter Galbo: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Just one for me. Mike, in the press release this morning, there was quite a bit of discussion around just fixed cost leverage and deleverage associated with the higher and lower volumes in the two kind of parent segments. I guess, just is there any way to dimension for us how much of the margin improvement or the deleverage was due to that fixed cost leverage as we think about it going forward? The volumes will obviously still be up in consumer, but maybe not as much. And that could help us from a modeling perspective on the margins.
Michael Smith: Peter, you've read the book by Charles Dickens The Tale of Two Cities. This is really the tale of two segments. From a consumer perspective, obviously, with this huge volume increases, we've got a lot of great fixed leverage. On the other side, flavor solutions, we did not. For the company, it was really not that positive overall. What you're seeing at the gross margin line, a good  over half of that increase is due to the segment mix as consumer has higher margins than flavor solutions at the gross margin line and the operating margin line. It all depends on  over the next six months  what happens with that consumer demand and flavor solutions demand, but it was not a significant impact overall for the company from a fixed leverage perspective, especially as we've had some of this additional manufacturing related COVID cost in Q2.
Peter Galbo: Got it. No, that's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question today comes from the line of David Driscoll from DD Research. Please proceed with your question.
Peter Galbo: Great. Thank you. Appreciate you sneaking me in here before it concludes.
Lawrence Kurzius: [Multiple Speakers]
Peter Galbo: Okay. I'll try to make it a good one. I do want to follow-up on the margins. I want to say that the biggest variants that I think that happened in my model versus your actuals and consensus for that matter was the differential on margins, Mike. So, I want to go back over it. Sales up 8%, operating income up 21%. Specifically, in that consumer segment, margins up 600 basis points, maybe a little more than that, and volume up 25%. I really like this volume leverage point that was just brought up a second ago. And I know you blended it with the whole company. But if we just stay focused on the consumer segment for a moment, is it fair that the consumer segment was benefited by substantial volume leverage? I know the volume leverage probably works the other way in the other segment, but I'd just like to talk about consumer for a moment. Would it be fair to say that that's the number one point driving the consumer margin improvement? And then, honestly, the real point of all of this is to try to understand how to project forward. Your quarters have a lot of seasonality in terms of margins. If you were to get the same 25 point pop to volumes in Q3, in consumer that you got in Q2, could we just add 600 basis points to the consumer margin? Or is there some funny seasonal effects that would reduce those types of leverage? I just get worried about the seasonal pattern on your margins and how we might think about these factors given such tremendous impacts in the current quarter. Sorry for the long question.
Michael Smith: I'll answer this and Lawrence can add to it. Generally, we build margins throughout the year, and I'll speak about consumer now. The fourth quarter is generally our highest margin business due to this holiday items. Second quarter was pretty extraordinary. There was a lot of leverage coming through the consumer due to the huge increases, mid double-digit, meaning 50% in some cases, of increases. I'd be a little careful, though, because things like  if you look at A&P for example, A&P for the company was up 1%, a couple more percent for consumer. Now, that being said, we're going to heavy up more in the second half to get to that mid-single digit guidance we've given. However, even though we didn't spend a huge percentage, you think like working media are up double digit globally if some of our CCI savings are coming through in A&P. So, we're actually really leaning into A&P. But you'll see that A&P line increase in the second six. So that will take 600 basis points down by some number. We had really good product mix in the quarter as well as segment mix. Within the consumer side, good product mix too. I'd just be a little careful about trying to take the second quarter and expand it out to the year.
Lawrence Kurzius: I also want to emphasize that we're not giving guidance because there's so much uncertainty and I don't want to run away with saying too much about gross margin here because that's getting us into an area of maybe providing more guidance than we are prepared to. But, certainly, the mix between the segments, to the extent that there's more consumption at home and less away from home, it's going to be a benefit to our margin. And correspondingly, that will have leverage  or deleverage based on those volume trends.
Peter Galbo: And then, guys, if I could just sneak in one last one. Sorry, go ahead.
Lawrence Kurzius: No, no, that was good. Go ahead.
Peter Galbo: Okay, the other one, just because this is  I think it's reasonably important and hard to model, in your EMEA business, you've talked about the impact of QSRs and that, in Europe, it was just all but shut down in this past quarter. Where does it stand today? And do we  is it reasonable to think that those quick service restaurants are going to be doing plenty of drive-thru and take-outs, and so that business sees  your business sees a substantial improvement because you're just not in total lockdown like you were in this past quarter. So, I feel like there's a big variance coming right there. But pull me back if that's
Lawrence Kurzius: No, no. I'm not pulling you back. I think we pointed to that. And actually, I thought we tried to get that clear in the remarks, but maybe not have. Our remarks were extraordinarily long and I apologize for that. The restaurant  the quick service restaurants in Europe did completely close down at the end of March. I'm not speaking out of school or there are customers, and so I don't want to get into guiding for their business. But all of their CEOs have been out publicly saying that they will close. So, that's out there. But they also all reopened in June, heavily towards drive-thru and pickup, but they have pretty much all reopened in the month of June. So, I would expect to see that better in the  our third quarter. And I'll say the challenge  I'll just mention, where we talk about supply chain, this was one of the challenges that we've had and where we've had to really be nimble and responsive because they shut down with a few days' notice to us, completely idling our facilities, and then they literally started back up with about a week's notice to us. So, we had to get cranked up and we've worked our way through it with them.
Peter Galbo: Really appreciate the comments. And great job on the quarter, by the way. No one said it, but the results are stellar. Thank you.
Lawrence Kurzius: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I'll hand the call back to Lawrence Kurzius for closing comments.
Lawrence Kurzius: Great. Well, thank you, everyone, for your questions and for participating in today's call, and I realize that it did go a bit long and I thank you for your patience. McCormick is a global leader in flavor and we're differentiated by the broad and advantaged portfolio which continues to drive growth. It's a growing and profitable business with a balanced portfolio to drive consistency in our performance in the volatile environment which we currently operate to deliver flavor to all markets and channels, while responding readily to changes in industry and the world with new ideas, innovation and purpose. One of the most significant risks to any company is being unprepared to respond with agility to a significant unexpected disruption. We're all experiencing that disruption now and McCormick is well prepared to not only manage through it, but to emerge from it stronger. With a relentless focus on growth, performance and people, we're confident our strategies will enable us to become even better positioned to drive future growth and build long-term value for our shareholders.
Kasey Jenkins: Thank you, Lawrence. And thanks to all for joining today's call. If you have any further questions regarding today's information, please reach out to me. This concludes this morning's call. Thank you. Have a good day. And I hope everyone stays healthy and safe.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-03-31 08:00:00) =====
Kasey Jenkins: Good morning. This is Kasey Jenkins, Vice President of McCormick Investor Relations. Thank you for joining todays First Quarter Earnings Call. To accompany this call, we posted a set of slides at ir.mccormick.com.Currently, all participants are in listen-only mode. Following our remarks, we will begin a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Well begin with remarks from Lawrence Kurzius, Chairman, President and CEO, and Mike Smith, Executive Vice President and CFO.During our remarks, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. These include information in constant currency, as well as adjusted operating income, adjusted income tax rate and adjusted earnings per share that exclude the impact of special charges. Reconciliations to the GAAP results are included in this mornings press release and slides.In our comments, certain percentages are rounded. Please refer to our presentation for complete information. In addition, as a reminder, todays presentation contains projections and other forward-looking statements, as results could differ materially from those projected. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether because of new information, future events or other factors. It is important to note, these statements include expectations and assumptions which will be shared related to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. As seen on slide two, our forward-looking statement also provides information on risk factors including the impact of COVID-19 that could affect our financial results.It is now my pleasure to turn the discussion over to Lawrence.
Lawrence Kurzius: Thank you, Kasey. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. To start, Id like to comment on the extraordinary and continually evolving global impact of COVID-19. On behalf of everyone at McCormick, Id like to first express our deepest sympathies to all those who are affected by COVID-19 and thank those working to keep people safe through this crisis.McCormick is committed to maintaining critical food supply across all our markets and supporting our communities. We are working through the challenges of today, while keeping our focus on the long-term goals, strategies and values that have made us so successful.We have three priorities while navigating through this period of volatility and uncertainty. First, to ensure the health and safety of our employees and the quality and integrity of our product.Second, to keep our brands and our customers brands and supply and maintain the financial strength of our business. Our third priority is to ensure McCormick emerges strong from this event. It will come to an end. We will come out a better company by driving our long-term strategies responding to changing consumer behavior and capitalizing on opportunities from our relative strength.Were taking steps to safely operate our business and supply our customers. We continue to operate our supply chain without significant disruption. We have implemented contingency planning with most employees working remotely where possible.We have global and regional crisis teams in place, continually monitoring the rapidly evolving situation and recommending risk mitigation actions. And weve implemented travel restrictions, visitor protocols and social distancing practices, as you would expect.Weve also recently announced incentives to further recognize and support employees who work on-site in locations critical to keeping our operations running globally. We will increase hourly wages, further extend sick leave to support family members and maintain salaries if operations are suspended. Its essential that we show our appreciation to employees, while doing our part for the betterment of public health and to support our communities.And moving to slide five, to highlight a few points on the current conditions were seeing and the potential impact. First, as we mentioned at CAGNY, the significant disruption in Chinas consumption in the first quarter impacted our results.The events in China during the second half of the quarter were extraordinary. While total McCormick sales follow a seasonal pattern with the first quarter generally the lightest, the first quarter is typically our peak season in China.Additionally, over half our China business relates to away-from-home consumption. And Hubei province is one of our most highly developed regions due to the DaQiao brand being founded and made in Wuhan. This made the China lockdown with an extended lockdown in Hubei, coupled with no opportunity for consumers to stock their pantries to be a significant impact.We believe we cannot use the China results to extrapolate the overall impact for the rest of the company due to differences related to lockdown durations, pantry stocking opportunities, as well as the different percentages of foodservice business and other dynamics in each region.The disruption in China resulted in a 3% reduction in total company first quarter sales and reduced our total consumer and flavor solutions segment sales 5% and 1%, respectively.As a reminder, in China, our Consumer segment includes the branded foodservice component, because those foodservice products use the same packaging format and share a common distribution channel, particularly in traditional trade and in the smaller markets as other consumer products in China.The lower operating income from China impacted the total companys growth in both adjusted operating income and adjusted earnings per share by 10%. Currently, during the early stages of recovery in China, we are seeing increased cooking at home and a surge in consumer retail demand, both in stores, as well as through e-commerce and the start of a recovery in foodservice as most restaurants and caterers reopen and consumer confidence gradually builds.We expect Chinas results to be significantly impacted in the second quarter, as well as the market begins to recover gradually. The lockdown in Hubei continued through March and as recently announced is expected to be lifted in April.For the year, we expect lower China sales from the COVID-19 impact will reduce our total net sales growth by 1% to 2%. And as I already mentioned, we currently believe COVID-19 impact in China cannot be extrapolated to the overall COVID-19 impact for the rest of the company.Turning to the current status of our major markets outside of China, our presence in China afforded us the insight of seeing how COVID-19 scenarios can unfold, as well as to take early action.Our supply chain business continuity plans have been in effect since January. We have assessed and implemented continuity plans to provide customers with continued supply. To-date, there has been no material impact on supply for most of our sourced materials and for those impacted continuity plans have been activated.We are partnering with our customers to monitor and respond to changes in consumer demand. Were seeing increased consumer consumption both through our scanner data and e-commerce, as well as through customer orders, including those from packaged food companies in our flavor solutions segment.While this increase is impacted by short term pantry stocking, we expect some level of elevated demand for at home cooking to continue. Schools are closed, people are staying at home, and that contributes to real incremental at home consumption.We also know from our sales performance during recessionary periods, we benefit from consumers eating at home. Our constant currency total consumer segment organic sales growth in 2001 and 2009 was 4% and 3% respectively.On the other hand, in the away-from-home part of our flavor solutions segment, which represents approximately 20% of our total company sales, we are now seeing reduced demand from our foodservice customers as COVID-19 measures have eliminated in dine-in services and limited restaurants to carry out our delivery-only. We expect this will have a significant negative impact on our near term performance, particularly in our EMEA region, as more people stay at home and away-from-home options remain limited.To maximize flexibility during this uncertain time, weve decided to moderate the pace of our enterprise resource planning or ERP replacement program. While we remain excited about and committed to our global transformation initiative, we believe that it is more prudent given current challenges posed by the COVID-19 situation to re-phase the timing of this initiative as we focus on the three priorities that I previously described.Now Id like to focus on our first quarter results, highlights from our consumer and flavor solutions segment and finally, our growth drivers in relation to the current environment.Turning on slide seven. In our first quarter, the lower operating results from the COVID-19 impact in China, I just mentioned, offset the otherwise solid sales, adjusted operating income and adjusted earnings per share growth we delivered, driven by the successful execution of our strategy and engagement of employees. This while also making business transformation investments.We have a broad and advantaged global flavor portfolio, which continues to position us to meet the demand for flavor around the world and grow our business. Across our portfolio, in our Americas and Europe, Middle East and Africa or EMEA region, we drove particularly strong flavor solutions sales growth in the first quarter.In our Asia Pacific region, the China disruption significantly affected our first quarter sales growth across both segments of our - across both of our segments with a greater impact in consumer. Overall, we are confident that the breadth and reach of our portfolio will continue to be the foundation for sales growth. And while we may experience temporary disruptions in parts of our business, were confident that underlying consumer demand will continue to underpin long-term growth.Now let me cover the highlights of our first quarter performance. Starting with our topline for the first quarter versus the year ago period, total sales declined 2%, including a 1% unfavorable impact from currency and a 3% unfavorable impact from China, partly offset by 2% growth contributed by the rest of the business, driven by higher volumes and product mix, as well as pricing.Adjusted operating income was down 2%, with minimal impact from currency and included a 10% unfavorable impact from China results. Partly offsetting this impact was the sales growth across the rest of the business and savings led by our comprehensive continuous improvement program, CCI.During the quarter, we also had higher brand marketing and ERP replacement program investments compared to last year. At the bottom line, our first quarter adjusted earnings per share of $1.08 was lower than $1.12 in the prior period or decline of 4%. This decline includes a 10% unfavorable operating impact from China and a 5% headwind due to a higher adjusted tax rate.As we said on our year-end earnings call in January and at CAGNY in February, we have confidence in our strategies and notwithstanding the COVID-19 impact, our underlying foundation is strong, and we remain committed to our long-term growth objectives.Now, let me spend a few minutes on our business updates. Starting on slide eight with our consumer segment. Constant currency sales declined 6% in the first quarter, including an unfavorable 5% China impact.The America constant currency sales declined 2%. We believe we substantially undershipped consumer consumption due to normal seasonal trade inventory reductions versus building some inventory levels in the first quarter of 2019. We estimate this resulted in a negative 4% impact to the Americas growth for the quarter.This is in line with our expected trade inventory impact to net sales for the year, which is also consistent with our historical performance. Today, its hard to comprehend that there were retailers reducing inventory in the first quarter, the world has changed so much.In US spices and seasonings, we are maintaining the share stabilization we achieved last year. Our IRI data indicates US McCormick branded spices and seasoning scanner sales grew in line with the category and we had strong growth in unmeasured channels, particularly in e-commerce. We believe for the combined channels, McCormick branded slightly outpaced the spices and seasonings category growth. In McCormick branded dry recipe mixes, we continued our growth momentum, delivering share growth for the 10th straight quarter.Our first quarter performance included our sixth sequential quarter of accelerating consumption growth across our condiment portfolio. In total, we grew consumption 4%, as well as growing share in many of our product lines.Franks RedHot Sauce had strong performance again, partially driven by effective Super Bowl marketing and promotion programs. Stubbs Barbecue and McCormick Manasive grew double-digits, and Frenchs Mustard continued its consumption and share growth momentum.Our category management initiatives, effective marketing support and merchandising execution, expanded distribution and new products are all contributing to driving our category leadership and our momentum. Were confident in our initiatives underway to continue our long-term growth trajectory.In March, were seeing an unprecedented surge in demand from customers and consumers at the worst [ph] the single-digit changes were discussing related to our first quarter results and Ill say more about this in a moment.Now turning to the EMEA region. We had growth in UK and France, driven partially by new products and brand marketing support. New dry recipe mix products, such as the launch of our One Pan line, contributed to us not only gaining share in the quarter, but also to have the leading UK recipe mix position.In the Asia, Pacific region, our constant currency sales declined, driven by the significant impact in China, as I previously mentioned. In other parts of the region, we continued to gain momentum with effective brand marketing and promotions, as well as through e-commerce. Our fundamentals in our consumer business remain strong.Turning to slide nine in our Flavor Solutions segment, our performance was excellent, with constant currency sales growth of 5%, driven by the Americas and EMEA regions, partially offset by the decline in the Asia, Pacific region.In Americas, we drove constant currency sales growth of 5%. We had broad-based growth across our portfolio, both through our product category and customer perspective. Strong growth to both packaged food companies and quick service restaurants was driven by new products and base business growth.Our momentum in branded foodservice continued with robust growth, driven by new products such as Old Bay Hot Sauce, promotional activity with operators and expanded distribution.In addition to driving top line growth, we also continue to migrate our portfolio to more value-added categories. Our sales growth in EMEA was outstanding, 9% in constant currency as the strong momentum we have built in this region continued into the first quarter.We are winning with our customers both quick service restaurant and packaged food companies through new products, their promotional activities and expanded distribution.In the Asia, Pacific region, our constant currency sales declined, driven by the significant impact of China, in other parts of the region, sales to quick service restaurants drove growth.Turning to slide 10 to talk about our growth drivers in the current environment. Just six weeks ago at CAGNY, we shared with you our 2020 growth plan aligned to our strategy designed to build long-term value for our shareholders.We are now operating in a more dynamic and rapidly changing environment and were at CAGNY and possibly ever before and need to be agile in responding to the current dynamics and the changing consumer behaviors.Our overall growth plans have not changed, although some have been adjusted and even strengthened to enable us to effectively execute in these challenging times and the balance of the year and to capitalize on the opportunity to help our consumers and our customers through this difficult time.First, across both segments, we are currently focused on keeping our brands and our customer brands and supply, feeding particularly strong demand for items in key categories for spices and herbs, seasoning blends providing flavor solutions, dry recipe mixes, offering convenience, condiments, rice [ph] mixes, frozen products, stocks and broth and snack seasonings. The continuity of meeting demand, including the quality and integrity of our product is a critical priority.Turning specifically to our consumer segment, our 2020 plan includes to further drive our undisputed leadership in spice and seasonings, accelerate our condiment global platform, and fuel our growth at emerging markets and channels, as well as an on-trend, fast-growing platform.Were strengthening our connection with the consumer, especially with digital, e-commerce and social media outreach, which is even more important today with consumers at home more and looking for solutions. Simply put, our consumer portfolio and plans are even more relevant today than they were before.We are seeing an incredible surge in demand from consumers stocking their pantries and cooking at home, as our other consumer packaged companies. For example, for the week ended March 15th, scanner sales for the total McCormick US branded portfolio grew 65%, with all major categories up double or triple digits. While we expect consumption will not continue at this extraordinary level, we do expect sustained growth from an increase in consumers cooking at home.Now, taking a deeper look at our plans. Brand marketing is a key driver of sales growth and were increasing our investments in 2020 as planned. The speed and agility we gained with our marketing excellence organization has enabled us to quickly pivot and adjust our messaging in light of the COVID-19 developments.For instance, weve changed content to focus on at home family times which is more relevant than the current environment. A few weeks ago, we launched our new US McCormick brand advertising campaign with the tagline; Its Gonna Be Great, which is the strongest going campaign in our consumer testing history.This TV and digital campaign is focused on consumer education on what to make, how to prepare, and build confidence in the kitchen, which is all the more relevant today as consumers cook more at home.Our plans to create even deeper connections with our consumers by bridging their physical and digital experiences have been underway since early this year. We continue to develop best-in-class content and opportunities for our consumers to connect with us and are strengthening our brand as an indispensable partner on their flavor journey. These opportunities have now increased and even go beyond their flavor journey.Consumer engagement with our McCormick properties, such as mccormick.com, YouTube, and our social channels has increased high double-digits in recent weeks, both in visits and time spent. And we have a steady stream of new real-time content that is focused on solutions to the questions consumers are asking.Here are some examples. How to occupy the kids at home? Of course, with kid-friendly recipes from painted sugar cookies to scented slime or window clings, and were seeing increased consumption in related product. US scanner sales shown vanilla is up 54% for example, in the weekend of March 15th.While recipes and products help with health and wellness, our content and recipes on turmeric and bone broth, as well as soup recipes, for example, have increased and were continuing our work to promote the health benefits of spices and herbs. Our U S consumption growth on our stocks and broth was up 140% and turmeric up 22% during the same period.How to create flavorful meals with items that have been stockpiled? Cantuna eggs and pasta are frequent searches, and we have and will continue to create content to add flavor to these items and more. Consumers want more convenient solutions to add flavor, as evidenced by recent 104% U.S. consumption growth in dry recipe mixes.And finally, consumers can now use our newly added ask McCormick feature on our social channel, where we respond real-time with tips, tricks, recipes and products. We are now there with whatever consumers need to help them through these times.The investments weve made in e-commerce have not only driven growth, but positioned us well for acceleration, which is what were experiencing and for which we are prepared. Consumer shopping behavior is changing and the opportunities were activating by making all touch points shoppable are paying off.In China, traffic to our direct-to-consumer platform has increased four times, driving sales growth up triple digits, increasing fivefold since the beginning of the year. In the US, were seeing increased traffic and sales as well. Our pure-play and direct-to-consumer sales have tripled in recent weeks. This is also true in EMEA, with direct-to-consumer sales tripling as well. Were making our products even more discoverable to consumers with increased support.Our exciting first half new product launches, align with consumers demands for convenience, health and transparency, as well as flavor exploration and experimentation. We continue to drive category leadership and in the US, our enthusiastic and committed about our initiative underway to reinvent the in-store experience for spices and seasoning.By introducing new merchandising elements, we have had strong favorable customer reaction and began the rollout earlier this year. As we partner with retailers to maintain stock shelves and business continuity, we will have some delay in our rollout plan. With increased cooking at home expected to be a longer term trend, this initiative becomes even more exciting and relevant.Now, turning to our Flavor Solution segment. Our immediate focus is on responding to the volatility were seeing across the segment. As a reminder, in flavor solutions, we operate across a wide range of customers and channels, consumer manufacturers, restaurants and distributors.Over 50% of our flavor solutions portfolio are flavors and ingredient product categories, are primarily sold to packaged food companies. Demand from these customers is currently strong as they are experiencing the same increase in consumption as we are in our consumer segment.In contrast, our restaurant and distributor customers are experiencing significant short term pain related to the reduction of people traveling, shopping and dining out, with many restaurants and away-from-home eating locations closed. Consequently, we are expecting a sharp and negative impact on the demand for our products from these customers.While we expect this demand to return once the COVID-19 crisis passes, similar to the beginning stages of recovery were seeing in China, the duration of this current period of reduced demand is uncertain given changing conditions across the world almost daily.Our current flavor solutions priority is to work with all of our customers, those seeing demand surges, as well as those under pressure, managed through the coming months. We have confidence that the strong and differentiated partnerships we have built with our customers, which includes the top 10 food and beverage companies, as well as the top 10 food service restaurant chains enables a robust collaboration needed to navigate through this situation as best as possible.Now Id like to provide a few summary comments as seen on slide 12 before turning it over to Mike. At the foundation of our sales growth is the global and growing consumer demand for great taste and healthy eating, as well as transparency around the source and quality of ingredients and the desire to buy brands from environmentally and socially responsible companies.Flavor continues to be an advantaged global category as we inspire flavor exploration across all markets through all channels and are aligned with the consumers demand for taste, convenience, health and sustainably minded business practices.Our alignment with these long-term trends, our breadth and reach, and our execution of effective strategies positions us well to meet increased consumer demand, both through our products and through our customers products and drive sales growth.No matter what, where or when people are eating or drinking, it is likely flavored by McCormick. We believe these long-term behaviors will remain intact following the current crisis.Were continuing to drive long-term sales growth balanced with our focus on lowering costs to expand margins and sustainably realize long-term earnings growth. We have a solid foundation and an environment that continues to be dynamic and fast-paced we are ensuring we remain agile, relevant and focused on long-term sustainable growth.Our experienced leaders and employees are executing on our strategies, which are designed to build long-term value for shareholders while reacting to changes accordingly and capitalizing on opportunities.Excluding the China COVID-19 impact, we delivered solid first quarter results, again, proving our strategies are effective and were confident they will drive future growth. While we know the balance of the year will be impacted by an uncertain environment, were confident our underlying foundation and performance remains strong.I want to recognize McCormick employees around the world for driving our momentum and success and thank them for their efforts, engagement and for adapting to this new environment during this volatile time.As food and food products have been designated to critical industry, I want to particularly thank our many employees who are working hard every day to protect the food supply and are rallying to support McCormick and their communities.Thank you for your attention. And it is now my pleasure to turn it over to Mike.
Michael Smith: Thanks, Lawrence. And good morning, everyone. Ill begin now by providing some additional comments on our first quarter performance and then discuss some of our expectations for the balance of the year.Starting on slide 14, during the first quarter sales declined 1% in constant currency, driven primarily by the COVID-19 impact in China, which had a negative 3% constant currency effect on the total company.Excluding the impact of China, favorable volume and product mix from base business and new products, as well as pricing drove sales growth. The consumer segment sales declined 6% in constant currency, primarily driven by the Asia, Pacific region.On slide 15, consumer segment sales in the Americas declined 2% in constant currency versus the first quarter of 2019. As Lawrence described earlier, the decline was driven by trade inventory reductions, with a partial offset from pricing actions which were taking late during the first quarter.In EMEA, constant currency consumer sales were up 1% from a year ago, driven by pricing, primarily related to the timing of trade promotional activities. Consumer sales in Asia Pacific declined 28% in constant currency, driven by the China disruption. Growth was strong across the rest of the region.Turning to our Flavor Solutions segment on slide 18, we grew first quarter constant currency sales 5% due to strong growth in the Americas and EMEA regions. In the Americas, flavor solutions constant currency sales increased 5%, driven by new products and base business volume growth, with particular strength of snack seasonings and branded food service. Additionally, pricing also contributed to growth across the portfolio.In EMEA, we grew flavor solutions sales 9% in constant currency. Sales increased to both quick service restaurants and packaged food companies, driven by new products and volume growth on the base business, as well as pricing. In the Asia, Pacific region, flavor solutions sales declined 4% in constant currency, driven by the decline in China. Other parts of the region drove growth.Across both segments are seen on slide 22, adjusted operating income, which excludes special charges, declined to 2% in the first quarter versus the year ago period with minimal impact from currency.Adjusted operating income in the consumer segment declined to 12% to $120 million, which in constant currency was an 11% decline. In the Flavor Solutions segment, adjusted operating income rose to $76 million, a 19% increase, with minimal impact from currency.Both segments were negatively impacted by the China disruption, which was a 10% impact to the total company and was skewed more to the consumer segment, as well as incremental investments related to our ERP replacement program, with partial offsets from CCI-led cost savings and lower incentive-based compensation.Additionally, the consumer segments adjusted operating income was unfavorably impacted by an increase in brand marketing expenses and flavor solutions was favorably impacted by product mix.Gross profit margin expanded 90 basis points in the first quarter versus the year-ago period, driven by CCI-led cost savings. We have adjusted operating margin compression of 10 basis points, driven by the factors I just mentioned.Turning to income taxes on slide 24. Our first quarter adjusted effective income tax rate was 18.4%, as compared to 13.9% in the year-ago period. Fourth quarters adjusted rate was favorably impacted by discrete tax items, primarily related to refinements to our entity structure, which had a more significant impact last year.Income from unconsolidated operations was $10 million in the first quarter of both years. At the bottom line, as shown on slide 26, first quarter 2020 adjusted earnings per share was $1.08, as compared to $1.12 for the year-ago period.The decline was primarily driven by the China disruption impact and a higher adjusted income tax rate from last year, with partial offsets from higher adjusted operating income growth, excluding China, and lower interest expense.On slide 27, we summarize highlights for cash flow and the quarter end balance sheet. Our cash flow provided from operations was $45 million in the first quarter of 2020 compared to $104 million in the first quarter of 2019. This decrease was driven by timing associated with working capital, as well as employee incentive and benefit payments.We continue to see improvements in our cash conversion cycle, finishing the first quarter at 40 days, down three days versus our fiscal year end. We returned $82 million of cash to shareholders through dividends and used $39 million for capital expenditures this period.We believe that we have adequate liquidity to meet our operating, investing and financial needs through our operating cash flows, as well as our access to bank lines and commercial paper. We have been able to access commercial paper markets as needed during the recent period of market volatility and currently have unutilized capacity under our $1 billion corporate revolver.We have no material debt maturities until 2021, and we expect no material change to our capital allocation. We continue to evaluate the market to determine if there is an opportunity to further bolster our position given the low underlying interest rates.Lets now move to a discussion about our outlook and some of our expectations for the balance of the year, as seen on slide 28. As a reminder, the guidance we issued in January and discussed at CAGNY does not include any impact from COVID-19.We are operating in a very fluid environment. And our ability to assess the financial impact of COVID-19 on our business is affected by both the speed at which the situation is evolving, as well as the high degree of uncertainty related to the duration and extent of the impact on consumer demand in all channels and the global economy.We are also still early in our fiscal year, with three quarters remaining, including those that are typically our largest ones. We therefore are withdrawing our previously issued 2020 financial outlook discussed on our January earnings call. I would like to, however, provide additional perspective to highlight some current expectations.First, as we have already mentioned, there was a significant COVID-19 impact from China to our first quarter results, and we project disruption in China continuing into the second quarter.We expect the lower sales from the COVID-19 impact in China will reduce our total global net sales growth by 1% to 2% for the year. We believe the China impact cannot be extrapolated to the overall impact for the rest of the company due to the reasons Lawrence already mentioned earlier.Differences related to lockdown durations and pantry stocking opportunities, as well as the different percentages of foodservice business and other dynamics in each region.We expect the shift in consumer consumption will continue with our consumer segment positively impacted by initial pantry stocking and followed by an increased preference for cooking at home.In our Flavor Solutions segment, we expect increased demand from our packaged food customers similar to our consumer segment. However, in the away-from-home part of our flavor solutions portfolio, which represents approximately 20% of our total company sales, we expect sharp declines in demand from our restaurants and other foodservice customers.Given the current economic environment, we are closely following the movements in foreign exchange rates and are anticipating a negative impact on our full year financial results.And finally, as Lawrence mentioned, we are moderating the pace of our ERP replacement program. As a result of this decision, we are projecting our program operating expenses in 2020 to be comparable to 2019.We continue to closely monitor the situation and expect to resume guidance during our second quarter earnings call at the end of June, when we should know more. We have managed through multiple business cycles for 130 years and have a consistent history of growth.We are well positioned, given our financial strength, stable cash generation, asset access to liquidity and have rapidly implemented appropriate mitigation plans. We are confident we will manage through the short term period of volatility and continue on our long-term growth trajectory.Id like to now turn it back to Lawrence for some additional remarks, before we move to your questions.
Lawrence Kurzius: Thank you, Mike. Now that Mike has shared our financial results and outlook in more detail, Id like to recap the key takeaways as seen on slide 29. We delivered solid first quarter results, excluding the COVID-19 impact on China and recognize the balance of the year will be impacted by a broader challenging environment. Were effectively executing our strategies and are confident in our underlying foundation.We are responding to COVID-19 developments with agility and working through the challenges of today, while keeping our focus on the long-term goals, strategies and values that have made us so successful.We have a consistent history of growth and very positive fundamentals in place to manage through this short term period of volatility and continue on our long-term growth trajectory. Our commitment to our long-term financial objectives has not changed. We are sustainably positioned for growth and will continue to deliver differentiated results.Now, lets turn to your questions.
Operator: Thank you. Well now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Ken Goldman with JPMorgan.
Ken Goldman: Hi. Good morning, everyone. And, obviously, I hope everyone and your families are safe and sound in crazy times.
Lawrence Kurzius: Right. Thank you, Ken. You too, Ken.
Ken Goldman: I wanted to just quickly ask, one, can you give us a little more clarity on maybe the quarter-to-date performance in both of your segments, even if just on a rough basis? And two, obviously, you do secure some of your products from areas of the world that are experiencing some challenges right now.Can you just walk us through a little bit, maybe, what youre doing to sort of secure your inputs? Maybe secure your supply chain a little bit beyond what youve told us so far, that would be helpful. Thank you.
Lawrence Kurzius: Sure, Ken. Great. Well, first of all, were seeing all phases of the coronavirus crisis as a company, from the early phases of recovery in China through the new epicenters that were all experiencing in the EMEA and in the US.Weve got - we are seeing the early stages of recovery in China, as we said in the prepared remarks. We can pretty well quantify that and we see a path forward there, and weve given some outlook on that.In the Americas and EMEA, were seeing very strong sales of retail products, as our others, especially in the Americas, it cuts across all channels on the - of the - our retail and consumer-oriented product, especially strong in e-commerce.We just actually got in a fresh scanner data this morning, ourselves. I mentioned a moment ago that we were up about 65% as a total company through the scanner for the most recent week that we had data for. We just got last weeks information, and its even stronger than that. Its nearly 90%, Id say.So its a little over 89% for total company, through the U.S. - sorry, total company in the US, total consumer there. So really strong performance on that side, driven by the consumer pantry stocking behavior. And I think that you all probably got Nielsen data that covers the same time frame. That would be roughly consistent with that.And typically, our unmeasured channels are stronger than the measured channels, and I would expect that to be - you can - should expect that to be the same again.In our flavor solutions portion of our business, the portion of the business thats a little over 50% - thats over 50% that services the other CPG manufacturers is seeing an equally strong surge in demand. As those customers are having the same retail offtake and were part of their supply chain, so were experiencing that.The food service portion of the business goes the other way. And weve tried to give some additional color on the size of our foodservice business in these remarks than weve given in the past. So I dont think weve previously really quantified how big our total away-from-home consumption exposure is.Between branded foodservice and the quick service restaurant industry, its a little over 20%. Most of that runs through flavor solutions in China and India, that goes through the consumer segment because they share common distribution channels, common packs, and its rolled up in that way.But in the food service, were seeing a - in food service and QSR, were seeing a sharp slowdown. We came into the month strong. But as weve gone through the month, that has slowed significantly.Specifically saying in the EMEA, the QSR portion has come to a near halt, as the whole - as most of our customers have completely closed their restaurants. The difference between Europe and the US and in the US drive through a pickup has remained open. Thats not the case in most of the major countries in Europe. And so that part of the business is going to have a strong impact.Oh, and you asked about supply chain. So let me take the second part of that. Our global sourcing organization has really been an advantage for us. We - and the experience that we had in China allowed us to see pretty early that we were going to need to do contingency planning. We started that very early on. We have actual people on the ground in the countries that we sort from, which has really been helpful in working with local authorities and local closures and restrictions.And in particular, working out transportation logistics, and we source over 14,000 raw materials from over 85 countries, in the world. We have - were really well prepared for this, and Id say that, this has been a real area of advantage for us.Were currently not constrained on any production due to raw material or packaging shortage. Weve had some minor items. I mean, I could talk with you about a particular spec of anthel [ph] chilli that is needed for our Hispanic business here in the US, its cost about $3,000 worth of product. I mean, were tracking it at that granular level. And I think that were in a really good shape from a supply chain standpoint.
Ken Goldman: Very comprehensive. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Andrew Lazar: Good morning, everybody.
Lawrence Kurzius: Good morning, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar: Hi, there. Just two quick ones for me, if I could. In listening, Laurence, to your comments around the various portions of the business thus far, sort of through the quarter. Is it simply that its still a bit too fluid and dynamic to sort of take those three big buckets, if you will the consumer piece, the part of flavor solutions that goes to packaged food manufacturers and then the pure food service side?I guess is it too early thinking through the quarter thus far to even suggest maybe how those things might balance out. I realize for the full year, thats probably a much tougher exercise.But even in thinking through the second quarter, just given some of the magnitude of some of the numbers on both ends of the spectrum. Even sort of directionally, is there a way to say that the two positives sort of outweigh the negative? Or do we still just really not have that level of clarity? And then, I just got a follow-up.
Lawrence Kurzius: Yeah, for the year, of course, we - theres so much uncertainty on how this is going to unfold. I know others have given some guidance. Those have tended to be companies that are in their fourth quarter already. So they are basically giving you guidance for the next six weeks. Weve got a whole year ahead of us. This is just the end of our first quarter.Were one month into Q2. And the changes and shifts have been so dramatic over just the last couple of weeks that I think that were not comfortable even - we dont normally give quarterly guidance, and wed be even less comfortable doing so right now.We really dont know the duration and the extent of the impact on the restaurant industry in particular. There are areas of the world that are still open for business. There are areas that are closed that could reopen. And we think that theres too much uncertainty for us to give you credible meaningful guidance right now on that.I will say that - I would expect that the restaurant industry impact will be pretty heavy in the second quarter. Again, the complete closure of restaurants in some areas, even though its the minority of our business is going to be a drag that I think its hard to see the consumer side overcoming in this particular quarter.
Andrew Lazar: Yeah, understood. Thank you for that. And then just quickly on just the ERP spend, I think you said about the same amount of incremental spend this year, as last year. So I think initially, it was going to be - if Im not mistaken, an incremental $60 million of ERP spend this year and I think there was $20 million last year. So basically, were saying theres now an incremental $20 million this year instead of $60 million? Thank you very much.
Michael Smith: Hey, Andrew. Its Mike. Youre correct. We spent around $20 million last year in 2019, and were going to spend around $20 million this year in 2020. So its not incremental. Its at the same as comparable between the fiscal years.
Lawrence Kurzius: I just want to elaborate on it. We are pausing the ERP program, but we are committed to our long-term success. And as a company, we take a long-term view of our program. So were investing behind our employees right now. Were continuing to invest in brand marketing and its our intent to continue the ERP program.So we do have a team that will continue to work on it through the year and we would expect to - that the go-lives that we were planning are going to slide out 12 months or so and be back.And right now, there are two drivers for a decision to postpone it. One is, just the executional reality. Our pilots for - one of our pilots was in Italy, for example, and it has become as an executional matter impossible to do that pilot and the other pilot is also in an area where because of travel restrictions, it just wasnt possible to do the training and work that it takes to actually bring the system up. And with no pilots there, no go-lives. And so from an executional standpoint, sheer practicality required us to push the program out.And then secondly, as we have prioritized keeping our brands and our customers brands in supply and maintaining business continuity the resources that were going into the program were better spent right now on the urgent needs and adapting to the rapidly changing supply requirements.
Andrew Lazar: Thank you. Stay well, everybody.
Lawrence Kurzius: Thanks, Andrew.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Faiza Alwy with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Faiza Alwy: Yes, hi. Good morning. So I wanted to talk a little bit about your commercial initiatives in the consumer segment. You had talked about how there have been some changes. I know we were talking about shelf resets at CAGNY. So just wanted to get more color around how those are changing, just given whats happening because of COVID, especially in the US?
Lawrence Kurzius: You bet. So Faiza, weve changed - well, first of all, weve continued to deliver the brand marketing that we had planned to, but some of the messaging and the vehicles that were using have shifted. This is part of the advantage of having our in-house marketing excellence organization, were able to change - produce new content and change the content very rapidly. And so we made the message a bit more relevant. I gave some examples in our prepared remarks. And I think that has had a good impact.Weve resourced up an area where consumers can write in and get real-time answers to their questions. Thats a somewhat people-intensive thing, but its been very much appreciated by consumers.The new products that we talked about at CAGNY were already largely being launched. And so while retailers have focused more on core items as they have scrambled to keep their shelf stock. We had a lot of placement on those items and a lot of acceptance on those items already.And although we didnt talk about our second half new items at CAGNY, our R&D teams have continued to work on it. Our commercial teams - commercialization teams have continued to work on those. And I would expect - you should expect to see a reasonable pipeline of new products in the second half of the year as well.The shelf reset that we talked about also was already underway. And so the picture, for example, that I used at CAGNY was in an actual store. It was not some kind of a retail lab, but it was an actual store installation. We have a number of them up.Right now those installations have stop, because of the immediate demand at retail and everybody trying to minimize extra people in the store. But as all these shelter-in-place rules and so on get lifted and things hopefully return to normal in the second half of the year, we would expect that to remain.We didnt quantify how many stores. We said we would have. I think I said at CAGNY that we would have thousands of them though. We still expect to have thousands, but fewer than we would have thought at CAGNY.
Faiza Alwy: Great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Alexia Howard with Bernstein. Please proceed with your question.
Alexia Howard: Good morning, everyone.
Lawrence Kurzius: Hi, Alexia. Good morning.
Alexia Howard: Hi. Can I ask about the behavioral changes that youre seeing? You talked about people cooking from scratch more. Do you have any channel data to show how many more meals people are cooking at home versus eating out or what have you?And then similarly on the behavioral change on e-commerce side, some obviously very impressive growth there. Do you have any data on how many of those - how much of that lift is driven by new sign-ups, people trying it for the first time versus existing consumers? And how profitable is that channel these days for you? And then I have a quick follow-up.
Lawrence Kurzius: Okay. Im not sure I get the answers to the exact questions that youre asking, but I do know that we - that the consumer behavioral changes that were seeing are significant. And rather than thinking of panel data, we actually have - were actually doing our own real-time consumer tracking. And so we have our own data that shows how behaviors are unfolding. There is definitely an interest in cooking at home more kind of around comfort foods, a little bit around the same trends that - some of the trends that we have talked about previously or actually - are just magnified or accelerated, so shopping online, some more adventurous cooking. Mike, do you want to add.
Michael Smith: Yeah, I think - and were doing a lot of our research, even with our employees. One of the questions - one of the comments we had back from employees are snacking a lot more at home because theyre home working and the snacks are right there.So pushing a huge lift in both cooking activities and everything food is people being adventures them, too. Theyre trying to use whats in their pantry, jazz it up a bit, and weve seen very strong sales of a lot of exotic spices and flavoring.
Alexia Howard: And then as a quick follow-up. On the flexibility of your manufacturing, in the food service production be re-tooled to make more on the consumer side of the business? Or is it going to be quite challenging to maybe have a sustained period where the restaurant channel is down, the retail sales are up?Are you worried that sustaining this kind of level of growth or not - maybe not this kind of level of growth, but after the pantry loading finishes, having that, sort of, switch? Is that a challenge for you or is that fairly easy to manage? Thank you. Ill pass it on.
Lawrence Kurzius: Yeah, Alexia, its a great question. Most of our facilities make products for both segments of our business. And so we can move resources within those facilities. Some of the foodservice items are being repurposed to the club store channel right now as well. And so were able to do that. And even beyond the manufacturing facilities, we were able to move our people to focus in on the right area. So we have a lot of flexibility on that.There are a couple of exceptions. We do have one manufacturing facility in Europe that is heavily dedicated to sauces for the QSR and food service industry. And demand is very, very slow there, and its difficult to repurpose that. But generally speaking, weve got 118 facilities around the world. We have 49 production plants. They are all able to operate, and were able to shift volume around to meet the current demand.
Alexia Howard: Great. Thank you very much, and stay safe everyone. Great to work with you.
Lawrence Kurzius: Thank you, Alexia.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Steve Strycula with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Steve Strycula: Hi, good morning. And its great to hear that McCormick has taken the long view here, not surprising and taking care of its employees and stakeholders during these volatile times, so much appreciated.So question - two part question. First one would be a consumer behavioral question. Lawrence, youre keen to point out that right now were going through phase one, maybe where consumers are pantry loading, but ultimately, well people are behaviorally at home more, they should be cooking more.So can you walk us through what you would expect oversimplified model as to how we maybe migrate through on the consumer piece over the next few months? Some investors are asking, do we go through a big pantry load period thats followed by subsequent de-load or just be the spike and then it moderates to a better baseline growth level? If you could just help us understand that curve?
Lawrence Kurzius: Actually, we lean towards the latter few. This pantry stocking behavior, obviously, is a one-time surge that isnt sustainable. But there is real incremental consumption thats happening. The kids are staying - are in from school. People are trying to stay close to home, either voluntarily or by government order.And people, as a result are getting used to the idea of cooking at home and are learning new cooking behaviors. Were - our demand for recipes and how to videos on our digital properties is absolutely through the roof. The kind of questions were getting for our real-time response is all about cooking tips and how to prepare and what to prepare. And we think that there is going to be a sustained shift for a period of time to more at home cooking, which in the past has been a net benefit to us.The other thing I dont want to miss is that kind of the after - however, the COVID-19 situation plays out, its likely were going to be followed by a recessionary period as well. Historically, weve performed well during the recessionary period. Consumers tend to do cook more at home. And theyre cutting back in other areas, they tend to reward themselves a little bit with the foods that they consume at home.And our historical track record, just looking back at the 2001 and the 2008, 09 time period, weve had strong growth in our consumer business. Thats been a positive for us overall as a company.
Steve Strycula: I appreciate that. And as of Marylander, Im rewarding myself with some Old Bay Hot Sauce, which is very
Lawrence Kurzius: Great, its awesome.
Steve Strycula: One quick question for Mike, and then Ill pass it along. To follow-up with Andrew Lazars question on the ERP spend, I appreciate given the servicing rates to the customers right now as a priority and that might postpone the SAP implementation upgrade.But should we think about that $60 million of incrementality, therefore kind of shifting into fiscal 21 and what was earmarked for fiscal 2021 kind of shifts into fiscal 2022. So basically, the whole Wave series goes over by a year.I know its difficult to comment on right now, but any high level would be commentary would be appreciated. Thank you.
Michael Smith: No, Steve, just like were not giving second quarter guidance or 2020 guidance, were not going to give 2021 or 22. I mean, there will be some type of shift. We just - its really too early. We need to re-plan this project, work around our manufacturing busy seasons and things like that. So yeah, I hesitate, but I cant give you really any guidance there.
Lawrence Kurzius: And theres some expense and work has been done this year, which contributes to it also. So the shape of it will likely be different.
Steve Strycula: Understood. Thank you.
Lawrence Kurzius: Thanks.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your questions.
Robert Moskow: Hi, thanks for the question. A lot of people are trying to think through the cost to execute all of these increases in manufacturing capacity, the higher labor costs. I mean, if youd ask me though, you know, whats the net benefit here of producing SKUs that are really popular and long production runs, I would argue that, that would offset higher cost for labor. Is there any way you can walk us through the pros and - the nets and negatives of that or positives and negatives of that?And then secondly, promotional price discounts. I mean, does McCormick still need to have promotional price points at retail in this environment?
Michael Smith: Yeah. Part of that is hard to answer and goes to the uncertainty that makes us not want to give guidance at this time. And that there are puts and takes and theyre changing so fast that I dont know that we can give - were not 100% - were not sure enough on how those balance out.Your point is well taken. By a longer run, more core items that thats a very efficient way to run our manufacturing facilities. There are also a lot of extra costs related to expediting at over time - over time, definitely. We just announced that we are paying premium wages to the people who come to work. We havent talked about it, but were doing, I think, temperature scans at all the entrances to facilities, which has a cost. And so were - Id say that right now, theres some uncertainty about how those are going to balance out that we will sort through.If we were maybe two more weeks into it, we have a better handle on it, but these are things that are literally changing day-by-day. So, things like transportation, fuel rates are down, you see that at the gas pump. But some shipping rates are up too. So were just too early at this point.
Robert Moskow: Okay. Ask a follow-up, Easter, you typically have a lot of seasonals that go into market for Easter. Is that still going to happen? Or are retailers shifting merchandising away from Easter?
Lawrence Kurzius: You asked about promotions, and so this kind of goes to that. So we are running fewer promotions. I think we might have had that in our prepared - my prepared comments and thats really in collaboration with our customers who, frankly, are having a hard time executing against those.Thats probably going to add some impact on Easter, but I think that whatever impact there is on Easter, its going to be lost in the shuffle because of the tremendous surge right now. We are seeing the right seasonal items doing strongly in vanilla for baking a big item right now.Easter is a less important holiday for McCormick. We often talk about Easter because youve got to get the Easter displays down to get the grilling displays up. And the grilling season starts after Easter, and Id say thats the bigger factor for us is getting the grilling items out there. And honestly, with people staying at home more, we actually expect our grilling season to be really good.
Robert Moskow: Great. All right. Thank you.
Lawrence Kurzius: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Rob Dickerson with Jeffries. Please proceed with your question.
Rob Dickerson: Great. Thank you so much. Hope everyones well. So look, I know you said kind of that week ending March 15th, vanilla was up. I think you said there was 50% plus. Obviously, people at home cooking more, eat vanilla. How do you think - your first question is just about destock potential, right? Theres a lot of questions around is this a consumption shift or is there really a pantry load, just in general?And then secondly, just on the margin, I know theres no guidance, but with respect to Q1, the flavor solutions segment actually had decent op margin. And then I think kind of going forward, you hopefully would get some volume leverage lift.But maybe given kind of that shift in flavor solutions on the foodservice side, is there an offset? Or just kind of like some structural framework how we can think about that, that, yeah, maybe there could be some benefits on the consumer side, but were not sure and kind of the same goes for flavor solutions? Thanks.
Lawrence Kurzius: Yeah. On the pantry stock, I think that theres real incremental consumption and its not going to be something thats going to have to be de-loaded. Were talking about spices used to - spices, seasoning, condiments used to  if you look to recipe mixes used to cook meals at home, and there is more food consumption happening at home.Consumers really are eating this up. Its not like toilet paper where at some time, theres going to - thered be such a glut on the market that its going to freeze up. Theres real incremental usage here that we think is not going to require any kind of consumer pantry unloading, at least as near as we can measure at this time. And Id say that that would probably play into the uncertainty about it, but we have a point of view on it.
Michael Smith: I think on the - your question about kind of the structural margin, you are right, we had a really great first quarter from a margin perspective at the gross margin line flavor solutions. We continue the portfolio migration. Our CCI teams have done a great job, and well continue to do a great job during this crisis.We have a lot of volume favorabilities. The problem is going forward, Rob, if some of the volume drops off, some of those go away from an overhead absorption perspective, so you cant really count on those to continue. But obviously, well give you more guidance as we can.
Rob Dickerson: Okay. Sure. And then just a quick follow-up, I think I heard you say earlier that maybe the pressure so far from your perspective, you see coming through March and that 20% of the business in food service restaurants and flavor solutions could be maybe a little bit more pronounced than consumer might be able to offset. So I just want to clarify that comment, just given that piece is 20% and the other piece of the business
Lawrence Kurzius: Rob, I also want to - so I want to remind you that, China was largely on lockdown through most of the month of March. And so theres going to be a pretty - theres going to be a significant impact from China. They are in recovery now. But Hubei province actually just reopening now, and so - for example, so there is going to be an impact from that as well.
Rob Dickerson: Okay. So it sounds like that 1% to 2% expected pressure on China for the year is really, at this point more of a Q2 event?
Lawrence Kurzius: Id say, mostly a first half of it.
Rob Dickerson: Yeah. Okay. Cool. All right. Thank you so much. Stay safe.
Lawrence Kurzius: Thanks, Rob.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Adam Samuelson: Thank you. Appreciate you guys squeezing me in today. First, coming back, its an earlier question from a different line. Just thinking about trade marketing in the current - in the current period, I know, Lawrence, you talked about promotions generally, but just trade spend generally.I mean, how does that evolve when it seems almost indiscriminate what the consumer is taking? And as long as - if you have it on the shelf in the center of the store, it seems like people are buying it. Just how does that become part of the margin kind of earnings equation over the balance of the year?
Lawrence Kurzius: Right. I wish it was that easy. But I think a lot of what - I mean, right now, I mean, trade marketing is really about customer support and working with our customers collaboratively to keep them in supply with the items that are selling the fastest.And so the reason that theres a reduction in promotion activity is frankly, the customers cant keep up with it, and so you stop. So theres - so we shouldnt have stopped. So we have curtailed some promotions.Its hard to see how that is kind of to play out as we go through the year, I think that were just going through an extraordinary period right now that will reach a new equilibrium, and well be able to continue with the promotional activity thats meaningful with our customer.
Michael Smith: And as more consumers really go online to digital  and weve been migrating our trade spend to digital for the last couple of years. So youll see more of that there.
Adam Samuelson: Okay. Thats helpful. And then a second question, just on the pantry stock thats been happening, I mean, your portfolio, I maintenance, a pretty complex kind of assortment of SKUs that have kind of different kind of consumption patterns and kind of normal sales velocity.And just from the data youve seen, have you been surprised that the sales velocity of things that normally wouldnt turn fast? Or just, I guess, some of your things I would think can stay in the pantry for some time. Are you seeing bigger uplift in those items where it could take longer to get that restock again in several months or the faster turning SKUs returning even faster?
Lawrence Kurzius: I think that the extent of the consumer pantry stocking and the suddenness with which it hit is a surprise to everyone. But in terms of you know, when you piece it apart and you look at orders of magnitude, the items with the highest velocities are not a surprise. Theyre recipe mix. Its our condiments.Franks RedHot Sauce, frankly, these items are not items that are stockpiled, but that tend to be consumed pretty quickly. And that are the ones that are seeing some of the biggest increases.
Adam Samuelson: Okay. I appreciate the color.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Chris Growe with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Chris Growe: Hi. Good morning.
Lawrence Kurzius: Good morning.
Chris Growe: Im glad you all are doing well and safe. So just two questions, if I could. The first would be, I want to understand, as we think about the restaurant business overall, the area thats being pressured the most, is that a higher margin business overall?In particular, Im curious in China, there was a larger profit effect from that the softness in that business. I just want to get my head around the size of profitability there, even in general terms.And then I had a second question just on the US, I know you had a bit of an increase in inventory in the first quarter last year, obviously, that compares to this year. Where do inventory stand now building in this environment. I just want to understand how that could play out going forward and how to expect that to influence your business? Thank you.
Michael Smith: Hey, Chris. This is Mike. If you remember the flavor wheel, we show the flavor solutions breakout, where we have about 45% of our flavor solutions businesses in flavors. Thats generally the higher margin business, and we talked about portfolio migration more to that.Custom condiments, coatings, ingredients, generally lower margin business. We have talked to some really good margin in there, so I dont want to characterize the whole group. But its generally lower than the flavor side of the business.Specifically talking about China, I mean, China is a very developed market for us. We have scale there. We have large manufacturing facilities, lots of people. So the margins there are generally good across consumer and flavor solutions. So thats why youre seeing a pretty significant impact in Q1 from a profit perspective.
Lawrence Kurzius: And going forward, the wheel that Mike was talking about, the branded foodservice component has margins that are comparable to our consumer business. So theres a mix of margin structures within that. Theres the branded food service with consumer-like margins and theres a quick service restaurant piece, which is part of the business that we generally characterize as low margin.
Michael Smith: There was a second part of your question. Chris, what was it?
Chris Growe: Yes, it was just on the inventory changes, and we are going either down or up in the first quarter last year, therefore, a tough comp, but how to think about those going forward? That seems like they should grow from here would seem?
Michael Smith: Yeah, you would think - I mean, I think customers are trying to grow their inventories right now. I dont know that theyre being successful. I mean, if you walk into any store youre going to see, they dont have stock on their shelves in a lot of areas.Its hard to - I dont know where that is going to stabilize. Id say right now, I dont think anyone in the - a retail or customer side is thinking about inventory reduction. I think right now theyre scrambling to stay in stock.
Chris Growe: And to that point then, Lawrence, are you shipping ahead of consumption then? Just from a broad - Im not trying to get an exact number, but understand the degree to which youre able to ship now. Can you ship ahead of consumption then?
Lawrence Kurzius: Yeah, I cant really - I would really be speculating on that. We are - I would say we are keeping up with the demand. It is challenging right now to keep up with that demand.And I would say that if we had not been as well prepared as we were on the supply chain side and also, frankly, building some inventory in preparation for our ERP shift that - which might echoes down all the way through our supply chain, we would really - wed be even more stressed than we are right now.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Driscoll with DD Research. Please proceed with your question.
David Driscoll: Great. Really appreciate you guys getting me in, and I understand the time here. So just some follow ups, and I hope these are enhancive. The first question, I dont think you said what the magnitude of the decline in the foodservice business, the 20% of the company in March, but can you?I appreciate the positive numbers on the consumer side, but just trying to get a sense of this 20% of foodservice business. Do you have a sense of what the magnitude of the decline is in March?
Lawrence Kurzius: Well, exactly, definitely not said what it was and you know were not going to say more than its significant. It is a fast changing situation. Restaurant openings and closures are being announced almost daily. And I think that its - I think that were really not in a position to give you or your colleagues meaningful credible guidance in this area right now.
Michael Smith: What we can say, its different in different regions with the world, like we said before, EMEA has seen a significant downturn because of the government actions without shutting down everything.
David Driscoll: Okay. And then just two other quick follow-ups. Mike, can you just talk about the CCI program in an environment like this? Does it even unfold over the rest of the year as you originally thought it would?I mean, can you execute these programs? Or given the demand that you have going on, do you just re-task your people to making sure that you got product going out the door? I dont really understand how to think through this. So any thoughts you give right there are of big help.And then last question I had for you guys was just new products versus the big SKUs Youve kind of talked around this a little bit. But just directly, are you reducing your focus on some of the new products and increasing your focus on your big SKUs in terms of your manufacturing runs? Thats it for me. Thanks, guys.
Michael Smith: Hey, Dave. This is Mike. CCI, good question. CCI has been a long-term program for us since 2009. We have a really strong pipeline of projects coming into this year and its ingrained in our culture. We have teams still working on CCI programs.Youre right though, it puts a lot of stress on the organization competing priorities. But that is not any - thats not a factor in any withdrawal of our guidance. We still feel confident about our CCI program.Again, in the second quarter, and we always say this too shall pass to some degree. And hopefully, things get back to the new normal, but we still feel real confident in our CCI program and achieving those results.
Lawrence Kurzius: And likewise on NPD, Ive already commented on the first quarter, so I wont repeat the - sorry, first half, and I wont repeat that. But again, as we take a long-term perspective on our business, our R&D teams and our marketing teams and commercialization teams are continuing to work on NPD. And we have a good pipeline. Again this will pass and therell be - theres going to be an important place for new products just as always has been.
David Driscoll: Thank you.
Lawrence Kurzius: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question today comes from the line of Peter Galbo with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Peter Galbo: Hey, guys. Good morning and thank you for fitting me in. Lawrence, I just wanted to ask about kind of squaring some of the math around China. Obviously, a 3% hit kind of in the first quarter and then 1.5% or 1% to 2% kind of hit for the full year, would sort of imply a similar $35 million to $40 million hit in the second quarter? I just want to make sure Im thinking about that right.And I know youve also just given some early commentary, but anything youre hearing from your foodservice customers in China on the ground, maybe outside of the Hubei province would be helpful.
Lawrence Kurzius: Sure. So I think that your math is right. I wouldnt say that its all second quarter, but we do see a ramping up of the business, but a strong impact in the second quarter. And that youre in the right order of magnitude there in terms of the impact that we expect.Regarding the food service industry in China, most of our customers have gone - have publicly stated that their restaurants are open and they are. And consumer traffic is slowly building. That opening has occurred over a period of weeks, but our teams would confirm that the restaurants are open.And they are depending on the region, some of the areas where recovery is furthest along like in Shanghai. And theyre seeing 30% or as much as 50%. Normal traffic in places like Hubei, you know, the openings are only - they are only like a few days or weeks into them and consumers are still not confident enough or have the freedom of movement to get into those restaurants.Hope that gives you some good color. Weve got almost 3,000 people in China, including 1,000 in Wuhan. So, we have a pretty good pulse of whats actually happening on the ground there.
Peter Galbo: Got it. No, thats very helpful. You also gave some helpful commentary just around McCormicks broader performance during recessionary periods. I think one of the questions that weve been getting is just in general what kind of happens with private label in a recessionary period.So just anything you could speak to that, what you saw kind of in 2001 and maybe in 2009 in some of your categories with competition from private label?
Lawrence Kurzius: Our experience is that weve done well during those recessionary times. I dont want you to forget that were a supplier of private label. And both - private label does well, so do our brands, and weve had good growth.We, again, look back at the last two recessionary periods, and our consumer business growth was strong. I think we mentioned those numbers in the prepared remarks. Id say that our US consumer business was actually slightly stronger than the numbers that we quoted for total company.
Peter Galbo: Great. Thanks very much, guys.
Lawrence Kurzius: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ill turn the call back to Lawrence Kurzius for closing remarks.
Lawrence Kurzius: Great. Thanks, everyone for your questions and for participating on todays call. And thank you for your patience for staying over. We did want to take all of the questions. And so, weve run a little bit long. McCormick is a leader in flavor, and were differentiated with a broad and advantaged portfolio, which continues to drive growth. We have growing and profitable business and operate in an environment that is changing at an ever faster pace. We deliver flavor to all markets and channels, while responding readily to changes in the industry and the world with new ideas, innovation and purpose.One of the most significant risks to any company is being unprepared to respond with agility to a significant unexpected disruption. We are all experiencing that disruption now, and McCormick is well prepared, not only to manage through it, but to emerge stronger.With a relentless focus on growth, performance and people, we are confident our strategies will enable us to become even better positioned to drive future growth and build long-term value for our shareholders.
Kasey Jenkins: Thank you, Lawrence, and thanks to everyone for joining todays call. If you have any further questions regarding todays information, please reach out to me. This concludes the call this morning. Have a good day and hope everyone stays healthy and safe.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-01-28 08:00:00) =====
Kasey Jenkins: Good morning. This is Kasey Jenkins, Vice President of McCormick Investor Relations. Thank you for joining today's Fourth Quarter Earnings Call. To accompany this call, we posted a set of slides at ir.mccormick.com.Currently, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following our remarks, we will begin a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] We'll begin with remarks from Lawrence Kurzius, Chairman, President and CEO, and Mike Smith, Executive Vice President and CFO.During our remarks, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. These include information in constant currency, as well as adjusted operating income, adjusted income tax rate and adjusted earnings per share that exclude the impact of special charges, as well as the net non-recurring income tax benefit associated with the December 2017 US tax reform legislation and for 2018 transaction and integration expenses related to the acquisition of our Frank's and French's brand.Reconciliations to the GAAP results are included in this morning's press release and slides. In our comments, certain percentages are rounded. Please refer to our presentation, which includes the complete information.In addition, as a reminder, today's presentation contains projections and other forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from those projected. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statement, whether because of new information, future events, or other factors. As seen on slide 2, our forward-looking statement also provides information on risk factors that could affect our financial results.It is now my pleasure to turn the discussion over to Lawrence.
Lawrence Kurzius: Thank you, Kasey. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. Starting on slide 4, our fourth quarter results completed a year of solid financial performance. We drove solid sales, adjusted operating income and adjusted EPS growth as well as operating margin expansion, while continuing to make targeted investments and fuel future growth.We delivered substantial cost savings at our eighth consecutive year of record cash flow. Our sales growth and focus of profit realization drove strong financial results across both our Consumer and Flavor Solutions segment and reflects the successful execution of our strategies and the engagement of our employees around the world.We have a broad and advantaged global flavor portfolio as seen on slide 5, which continues to position us to meet the demand for flavor around the world and grow our business.This morning, you'll hear about our 2019 accomplishment, which were driven by successes across the portfolio. Our investments in new products, brand marketing, capabilities and infrastructure continue to drive growth.The breadth and reach of our portfolio across segments, geographies, channels, customers and product offerings creates a balanced portfolio to drive consistency in our performance in a volatile environment.Our highlights for the year include, in our Consumer segment, strong US branded growth and double-digit e-commerce growth across all regions. And in our flavor solutions segment, we continue to win with customers, driving base business and new product growth with Europe, Middle East and Africa, our EMEA region, driving particularly strong performance.Overall, we're confident that the breadth and reach of our portfolio continues to position us to fully meet the demand for flavor around the world and grow our business. Heading into 2020, I'm confident our operating momentum will continue.This morning, I'll begin with our fourth quarter results, reflect on our 2019 achievements and then share with you some of our 2020 business momentum and plans. After that, I'll turn it over to Mike who will go on more depth on the quarter-end results and the details of our 2020 guidance.Let's start with our fourth quarter results on slide 6. Starting with our top line, versus the year-ago period, we grew sales 1% for the total company, including a 1% unfavorable impact from currency. In constant currency, we grew sales 2%, with both segments contributing to the increase.In addition to our topline growth, we grew adjusted operating income and expanded our adjusted operating margin. Higher sales cost savings led by our comprehensive continuous improvement program, or CPI, drove the growth which was partially offset by higher brand marketing expense.At the bottom line, our fourth-quarter adjusted earnings per share of $1.61 was lower than $1.67 in the prior period or a decline of 4%. This decline includes a 7% headwind from a higher adjusted tax rate. Our adjusted operating income growth was more than offset by this tax headwind.Turning to our fourth-quarter segment business performance. In our consumer segment, we grew our constant currency sales 2% in the fourth quarter, driven by the Americas and Asia-Pacific region.The Americas, we grew constant currency sales 2%, attributable to higher volume and product mix driven by both our base business and new products. Our strong US branded performance was partially offset by declines in private label products as well as soft Canada sales performance. Overall, our US shipments were in line with strong consumer consumption across our portfolio.Our category management initiatives, effective marketing support and merchandising execution, expanded distribution and new product, all contributed to driving growth in the fourth quarter.Our IRI data indicates US McCormick branded spices and seasoning scanner sales grew in line with the category and we again had double-digit growth in unmeasured channels and our McCormick branded dry recipe mixes continued their momentum of consumption and share growth.Consumption in spices and seasonings and dry recipe mixes accelerated through the fourth quarter, both for the category and McCormick branded products, with particularly strong results in November.Our brand marketing and our strong merchandising execution drove strong holiday results. Our new product, including ONE DISH and Street Taco dry recipe mixes, continued to gain momentum and contribute to growth.As we accelerate our condiment leadership, French's mustard and Stubb's Bar-B-Q continued to grow consumption and share. Frank's hot sauce had strong performance again this quarter and over the entire Frank's portfolio, including frozen wings, seasoning blends and dry recipe mixes, we drove double-digit consumption growth as we're making further progress in our opportunities to expand this brand.Now, in the EMEA region, we're focused on driving brand growth and our success with new products and strong promotional programs has continued, particularly in the UK. Growth was tampered in other parts of the region for the quarter and the full year by declines in private label. We remain selective where we participate, aligning our strategy to optimize the profitability of our portfolio.In the Asia-Pacific region, our sales growth was driven by pricing actions with volume growth, as I've mentioned, partially impacted by macroeconomic pressures in China. Our fundamentals across the region are strong and we've driven strong growth for the full year in 2019.Let me take a moment now to mention the rapidly-evolving events in China, which we are following very closely to, first and foremost, ensure the health and safety of our employees.All of our Wuhan facility activity, from sourcing of materials to distribution of manufactured products, is contained within the Chinese market. And at this point, it is too soon to quantify any business impact.Turning now to the Flavor Solution segment. We grew sales 3% in constant currency in the fourth quarter, with all three regions benefiting from higher volume.In the Americas, we have strong flavor sales growth driven by snack seasonings, attributable to robust base business growth and new products. Across both our restaurant and packaged food customers, new products continued to drive growth in the second half of the year, following a particularly strong first half of innovation. Our momentum also continued with strong branded food service growth.Now, turning to EMEA, we drove strong constant currency sales growth. We're winning with our customers through expanded distribution, promotional activities and new product.In fact, during 2019, we were successful in this region in establishing a significant new product platform with a global customer and have achieved a 100% new product win rate with them.And finally, in the Asia-Pacific region, our fourth quarter sales growth was the best performance of the year and was partially driven by our customers' promotional activities as well as new products.Moving from our fourth quarter results, I'm pleased to share our full fiscal year accomplishments, which not only highlight what we achieved during 2019, but fuel our confidence to drive another year of strong operating performance in 2020.Now starting with our 2019 financial results, as seen on slide 9, we drove 3% constant currency sales growth, driven by new products, brand marketing investments and expanded distribution.Our consumer segment grew sales 3% in constant currency, driven by the US and China. In our Flavor Solutions segment, all three regions drove the constant currency sales growth of 3%, with particularly strong EMEA performance.We grew constant currency adjusted operating income 7%, driven by higher sales and a 60 basis points gross margin expansion, driven primarily from CCI led savings. This increase, combined with the lower interest expense and an increase in income from unconsolidated operations, drove an 8% increase in adjusted earnings per share to $5.35 for fiscal 2019 including an unfavorable impact of currency exchange rates versus last year.With higher sales and CCI, we increased our adjusted operating margin to 18.3%, which is an 80 basis point expansion from last year. We expanded adjusted operating margin in both of our segments, while also making investments to drive continued growth.We reached a record $119 million of annual cost savings, driven by our CCI program to fuel our growth. We realized $463 million in CCI-led cost savings over the last four years, exceeding our four-year $400 million goal, and there continues to be a long runway in 2020 and beyond to deliver additional cost savings.2019 was an eighth consecutive year of record cash flow from operations, ending the year at $947 million, a 15% increase from last year. We're making great progress with our working capital improvements and expect the programs we've put in place will continue the momentum in 2020.Our strong cash flow is enabling us to make great progress in paying down our acquisition debt and we further reduced our net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio, as Mike will discuss further in a few minutes.At year-end, our Board of Directors announced a 9% increase in the quarterly dividend, marking our 34th consecutive year of dividend increases. We have paid dividends every year since 1925 and are proud to be a dividend aristocrat.Now, I'd like to comment on some of our 2019 achievements beyond our financial performance. New products remain integral to our sales growth, with 8% of 2019 sales from product launches in the last three years.In our consumer segment, where new product innovation differentiates our brand and strengthens our relevance with our consumer, our robust 2019 launches across all regions accelerated our new product growth rate and we're excited about the momentum they're ability.In our flavor solutions segment, we're capitalizing on our differentiated culinary foundation, customer collaboration and technology platform. We realized particularly strong new product sales growth in 2019 with packaged food companies, while new product growth with quick service restaurants was tempered through the stronger core item focus, particularly in the APG region, which we mentioned throughout the year.Brand marketing is the key driver of sales growth and we've made significant investments supporting our brands over the last few years. In 2019, we continued to optimize our brand marketing spend, leveraging our scale and getting more value out of each marketing dollar, enabling us to maintain a comparable level of spend to last year while delivering an 11% increase in the Americas working media.Our marketing excellence organization drove greater speed, quality and effectiveness across our programs, notably in our digital marketing. In 2019, our digital leadership was recognized again by Gartner L2 research. McCormick was ranked number 1 on their digital IQ index for food and the only food brand to earn the title of genius, their top distinction. This marked our sixth consecutive year in the top five ranking of over 100 food and beverage brands on the effectiveness of our digital website, social media, e-commerce and mobile platforms.Our investments and resources across e-commerce are also paying off. We're delivering global growth and have positioned ourselves for future acceleration. We drove double-digit sales growth in all regions, resulting in global e-commerce growth of 44%, driven by both strong pure play and omni-channel performance.We're making measurable progress toward our 2025 sustainability goal and just last week issued our most recent purpose-led performance report.We're being recognized for our efforts. During 2019, we were recognized for the third consecutive year as a DiversityInc Top 50 Company. And at the recent 2020 Davos World Economic Forum, Corporate Knights ranked McCormick in our 2020 global 100 Most Sustainable Corporations Index as number one in the food products industry for the fourth consecutive year.Just last week as well, we announced the election of Anne Bramman to our Board of Directors and is currently the CFO of Nordstrom with extensive financial and leadership experience and brings an exciting new background to the board in digital e-commerce and online retail shopping.Anne's history of driving growth and productivity for companies with leading brands as well as her broad financial expertise makes her a great fit for McCormick. We look forward to Anne's further strengthening the impressive group of leaders that comprise our board.Mike will go over our 2020 guidance in a few moments, but I'd like to mention a few highlights related to our growth momentum and plan, our significant business transformation plan and provide some summary comments on slide 11.At the foundation of our sales growth rate is the rising global consumer demand for great taste and healthy eating. Consumers have an increased interest in creating flavor experiences with bold, rich, authentic flavors, while also demanding convenience. Additionally, consumers are focused on fresh, natural and recognizable ingredients with greater transparency around the sourcing and quality of food and consumers want to know about the environmental and social impact behind the brands they buy.Flavor continues to be an advantaged global category and our products inspire flavor exploration and are the essential complement to real fresh food.We deliver flavor across all markets and through all channels and are aligned with consumers' demand for flavor, convenience, health and sustainably-minded business practices.Our alignment with these long-term trends, our breath and reach, combined with our execution of effective strategies positions us well to meet increased consumer demand, both through our product and through our customers' product and bolsters our confidence to drive sales growth across both segments.Across our consumer segment, our 2020 plan includes to further drive our undisputed leadership in spices and seasonings, accelerate our condiment global platform and fuel our growth in emerging markets and channels, as well as an on-trend fast-growing platform.With our investments in brand marketing, category management, analytical capability and new products, as well as our drive to strengthen our connection with the consumer, we expect to drive further sales growth.For our flavor solution segment, the execution of our strategy to migrate our portfolio to more technically inflated and value-added categories will continue in 2020. The top line opportunities gained from our global investments to expand our flavor scale as well as with our momentum in flavor categories such as savory product and beverages and in branded food service, we expect to realize further results from this strategy. Driven by our best-in-class customer engagement, we also expect to continue our new product momentum. Beyond our strategies to drive sales growth, we're also making business transformation investments to create capacity for continued growth.Turning now to slide 12, we're implementing a global operating model across our entire organization to deliver globally aligned and simplified processes that will allow us to grow at scale through increased digitalization and automation.As technology is the backbone for this model, we've begun the process of replacing our existing disparate ERP systems with SAP HANA, a single global system. Our last ERP implementation was in the early 2000s. And since then, we have more than doubled in size.This growth, as well as changes in technology and SAP's plans to discontinue support of the current platform, requires us to invest once again to modernize our ERP system and transform our business processes.We want to be ahead of the curve in achieving an advanced integrated platform, which will allow us to realize the benefits of a scalable platform for growth sooner and enable growth in line with our aspirations.This is a multiyear program during which we will continually learn and adjust as we progress through a full global implementation. We have recently completed milestones for our global template and it's made up based on our implementation plan which we expect will drive greater benefits and lower risk at a higher estimated total program cost.With the completion of these milestones, we have broadened our program cost estimate to include estimates related to the go-live activities in our operations, which we are now able to estimate.As such, we have added these expenses to our information system technology cost, the basis for our previously communicated range of $150 million to $200 million. We are now projecting the total cost of our ERP investment to range between $300 million and $350 million from 2019 through the anticipated completion of our global rollout in fiscal 2022, with an estimated split of 40% capital spending and 60% operating expense.As such, the total operating expense impact for the entire program is estimated to be between $180 million and $210 million. In fiscal 2020, we're protecting our total operating expense impact to be approximately $80 million, which is an incremental $60 million over fiscal 2019.Notwithstanding this significant incremental investment in 2020, we expect growth in our underlying business to remain strong. And while the deployment activities will continue through 2022, we expect to return to our normal growth algorithm in 2021. Mike will discuss the 2020 financial impact of the program further in his outlook remark.I'd like to now share highlights of the updated plan. We've now included in our program cost, as I just mentioned, projected expenses related to go-live activities such as inventory builds and pre-go live operating expenses.The inclusion of these costs drives nearly half of the increase in our operating expense projection. We are also extending our deployment schedule and increasing training and support, all to further mitigate risk. This strengthens our change management plan and represents the second biggest driver of our projected increase.Next, we plan to drive greater business transformation, including integrating certain other software applications within our global HANA solution.Finally, we've also identified additional opportunities to drive greater financial benefits after stabilization of each of our phase deployments.These updates will drive greater benefits and lower risk. We are excited about this investment to enable us to transform our ways of working and realize the benefits of a scalable growth platform.Throughout 2020, we will periodically provide high-level updates on the progress of the program. Our overarching focus, though, will be to continue highlighting the strength of our operating performance.Our achievements in 2019, our effective growth strategy as well as our robust operating momentum all bolster our confidence in delivering another strong year of growth and performance in 2020.We're looking forward to sharing more details regarding our 2020 growth plans and our business transformation initiatives in just a few weeks at CAGNY.To summarize, on slide 13, before turning it over to Mike, we achieved solid financial results in 2019. We're driving strong momentum in sales growth and we're continuing to drive sales growth balanced with our focus on lowering costs to expand margins and sustainably realize long-term earnings growth.We have a solid foundation and, in an environment that continues to be dynamic and fast-paced, we're ensuring we remain agile, relevant [technical difficulty] long-term sustainable growth.Our fundamentals momentum and growth outlook are stronger than ever. Our experienced leaders and employees are executing on our strategies, which are designed to build long-term value for our shareholders.With our 2019 results, they have again proved to be effective and we're confident they will prove effective again in 2020. In 2020, we continued to differentiator our brand, build capabilities and make investments for growth that will continue to move McCormick forward.Our top-tier long-term growth objectives remain unchanged and, in our 2020 outlook, reflect the small strong underlying business performance and necessary significant investments in business transformation to achieve those long-term objectives. Mike will discuss this more in a few moments.I want to recognize McCormick employees around the world and thank them for their dedicated efforts on engagement. The collective power of our people drives our momentum and our success.With this power and our effective strategies, we are well-positioned to achieve continued growth in 2020, while also driving transformation to fuel growth into the future.Thank you for your attention. And it is now my pleasure to turn it over to Mike for additional remarks on our 2019 financial results and the detail on our 2020 guidance.
Mike Smith: Thanks, Lawrence. And good morning, everyone. I will now provide some additional comments on our fourth-quarter performance and full-year results, as well as detail on our 2020 outlook.Starting on slide 15, during the fourth quarter, we grew sales 2% in constant currency, driven by both our consumer and flavor solutions segments.The consumer segment grew sales 2% in constant currency. This growth was driven by the Americas and Asia Pacific regions.On slide 16, consumer segment sales in the Americas rose 2% in constant currency versus the fourth quarter of 2018. This increase was driven by strong US branded growth, partially offset by declines in private label products and soft Canada sales performance.In EMEA, constant currency consumer sales were down 1% from a year ago, primarily due to declines in private label products. We grew consumer sales in the Asia-Pacific region 3% in constant currency, driven by pricing and promotional activities. Sales growth in India were strong due to e-commerce and holiday promotional activity.Turning to o our flavor solutions segment and slide 19, we grew fourth quarter constant currency sales 3%, driven by continued strength in our EMEA region. In the Americas, flavor solutions constant currency sales increased 3%, driven by new products and base business growth, with continued momentum in snack seasonings and branded food service.In the EMEA, we grew flavor solution sales 5% in constant currency. Sales growth in the quick service restaurant and packaged food companies was driven by new products, base business volume growth and pricing.In the Asia-Pacific region, flavor solution sales grew 2% in constant currency as higher sales to quick service restaurants were partially driven by the timing of their promotional activity.As seen on slide 23, fourth-quarter adjusted operating income, which excludes special charges, increased 3% or 4% in constant currency versus the year-ago period. Adjusted operating income in the consumer segment rose to $227 million, a 1% increase, which was the same in constant currency.In the flavor solutions segment, adjusted operating income rose 11% to $76 million, which in constant currency was a 12% increase.Growth in both segments was primarily driven by higher sales, CCI-led cost savings and a one-time 2019 global benefit plan alignment, with some offset from incentive compensation.Incentive compensation was partially due to, and offset by, favorable results realized below operating income, such as interest expense and income from unconsolidated operations.In the consumer segment, a 7% increase in brand marketing versus the fourth quarter of last year unfavorably impacted the consumer adjusted operating income growth. Flavor solutions growth was favorably impacted by product mix.For the fiscal year, the increase in adjusted operating income in constant currency was 7% and we expanded adjusted operating income margin 80 basis points, with both segments contributing to the growth.In constant currency, the consumer segment grew adjusted operating income 7%, while the flavor solutions segment grew adjusted operating income 5%.As seen on slide 24, gross profit margin expanded 120 basis points in the fourth quarter versus the year-ago period, as we have planned, and for the full year expanded 60 basis points, driven by CCI-led cost savings.Our selling, general and administrative expense as a percentage of net sales increased by 80 basis points from the fourth quarter of 2018. Leverage from sales growth and CCI-led cost savings were more than offset by increases in both planned brand marketing and additional incentive compensation expense.Turning to income taxes on slide 25. Our fourth quarter adjusted effective tax rate was 24.7% as compared to 19% in the year-ago period. Our fourth-quarter adjusted rate in year-ago period was favorably impacted by discrete items, principally a higher level of stock option exercises.For the full year, our adjusted tax rate was 19.5% which is comparable to 2018. Income from unconsolidated operations increased 7% in the fourth quarter of 2019 and 18% for the full year with strong performance by McCormick De Mexico joint venture driving both comparisons. For 2020, we expect a mid to high single digit increase in our income from unconsolidated operations.At the bottom line, as shown on slide 27, fourth-quarter 2019 adjusted earnings per share was $1.61 as compared to $1.67 for the year-ago period. The decline was mainly due to a higher adjusted income tax rate versus last year, with partial offsets from higher adjusted operating income and lower interest expense. And this comparison also includes an unfavorable impact of currency rates.On slide 28, we summarize highlights for cash flow and the year-end balance sheet. Our cash flow provided from operations ended the year at a record high of $947 million compared to $821 million in 2018. For the fiscal year, our cash conversion cycle was significantly better than the year-ago period, down 22% or 12 days as we executed against program to achieve working capital reductions.We returned a portion of this cash flow to our shareholders through dividends and paid down debt, reducing our acquisition debt during the fiscal year by $436 million. Of our $1.5 billion in acquisition-related term notes, we have now paid down $1.25 billion and we finished the year with a net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio of 3.4 times.Our capital expenditures were $174 million in 2019 and included initial spending related to the transition of our ERP platform, as well as growth and optimization projects across the globe.In 2020, we expect our capital expenditures to be higher than 2019 to support our investments to drive growth, including our ERP business transformation investment.As of year-end, $32 million remained of a $600 million share repurchase program that was authorized by our board of directors in March 2015. An additional $600 million share repurchase program was authorized by our Board of Directors in November 2019.We expect 2020 to be another year of strong cash flow, driven by profit and working capital initiatives, and our priority is to continue to have a balanced use of cash, making investments to drive growth, returning a significant portion to our shareholders through dividends and to pay down debt.Let's now move to our current financial outlook for 2020 on slide 29 and 30. We're well-positioned for another year of underlying solid performance, with our broad and advantaged flavor portfolio, effective growth strategies and focus on profit realization.As Lawrence mentioned, in 2020, we expect adjusted operating income and adjusted earnings per share growth to reflect strong underlying business performance, offset by significant incremental investment associated with the business transformation, our ERP replacement program, and a higher projected effective tax rate. We also expect there to be a minimal impact of currency rates.At the top line, we expect to grow sales 2% to 4%. This increase is expected to be entirely organic growth as no incremental impact from acquisitions is planned, and will be driven primarily by higher volume and product mix from new products, expanded distribution and brand marketing as well as the impact of pricing, which in conjunction with cost savings is expected to offset anticipated mid-single-digit inflationary pressures.Our 2020 gross profit margin is expected to be 25 basis points to 75 basis points higher than 2019, in part driven by our CCI-led cost savings.Our adjusted operating income growth rate, excluding the incremental business transformation impact, reflects expected strong underlying business performance driven by sales growth, and it's projected to be a 5% to 7% increase from $979 million.This includes our cost savings target of approximately $105 million and an expected mid-single-digit increase in brand marketing investments, which will be heavier in the first half of the year.As Lawrence mentioned earlier, we are projecting an incremental operating expense impact of $60 million versus 2019 related to our ERP replacement program. This impact lowers our adjusted operating growth rate by 600 basis points, resulting in our total expected adjusted operating income to be comparable to 2019, plus or minus 1%. We expect the ERP expenses to be higher in the second half of the year.Our 2020 adjusted effective income tax rate is projected to be approximately 22% based upon our estimated mix of earnings by geography as well as factoring in a level of discrete impacts, the most significant of which occurred during the first quarter of 2020 related to a refinement to our entity structure.For the remaining quarters, we estimate a tax rate of 23%, thus driving our full-year outlook of 22%. This outlook versus our 2019 adjusted effective tax rate is approximately 300 basis point headwind through our 2020 adjusted earnings per share growth.Our change in projected 2020 adjusted earnings per share from 2019 is expected to be driven by strong underlying business performance growth of 7% to 9%, the unfavorable tax headwind I just mentioned and an estimated unfavorable 700 basis point impact from our incremental ERP investment.Our guidance range for the adjusted earnings per share in 2020 is $5.20 to $5.30 compared to $5.35 of adjusted earnings per share in 2019.In summary, we are projecting strong underlying business performance in our 2020 outlook, offset by a significant incremental ERP investment associated with business transformation and a higher projected effective tax rate.Turning to slide 31, I want to discuss our track record of achieving our constant currency long-term financial objectives. As we have said, our long-term sales growth objective is 4% to 6% with base business, new products and acquisitions each contributing a third. Additionally, our long-term objective is to grow adjusted operating income 7% to 9%. This coupled with our approach to capital allocation results in our long-term adjusted earnings per share growth objective of 9% to 11%.Given there's variability in our business from year to year, especially related to transformational events, we evaluate our performance against these objectives over several years. With that said, a review of our five-year compounded annual growth rates, which includes our 2020 guidance, projects that our five-year compounded annual sales and adjusted operating income growth rate are expected to exceed our long-term objectives. Additionally, our adjusted earnings per share performance is also in line with our long-term objective.On a final note, while we have a significant transformational investment in 2020, we expect to return to our normal growth algorithm in 2021. As Lawrence mentioned, our foundation is strong, our strategy is effective and we're generating results in line with our objectives.I'd like to now turn it back to Lawrence for some additional remarks before we move to your questions.
Lawrence Kurzius: Thank you, Mike. Now that Mike has shared our financial results and outlook in more detail, I'd like to recap the key takeaways as seen on slide 32. We delivered solid organic sales, adjusted operating profit and adjusted earnings per share growth in 2019. We expanded adjusted operating profit margin and drove strong results in both segments.Our 2020 outlook reflects strong operating performance driven by a solid foundation, continued strong momentum and the successful execution of proven growth strategy. Our underlying business is robust, with offsetting impact from an incremental business transformation expense and a significant tax headwind.We're confident that 2020 will be another successful year and we will continue to build long-term value. Importantly, we are continuing to deliver differentiated results, while significantly investing for growth to build the McCormick of the future. We'll share more about these transformation investments at CAGNY in a few weeks.Now, let's turn to your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Please proceed with your questions.
Andrew Lazar: Good morning, everybody.
Lawrence Kurzius: Good morning, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar: Hi there. Just one quick one on ERP and then just one on private label. With ERP, I guess, on the operating expense piece, I think, as you mentioned, the cost is now expected to be about $195 million at the midpoint versus the $60 million to $80 million before giving the go-live piece that you mentioned. So, as we think ahead to fiscal 2021, I assume there's likely still another incremental step up on operating expense where previously maybe fiscal 2020 was expected to be the bulk of the investment. So, in your comment around getting back to the algorithm in 2021, is it that a big chunk of one-time expense from 2020 goes away and then you've got an incremental expense in 2021? I'm trying to get a sense of what the offset is to that incremental cost in 2021.
Lawrence Kurzius: Hey, Andrew. Let me start and then I'll also let Mike comment on that. That's a great question and a great thing to clarify. So, it is still our expectation that 2020 is the peak in the ramp-up of the expenses from business transformation and ERP. We don't have a real roll-off of those expenses in 2021. They continue at a high expense level. But the ramp-up is done, and so we expect to be back to algorithm in 2021, really all-in. And then, those expenses start to ramp  those expenses ramp down in 2022. So, I hope that's clarifying. Mike?
Mike Smith: Yeah. In 2020, we'll have expenses for the pilot as we mentioned and also  it's our heavy investment year. 2022 and 2023 is when we get the wind down and the benefits really kick in for us.
Lawrence Kurzius: 2020, we've got to build the whole global template and spend it up. And then, when we go-live with our pilots, we actually have to start depreciating and realize all the expense for that.
Andrew Lazar: Got you. And does ERP by the way  I don't think is the case, but would an implementation of a program like this impact sort of ability to integrate acquisitions at all were or is that really a separate aspect?
Lawrence Kurzius: I think that's a separate aspect. Our priority, of course, is growth. And so, if we had an attractive asset that we wanted to buy, we would adjust our ERP plans in order to accommodate it. So, we've been thoughtful about that internally and we don't believe that it would interfere with our ability to do an acquisition of the right asset, whether it be a bolt-on or a large one.
Andrew Lazar: Great. And then, just quick on private label, you talked about some of the weakness in private label in consumer Americas. And I guess I'm just trying to get a little more perspective or color around that, whether it was a one-off, like particular retailer thing, was it McCormick losing private label share or overall private label slowing. I'm trying to get a sense of if this is something we think about as you move through into 2020 or somewhat more of a one-off, not that it's a bad thing for margins, of course?
Lawrence Kurzius: Exactly. So, that's actually part of the answer. So, the private label was one of the factors in Q4 that was down. And we talked about in Q3, it was up. And I would think this is just the kind of the normal ebb and flow of this business. Private label is not as strong as it was a year ago and you can see that through the consumption data, and that's reflected in our performance as well. I think this is more of a kind of a normal ebb and flow in that part of the business.We are selective about where we participate, and so there are always a level of wins and losses; we want to participate in private label where it's a strategic value to us and also where frankly it's profitable.I think you can see that, as you look at our fourth quarter in the Americas in particular, brand came in strong, private label was light, and that change in mix shift flows right through in the margin [indiscernible].
Andrew Lazar: Yeah. Great. Thanks very much. See you soon.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Ken Goldman with J.P. Morgan. Please proceed with your question.
Ken Goldman: Hi. Good morning. And thank you.
Lawrence Kurzius: Hi, Ken. Good morning.
Ken Goldman: Hi. I just wanted to ask. I know it's way too early to talk about the impact of coronavirus. But I wanted to make sure that maybe I had my facts straight on it. So, can I ask a couple of questions on maybe exactly what your setup is there. I think you have one plant in Wuhan. I don't think it's two. It's one. Is that correct?
Lawrence Kurzius: That's correct.
Ken Goldman: And, I guess, the follow-up would be, is that plant operating today and is there any way for us to sort of quantify how much that contributes to your sales or EBIT? Can the other plants maybe pick up some of the slack if that plant doesn't happen to be operating? I just wanted to kind of get some of the lay of the land there to how to think about that.
Lawrence Kurzius: So, I'll say a few words about this. Of course, our concern, first and foremost, is for the health and safety of our employees and around product safety. So, I want to emphasize a lot of our efforts and responses are directed to that. We don't disclose our China sales specifically, but we do talk about  as you know, anything that's over 10%, we do have to spell out. Well, China is a large country for us. It's our largest after the US. It's less than 10% of our sales and quite a bit less than 10% of our profitability even though that is a profitable business. I think it's too early to really know what the impact is going to be on us.We've got three plants in China. One is in Shanghai, one in Guangzhou and one in Wuhan. Right now, all of them are closed. It's the Chinese New Year holiday. They closed in the normal course of business actually before all the government restrictions were put in place. So, this was a very orderly, plant-full shutdown for their regular holiday season. Normally, there's about a 10-day shutdown period for the Chinese New Year.If everything was normal, they'd have reopened for business on February 2 along with the rest of the  February 3. I think it's the Monday for resumption of shipments. And that's actually the date that the government has put out for most of the country to reopen operations.The city of Shanghai has put in a special restriction, saying that companies can't reopen until February 10. But other than that, there's really no new news for us. And so far, it's not a business interruption. I think it really remains to be seen how far this goes.Certainly, the reduction in people traveling, being able to go out to eat, being able to shop at the grocery stores is not a positive for business. We can't really quantify it right now. We certainly think more facts will come out over the coming days really and we'll be better able to understand what the real business impact is.
Ken Goldman: Okay, that's very helpful. I guess just a quick follow-up and then I'm going to go.
Lawrence Kurzius: If there's one thing to kind of caution around our first half of the year, it's the uncertainty around this.
Ken Goldman: That's exactly where I was going to go. Is it safe to say that your guidance includes a little bit of conservatism just because of the uncertainty or is it really just so uncertain that it's not worth even estimating at all in your numbers?
Mike Smith: Ken, I think it's a consideration. Definitely something in the last week or two, we've thought hard about. Yes, I'd say so.The other point I'd raise too, this Wuhan manufacturing facility, we source from China and sell into China. There's really no external
Lawrence Kurzius: Very good point.
Mike Smith: So, it's really within country.
Ken Goldman: Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Steven Strycula with UBS. Please proceed with your questions.
Steven Strycula: Hi. Good morning. So, first question would be more of an operational one. I just want to know, relative to internal plan, what if anything kind of deviated in the fourth quarter trends? It sounds like, at a high level, it might've been private label. And just to clarify a little bit more from Andrew Lazar's question, is there any kind of read forward into 2020 about that state of the business or was there really just a lumpiness between Q3 and Q4?
Lawrence Kurzius: First of all, at the end of the  on our Q3 call, we did guide through the low end of our range for a variety of reasons. We talked about some unseasonable weather impact and the warehouse transition in our flavor solution side on the Americas part. And those factors did spill into Q4 really in the September timeframe, in particular. So, we did come in a little light due to those factors rolling forward, especially in September, and some softness in private label in Canada that we mentioned in our prepared remarks.I would think that the Canada softness is nonrecurring. It related to the promotional activity that we didn't repeat and we see that as a nonrecurring factor. The private label, probably I would expect that to carry into the early part of the year as well. So, that will be the one carryforward item. So, those were some of the negatives.I will say, on the positive side, the quarter started a little soft, as I had mentioned. We had unseasonable weather in September in the Americas. We did have some hangover from the warehouse transition. But it's got stronger as we went through the quarter and definitely finished on the strong side. We had strong consumer consumption and strong branded growth, which as I had on Andrew's question. You can see in our margin, the flavor solutions was really solid other than the warehouse issue early in the quarter. So, I wouldn't think there's anything untoward there and really no reason to  I don't really think of anything as being a negative there that would carry forward.
Steven Strycula: Okay, that's very helpful. And then, a quick follow-up for Mike. I know it's extremely early to even think about 2021. Just wanted to understand the cadence you laid out for the ERP system. So, for 2021, would that imply that the residual left over balance would be  that runs through the P&L is roughly $80 million to $115 million and then the tax rate this year is 22$ including discrete items. Is the normalized rate, given what we know about tax reform at this point, probably 24% for the company? How should we think about it?
Mike Smith: I think if you look at the fourth quarter tax rate, which was 24.7%, it's going to be in that range. We didn't  hardly have any discrete items in the fourth quarter. So, yeah, the underlying tax rate is in that range. Of course, we're always looking to optimize structure and things like that to help drive that.From an ERP perspective, like we said, there's a lot of cost going into 2020 and 2021. 2021 is when we really have the big deployments. We had the pilots this year and we're building out the global model in 2020. Those are the big years. We'll have some expenses out into 2022 and 2023 as we bring up some of the other regions, but they'll fall off pretty rapidly.
Steven Strycula: Okay. And is any of that $80 million this year included in that $0.05 charge that you're adjusting out of operating earnings?
Mike Smith: No, no, none of this program is going through special charges. This is all just going right through the P&L, normal GAAP.
Steven Strycula: Very helpful. Thank you.
Lawrence Kurzius: Thanks.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Alexia Howard with AllianceBernstein. Please proceed with your questions.
Alexia Howard: Good morning, everyone.
Lawrence Kurzius: Hi, Alexia.
Alexia Howard: So, I've just got two quick ones. The operating income trend between consumer and flavor solutions, it was up very modestly this quarter in consumer, but up double digits in in the flavor solutions side. Just wondering, will the brand marketing investment continue to pressure margins in the consumer side and can the margins in the flavor solutions side of things continue to expand like this, so that they continue to converge over time? And then, I have a follow-up. Thank you.
Mike Smith: Yeah, Alexia. This is Mike. We saw in the second half of the year, flavor solutions margins did improve. We had a tough comparison in the first half because of the transactional FX rates. Those did ease in the second half, like we talked about earlier in the year. So, we do see those favorable trends continue as FX really for 2020 is going to be a neutral impact versus negative 2-ish percent in 2019. So, that's a favorable trend there. And we do see continued optimization of our portfolio, more value-added products in flavor solutions to help drive margins upward.On the consumer side, in this year, in 2018, our advertising increased about 18%. So, in 2019, we basically have spent comparable  we decided we were going to optimize our spend, form the marketing excellence program. And even though our A&P spendings were flat, our working media was up double-digits. So, we really got the optimization there.
Lawrence Kurzius: And we also changed  we skewed it. So, if you recall, in the first half, we were below year ago. In the second half, we were above. And that's what you're seeing in the fourth quarter, operating income coming through kind of  I won't say hoarded it, but we should skew the A&P towards the fourth quarter where it frankly  where it has the highest ROI. And you'll see, in the next year, as we said in the prepared remarks, we were going to outspend A&P. The comparison is easier in the first half of the year where we'll have increases in A&P a little above our full-year guidance.[Multiple Speakers] it's really effective.
Alexia Howard: Great. And as a follow-up, acquisitions, I think in previous commentary, you had said you were looking internationally and possibly at the flavor solutions side of things. Has that thinking changed as you think about the larger scale deals that might be on your radar screen? Thank you. And I'll pass it on.
Lawrence Kurzius: I'd say, there's no change in our thinking about acquisition. If we were to do a bolt-on size acquisition that contributed to our international business to kind of balance out the skew that we've got towards the Americas right now, that would be a plus. Flavor solutions, we're certainly interested in assets in that flavor space. And those are certainly areas where we would be looking to fish. And the same set of the larger assets that we have on our internal tracker are still out there in the market. There have been some large transactions in the space. They were not things that we were targeting.
Alexia Howard: Great. Thank you very much. I'll pass it on.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Faiza Alwy with Deustche Bank. Please proceed with your questions.
Faiza Alwy: Hi. Good morning.
Lawrence Kurzius: Good morning, Faiza.
Faiza Alwy: Morning. So, two questions from me. One is just on  is it possible for you to disaggregate as you think about 2020 outlook between the flavors business versus the consumer business? Are you expecting more growth in one segment versus the other?
Lawrence Kurzius: We expect the guidance for both businesses in the 2% to 4%, which is consistent with our strategy [indiscernible]. We feel there's opportunities [technical difficulty].
Faiza Alwy: Okay. Just I wanted to talk about cash flow a little bit, especially as it relates to the deployment of ERP and what that would mean for the cash conversion cycle in 2020 and beyond. And then relatedly, if you could discuss your capital allocation priorities because you have de-levered quite a bit. You're getting closer to your three times target. But then you've talked about a new share repurchase program and you just talked about acquisitions. So, how should we think about sort of your priorities for cash in 2020?
Mike Smith: Those are great questions. On cash conversion cycle, yeah, we're down 44 days since 2016. So, we really put a lot of effort into our program across all components of working capital. We do see there's a lot of runway to go here with extending terms and other programs. We do, however, also realize that sometime this year we're going to start building inventory which will eat into some of those gains, but I think the opportunities overall still do outweigh some of that inventory build. I don't want to give you a cash conversion cycle forecast. I don't want to get into that much detail, but we still do think there are some opportunities.And the nice thing is once we get these go-lives behind us, we do think there's a lot of benefits from a working capital perspective from being on one global system. So, as part of the return that we're expecting from our ERP investment quite frankly.From a capital allocation perspective, you're right, we're down to 3.4 times debt to EBITDA. We're going to continue paying down debt this year in the absence of M&A targets as we promised. We reauthorized $600 million of buyback. We were down to $32 million. We're using that as stock options we've got to exercise for neutralizing the impact there. In the near term, we'll continue to do that. We don't see any large stock purchase or anything like that. M&A is obviously where we  paying down debt and attractive M&A targets to drive growth are two best uses of cash.
Lawrence Kurzius: And we've looked at some targets. So, we're actively considering assets that come available. We feel that we have a clear line of sight to getting down to our target. We don't think that we actually have to literally get there. So, we're not going to let a great asset get away.
Faiza Alwy: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your questions.
Robert Moskow: Hi, thank you. I might have missed it, but the reason for the increase in the cost of the ERP system was to have a broader estimate, I guess, for the go-live activity. But I think you did have an estimate before for the go-live activity. So, what changed between now and a few months ago to have it expand that much?
Lawrence Kurzius: The outlook that we gave previously were literally the program costs around the IT program itself. They did not include the broader business impact and preparation of the business which we're now giving quantification of and guiding to All of the costs associated with building and holding inventory and business preparation is about 50% of the increase in the OpEx component that we're talking about here. And our concern here is really to make sure that we have a smooth go live without any disruption to our customers and to mitigate risk around these go-lives. That would be our hope that they go smoothly and we've gotten a lot of experience in going live with SAP. So, we're not neophytes to this. We did just go  brought up all of the RB Foods business on our old version of SAP very smoothly and we would hope that this goes smoothly, but we don't want to just hope. We want to make sure that we're really doing the things that it takes to mitigate that risk. That's a portion of it.And then also, we haven't given any kind of window into some of the other expenses. We have software as a service that we start to realize and the depreciation costs which I'm probably better off letting Mike talk about. So, I'm going to stop on that point right now and let you take over on that.But then the second piece is also around mitigating risk, strengthening to change management program. So, we've taken that a lot deeper. As we've looked at this, we just have really been thoughtful about identifying areas where there might be  a business might be at risk or if something doesn't go right or where  we're not taking for granted, people working in a plant, looking at new screens are going to get it quickly. So, we've really doubled down on the change management program, the number of super users that are embedded in the business and we've extended the deployment schedule just a little bit following the pilot to make sure that we've got time to adjust if anything does surprise us in the pilots which again we don't have any reason to believe it will, but we're trying to be thoughtful and mitigate the risk as much as we can. Go ahead, Rob.
Robert Moskow: I guess if you've given us a conservative estimate here, it's now in the organic kind of EBIT growth algorithm. So, if there's improvement versus that cost, will you kind of give us an update and tell us to the extent to which it's kind of upside to any given year?
Lawrence Kurzius: Obviously, we will, Rob. We realize this is a multiyear program, but we will definitely be very transparent with this.
Robert Moskow: Yeah.
Mike Smith: I'll just say, these programs are expensive. They are multiyear. They are major, broad, enterprise-wide programs. And it is a lot of money, but we believe the price tag is in line with the experience that others have had when you consider the all-in cost.
Robert Moskow: Right, okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your questions.
Adam Samuelson: Yes, thanks. Good morning, everyone. I was hoping to just get a little bit more color on the inflation guidance that you've given for the mid-single digits and the ability on part to offset that with pricing. Just, A, where categories of buy where you're seeing kind of inflation at or above those kinds of levels, like what's really driving it? And second, on the pricing side would seem to imply about 100 basis points of pricing in the revenue growth guidance, just any specific categories or geographies where that might be an outsized benefit?
Mike Smith: Yeah, Adam. This is Mike. From a cost perspective, we're seeing pretty broad based increase across a lot of items. Some are declining. Some like garlic are going up, but pretty much every category has seen inflation higher than the last couple of years, whether it's packaging, shipments from overseas or some new regulations there are causing some increases. So, I don't want to pin it on one thing, but from a pricing perspective, we've obviously built that into our plans.
Lawrence Kurzius: Yeah. I don't think we want to break out that pricing portion of the guidance separately, but the pricing we are planning to take contributes to the confidence we have on our outlook for 2020. That's for sure. And I'll say that when we do take pricing, we know there're some elasticity impact as well, so we're considering that as well. But just because we're taking pricing doesn't mean it's literally added to the results that we realize in the absence of pricing. You have to consider pricing and volume together.
Mike Smith: I'll also add that we've got  there's always some commercial tension in the discussions about pricing. So, I don't want to get overly specific about where we are. I can say that, in the Americas, we've really completed our pricing negotiations and have that resolved, and those pricing changes are going into effect as scheduled. In other parts of the world, it varies somewhat by market sometimes because of statutory reasons. But we'd expect to have it all in place by the end of the first half.So, you'll see a ramp up in pricing most likely during the year, our results.
Adam Samuelson: Okay. That's helpful color. And then, just quickly from me a follow up. If we go back 12 months last year, in November, you had a challenging Thanksgiving in the US. And just want to make sure that, as we look at the kind of sales performances in this quarter in the Americas, that returned back to normal and mix was  seems to be variable given the private label decline, but as it relates to some of the premium Thanksgiving ingredients that you sell, that all  that there was something [Multiple Speakers]
Lawrence Kurzius: spices and seasonings business shift, as I mentioned. Consumption was strong. We shipped well ahead of consumption as we lapped that dip on those branded items and that's definitely a contributor to the strong gross margin in the quarter. That's really where you see that through. There is an offset. So, it's less visible on the top line. As we said, that soft  I'd say the lower private label sales and some softness in Canada.
Adam Samuelson: Okay, I appreciate the color. I'll pass it on. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from line of Chris Growe with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Chris Growe: Hi, good morning.
Lawrence Kurzius: Hi, Chris.
Chris Growe: Hi. I just wanted to kind of follow-on the last question, the point you made. Just to be clear on the private label side. Are you talking a weakness in the category or have you lost some private label business perhaps even intentionally just to understand the magnitude of the decline in the fourth quarter? It seems like it was larger than I expected. Is that because of the category or?
Lawrence Kurzius: Well, those category turns on private label are nowhere near what they were a year ago or two years ago. So, we see that flatten out. But really, it's just  I don't want to over-bake it here. Third quarter private label was unusually strong. It was a little softer in the fourth quarter and I'd say that this is just kind of normal ebb and flow in that business.
Chris Growe: Okay. And just a second question if I could around  and you talked about before, you had some cost inflation built in for the year, mid-single digits. You've got some pricing you've noted and we don't really get into the timing and the amount of that. I guess what I'm trying to understand is, when I add in the cost savings, I guess I'll call them CCI cost saving, $105 million, why is it not sufficient then to offset the ERP spending? Is it because you have to offset some inflation or where are those savings getting kind of eaten up to where they can't offset this incremental expense in ERP spending?
Mike Smith: Chris, this is Mike. There's a $60 million incremental investment we're making this year that we wouldn't have in a normal year. So, I wouldn't expect CCI to offset that. CCI, what it does is it drops through the P&L. It covers things like increased advertising as we make more investments in things, increased SG&A costs for salary. Actually, if you look at our guidance for next year, we have about 50 basis points adjusted operating profit increase which is our long term algorithm. So, I think the value is, we can't expect when you have a $60 million incremental item to cover that. And frankly, we hit $190 million this year on CCI. We're guiding to $105 million. Some of those resources we use to drive CCI are really supporting the ERP program. So, we just want to be aware of that too. We can't just turn on CCI and make it go up $60 million.
Chris Growe: Okay. Like I said, we'll call it CCI program, is there a multiyear program behind this or is it just a year at a time from here on out as you think about your cost saving opportunity?
Mike Smith: Yeah. Four years ago, when we started the four year program, that was kind of a different time in the food industry and we wanted to really show how we were different from a cost perspective and really planful and thoughtful about this and not doing ZBB and all that sort of stuff. At this point, it's a year-by-year process, but it has a  there's a long term plan to it.
Lawrence Kurzius: [Multiple Speakers]
Mike Smith: Things like ERP, that will generate savings in 2022, 2023 that are built into our internal  we have an internal program, but we don't talk about that externally. We'll give you the yearly buckets as we get the guidance.
Chris Growe: Okay. Got it, thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Peter Galbo with Bank of America. Please proceed with your questions.
Peter Galbo: Hey, good morning, Lawrence and Mike. And thanks for taking the question. Just two really quick cleanup ones from me. Mike, I know you had said, CapEx for 2020 to be up over 2019. I don't know if there is any way just to quantify that more.
Mike Smith: In the 10-K, it's $265 million. It's a round number.
Peter Galbo: $265 million. Okay, got it. And then, anything you can do to help us out just with interest expense? I would expect to be lower year-over-year.
Mike Smith: Yeah, I think it will be lower. We had a nice decline this year. I think if you model based on our outstanding debt, continued cash conversion, you can  it will be down definitely.
Peter Galbo: Got it. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question is coming from the line of Rob Dickerson with Jefferies. Please proceed with your questions.
Rob Dickerson: Great. Thank you very much. Couple of questions. Good morning. I guess just the first question is to clarify on the transformation expenses over the next three years. It sounds like what you're saying is, yes, there's the ramp this fiscal year and then just based off of the math. It's probably like a similar expense in 2021 and 2022 as well if we just cut it in half what's remaining. But that might ramp down a little bit as we go through time and then it's the benefits that all set. Because, I guess, where there's a little confusion on my end was if we have the numbers, and we know what you're saying for this fiscal year, then why wouldn't we just take the remaining and just divide it by the next two fiscal years and say it's just kind of a standardized $60 million run rate per year? It sounds like what you're saying is, oh, no, there are going to be all these benefits to offset that kind of run rate cost.
Mike Smith: I think we'll start getting benefits in 2022. So, you kind of compartmentalize 2020 and 2021 as a significant investment, increased expenses around the same level of impact on the P&L between 2020 and 2021. And then, 2022 there's lesser go lives and then the benefits kick in, so you get a nice tailwind in 2022 and 2023.
Rob Dickerson: Right, okay. Perfect.
Mike Smith: That's just like a $60 million run rate. I'm not sure I'm following you on that one, Rob.
Rob Dickerson: Sorry, it was just  I just took the midpoint of the 3 to 3.50, which is 3.25.
Mike Smith: That's not an ongoing cost.
Rob Dickerson: Right, okay.
Mike Smith: That's a [indiscernible] that's like a proverbial pig in the python.
Rob Dickerson: Okay, fair. Completely fair. Thank you for clarifying. And then, the other question I had was just on private label profitability. I think you said there was  just given you had a little bit of a mix shift, branded/private label in the quarter, maybe early this year, but some of that can be margin mix positive. But I swear I've heard you say historically at times that it might depend on what private label that is because a lot of your private label, it seems like, overall is usually margin mix neutral, just more of a penny profit piece. So, just any clarification as to basically, like, on average as private label usually a little bit lower margin for you or not?
Mike Smith: I think, overall, you've got to understand with private label, we're pretty much focusing on large customers where we get the plant manufacturing optimization or distribution optimization and it's because we do a whole service for the customer. And from a total margin perspective, the other thing, compared to brand, you don't have things like innovation, marketing, things like that below that. We'd much rather sell brand.
Lawrence Kurzius: From a gross margin standpoint, there's no doubt that private label is lower. I don't want there to be any misunderstanding about that. Was there like a return on investment? It's surprisingly close to brand because these other expenses and utilize existing capacity and so on. But private label certainly lower gross margin.
Rob Dickerson: Okay. Makes complete sense. And then, just lastly, in terms of the 2% to 4% percent on the top line, I know you said, you don't really want to break out pricing relative to volumes. But in the press release,. you do say that you still expect grow sales via increased distribution, brand marketing et cetera. So, just to be clear, you do expect volumes overall to still be up. It's kind of basic, but that's it.
Mike Smith: We're nodding our heads, but you can't see. But, yes, we certainly do. We've got a lot of reasons to belief in our growth plans for 2020. Certainly, there's the  pricing is an element of it, but we have confidence that we're going to be able to continue to drive our undisputed leadership in spices and seasoning. We see continued growth opportunities in condiment and global flavor, particularly in those areas where we've got scale. Notwithstanding the issue in China, which we hope is short term, we think that emerging markets and channels and platforms are our continued growth opportunity and with all of our programs and especially with all of the digital e-commerce and social media outreach that we do, we're strengthening our consumer connection. So we have a lot of reasons to believe that  or growth plans for 2020 are solid.
Rob Dickerson: Okay. Super, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And I'll turn the call over to Lawrence Kurzius for closing remarks.
Lawrence Kurzius: Thanks, everyone, for your questions and for participating on today's call. McCormick is a global leader in flavor and we're differentiated with a broad and advantaged portfolio which continues to drive growth.We have a growing and profitable business and we operate in an environment that is changing at an ever faster pace. We're responding readily to changes in the industry with new ideas, innovation on purpose. With a relentless focus on growth performance and people, we continue to perform strong globally and build long term shareholder value.I'm proud of our 2019 financial performance while doing what's right for people, our communities and the planet as well as our positive momentum heading into 2020. I'm confident and in our 2020 outlook, another year of strong underlying business performance, while making significant investment in business transformation to fuel our growth and build both the McCormick of the future and shareholder value. Thank you.
Kasey Jenkins: Thank you, Lawrence. And thanks to all for joining today's call. If you have any further questions regarding today's information, please feel free to contact me. This concludes this morning's call. Have a good day.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-01 09:00:00) =====
Kasey Jenkins: Good morning. This is Kasey Jenkins, Vice President of McCormick Investor Relations. Thank you for joining today's Third Quarter Earnings Call. To accompany this call, we have posted a set of slides at ir.mccormick.com. Currently, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following our remarks, we will begin a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] We'll begin with remarks from Lawrence Kurzius, Chairman, President and CEO and Mike Smith, Executive Vice President and CFO.During our remarks, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. These include information in constant currency, as well as adjusted operating income, adjusted income tax rate and adjusted earnings per share that exclude the impact of special charges, as well as the net non-recurring income tax benefit associated with the December 2017 U.S. tax reform legislation and for 2018 transaction and intervention expenses related to the acquisition of our Frank's and French's brand. Reconciliations to GAAP results are included in this morning's press release and slides. In our comments, certain percentages are rounded. Please refer to our presentation, which includes the complete information.In addition, as a reminder, today's presentation contains projections and other forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from those projected. The Company undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statement, whether because of new information, future events, or other factors. As seen on Slide 2, our forward-looking statement also provides information on risk factors that could affect our financial results.It is now my pleasure to turn the discussion over to Lawrence.
Lawrence Kurzius: Thank you, Kasey. Good morning everyone. Thanks for joining us. Our solid third quarter and year-to-date results reflect the successful execution of our strategies and engagement of employees around the world. We've driven strong sales, operating profit and adjusted EPS growth, as well as operating margin expansions, while continuing to make targeted investments and fuel future growth. As we enter the last quarter of our fiscal year, we're confident in our growth trajectory and that we're well positioned to deliver strong results in 2019.Starting on Slide 4, our broad and advantaged global flavor portfolio continues to position us to meet the demand for flavor around the world to grow our business. The breadth and reach of our portfolio across segments, geographies, channels, customers and product offerings, creates a balanced portfolio to drive consistency in our performance in a volatile environment. This quarter, our particularly strong consumer sales growth in the Americas and Asia Pacific regions outweighed flavor solution softness in those same regions.Within our Consumer segment, our third quarter highlights include broad based U.S. and China growth, with strong contributions from both base business and new products. In our Flavor Solutions segment, our EMEA region drove growth in flavors, branded food service and condiments, driven by new products and the base business. We're confident our breath and reach will also continue to differentiate McCormick, and be the foundation of our sales growth as consumers' demand for flavor continues to rise.Now let me go into more detail on our third quarter performance as seen on Slide 5, as well as provide some business comments before turning it over to Mike who will go in more depth on the quarter end results and discuss our 2019 financial guidance. Starting with our top line for the third quarter. Third quarter sales increased 1% from the year ago period, and constant currency sales grew 2% for the total company, led by our Consumer segment with growth attributable to higher volume and product mix, driven by both base business and new products.In our consumer segment, sales increased 3%, including 1% unfavorable impact from currency. In constant currency, sales grew 4%, representing an acceleration from the first half trends. In our Flavor Solutions segment, sales decreased 2%. In constant currency, sales were flat following the strong first half growth of 5%. Those who follow us closely know that the Flavor Solutions segment tends to have some quarter-to-quarter volatility, largely attributable to customer activity.In addition to our top line growth, we grew adjusted operating income and expanded our adjusted operating margin. With our higher sales, cost savings led by our Comprehensive Continuous Improvement program, CCI and favorable product mix, we grew the third quarter's adjusted operating income 9% or 10% in constant currency and expanded our adjusted operating margin 160 basis points.At the bottom-line, our third quarter adjusted earnings per share of $1.46, was 14% higher than $1.28 in the third quarter of 2018, driven primarily by our adjusted operating income growth and the lower adjusted tax rate. And this 14% adjusted earnings per share growth includes an unfavorable impact from currency.Our strong third quarter performance is a continuation of the results we achieved in the first half of 2019. Year-to-date, through the third quarter, we've grown ourselves 1%, which is 3% in constant currency and adjusted operating income 6%, or 8% in constant currency. We continue to expect another year of strong performance in 2019.With one quarter remaining in the fiscal year, we've increased our adjusted earnings per share guidance to $5.30 to $5.35 from our previous guidance of $5.20 to $5.30. This updated guidance reflects a 7% to 8% growth rate and importantly, includes continued investments to drive growth. We are confident in our updated 2019 outlook, which Mike will provide more details on in a few moments. Id like to now turn to some highlights from our Consumer and Flavor Solutions segments.Starting on Slide 6 with our Consumer segment. As I just mentioned, we grew constant currency sales 4%, driven by the strong performance in the Americas and Asia-Pacific regions. In the Americas, we grew constant currency sales 4%. This growth was entirely organic and attributable to higher volume and product mix, driven by both our base business and new products. Our category management initiatives, effective marketing support and merchandising execution, expanded distribution and new products, all contributed to drive consumption growth across our Americas consumer portfolio.For the third quarter, our IRI data indicates our McCormick U.S. branded spices and seasoning scanner sales grew in line with category, and we again had double-digit growth in unmeasured channels. And our McCormick branded dry recipe mixes continued their momentum of consumption and share growth. Our new products, including One Dish and Street Tacos dry recipe mixes, co-branded tasty products and Zatarain's frozen entrees bowls continues to gain momentum and contribute to growth.We won with our grilling season despite the delayed start with our strong merchandising execution, driving significant consumption growth on Grill Mates, Stubb's barbecue sauce, Frank's hot sauce and French's Mustard. As we continue to accelerate our condiment leadership, Stubb's barbecue consumption continues to outpace the barbecue category. Frank's hot sauce continues to outperformance with distribution gains and record high household penetration.Broadening to the entire Frank's portfolio, including frozen wings, seasoning blends and dry recipe mixes, we drove double-digit consumption growth as we continue to find opportunities to expand this brand. And French's mustard again grew consumption and share. In fact, the mustard category has returned to growth and year-to-date, we have driven 100% of that growth through our category management initiatives and focused marketing support.Our French's National Mustard Day campaign is a great example of how our marketing excellence organization continues to optimize our brand marketing spending and get more value out of each marketing dollar. The campaign earned 15 times more media value than our actual investment and created quite a buzz around mustard flavored ice cream with over 1 billion impressions. We're making brand marketing investments like this across our entire portfolio, and their effectiveness was particularly evident in our third quarter consumption and sales growth.Now turning to Europe, Middle-East and Africa, the EMEA region. Growth was tampered by unusually warm weather in Europe, particularly in France and Italy, which unfavorably impacted consumption. Extreme high temperatures were recorded during the first half of the quarter. And as they moderated, our second half performance also improved. Our success with the new products has continued, particularly in the UK, where they with our other initiatives, drove growth.In Asia-Pacific region, our sales growth rate has accelerated from the first half of the year, driven by our effective merchandising execution, as well as new products and expanded distribution. Last quarter, I mentioned recent macroeconomic pressures in China were impacting growth in this region. And although, there is still pressure, we delivered strong third quarter growth. As evidenced by our overall sales growth this quarter, our fundamentals across the region remain strong.Across all regions, our strength in e-commerce is again evident with third quarter double-digit e-commerce growth. Our investments in content development, resources to support acceleration, as well as programs and items tailored to the e-commerce channel are paying off. Our digital presence includes not only e-commerce but advertising as well, which is beating the ROI norms in consumer products. And as I mentioned earlier, as we continue to optimize our brand marketing spend, we're increasing our digital effectiveness.We're not only winning through our growth, but our digital leadership was again recognized in 2019 by Gartner L2 research. McCormick has ranked number one on their Digital IQ Index for food released in late August, and the only food brand to earn the title of genius, their top distinction. This marked our sixth consecutive year in the top five ranking of over a 100 food and beverage brands on the effectiveness of our Web site, digital, social media, e-commerce and mobile platforms.Turning now to Slide 7. In our Flavor Solutions segment, our constant currency sales were comparable to last year with strengths in EMEA being offset by declining sales in Americas and Asia-Pacific regions. In the Americas, our third quarter sales declined compared to last year. We experienced planned decline this quarter from the timing of our customers' promotional activities and new products, following a strong first half.Additionally, due to the significant demand we've seen in this business and continue to project, we needed to increase our warehouse capacity. During the third quarter, we began a transition to a larger raw material warehouse and this briefly constrained our growth. Our growth momentum in snack seasonings has continued, as well as our strong performance in branded food service. Overall, the demand from our Americas flavor solution customers remained strong.Now turning to EMEA. We drove strong constant currency sales growth. We grew sales to quick service restaurants, partially driven by their strong promotional activities and new products, and to packaged food companies attributable to both new products and base business growth. We're continuing to win with our customers through new products, expanded distribution and promotional activity.And finally, in the Asia-Pacific region, our sales were impacted by both the timing of our customers' initiatives, including a lower level of limited time offers in this year's third quarter, as well as the exit of some low margin business in the region. As I already mentioned, sales in our Flavor Solutions segment can be volatile from quarter-to-quarter, and we've seen this in our quarterly results so far this year. Our third quarter performance was impacted by several factors, which we anticipate will not impact us as significantly in future quarters. In constant currency, we've driven 3% total Flavor Solutions sales growth year-to-date and are confidence in our expectations for fourth quarter growth.Now, I would like to provide a few summary comments as seen on Slide 8 before turning it over to Mike. At the foundation of our sales growth is the rising consumer demand for flavor. We're aligned with the consumers' continued interest to bolder flavors, demand for convenience and focus on fresh natural ingredients, as well as with emerging purchase drivers, such as greater transparency around the sourcing and quality of food. With this increased interest, flavor continues to be an advantaged global category, which combined with our execution against effective strategies, will drive strong results.We have a solid foundation. And in an environment that continues to be dynamic and fast paced, we're ensuring we remain agile, relevant and focused on sustainable growth. Our experienced leaders and employees are executing against their strategies, which are designed to build long term value for our shareholders. Our strong third quarter financial results were a continuation of the great results we achieved in the first half of 2019.Our fundamentals are strong. And we're confident the initiatives we have underway position us to continue our growth trajectory. We're balancing our resources and efforts to drive sales with our work to lower cost to build fuel for growth and higher margin, while we're making investments in our future. We have confidence in our updated fiscal year outlook and are well positioned to deliver another strong year in 2019. Around the world, McCormick employees are driving our momentum and success, and I thank them for their efforts and engagement.Thank you for your attention. And it's now my pleasure to turn it over to Mike for additional remarks on our third quarter financial results and our updated 2019 outlook.
Mike Smith: Thanks, Lawrence, and good morning everyone. As Lawrence indicated, we delivered strong growth in the third quarter. I'll begin with the discussion of our results followed with details on our updated full year 2019 financial outlook. Turning at Slide 10. We grew sales 2% in constant currency. This growth was driven by the base business and new products, and was led by our consumer segment. The Consumer segment sales rose 4% in constant currency. This growth was driven by the Americas and Asia-Pacific regions, and was attributable to higher volume and product mix of both base business and new products.Turning to Slide 11. We grew consumer segment sales in the Americas to 4% in constant currency versus the third quarter of 2018 due to higher volume and product mix. New products, category management and strong brand marketing drove broad based growth across the portfolio, both from a brand and a product category perspective with private label also contributing to the growth.Constant currency consumer sales in EMEA were down 2% from a year ago. Sales growth in the region was impacted by extreme high temperatures as Lawrence's already mentioned, as well as a decline in private label sales and unfavorable pricing actions related to planned trade promotional activity for new products.In the Asia-Pacific region, we grew constant currency sales 15% led by China, higher volume and product mix, as well as pricing drove the increase with strength in herbs and spices, world flavor sauces and chicken bouillon. The earlier timing of a China national holiday versus last year partially contributed to the third quarter's increased sales volume.Turning to our Flavor Solutions segment on Slide 14, third quarter constant currency sales were comparable to the year ago period with growth in EMEA, offset by declines in the Americas and Asia-Pacific regions. In the Americas, Flavor Solutions' constant currency sales declined 2%. As Lawrence mentioned, this decline was driven primarily by the timing of our customer promotions and new products, which was stronger in the first half of the year, as well as warehouse transition activities, which temporarily constrained growth. These declines were partially offset by growth in snacks seasonings and branded foodservice.In EMEA, we grew Flavors Solutions sales 4% in constant currency. This growth was driven by new products, pricing and base business volume growth. In the Asia-Pacific region, Flavors Solutions sales in constant currency were down 1% versus the year ago period driven by both timing of customer activities versus the year ago period, as well as the exit of some low margin business.Adjusted operating income, which excludes special charges, increased 9% in the third quarter versus the year ago period. And excluding the impact of unfavorable currency rose 10%. Adjusted operating income in the consumer segment rose $177 million, a 16% increase. And in the constant currency, the increase was 17%. In the Flavor Solutions segment, adjusted operating income declined 2% to $85 million, which in constant currency was 1% decline.Growth in our Consumer segment was primarily driven by higher sales, while the decline in our Flavor Solutions segment was primarily driven by lower sales. Both segments were favorably impacted by CCI-led cost savings, a one-time 2019 global benefit plan alignment and favorable product mix with partial offsets from business transformation expenses, driven by ERP replacement and higher planned brand marketing investments. An unfavorable transactional impact of foreign currency exchange rates versus the year ago period also impacted the Flavor Solutions segment.As seen on Slide 19, we expanded our third quarter gross profit margin 100 basis points year-on-year, driven by CCI-led cost savings, as well as favorable product mix. On a year-to-date basis, we expanded 40 basis points. And for the 2019 full year, gross profit margin is expected to be 50 basis points to 75 basis points higher than 2018, which narrows our range from our previous expectations.Our selling, general and administrative expense, as a percentage of net sales, decreased by 60 basis points from the third quarter of 2018. This decrease was primarily driven by higher sales, as well as the net impact of the other adjusted operating income changes I just mentioned a moment ago. These changes include a 5% increase in our brand marketing versus the third quarter last year.As a reminder, while our year-to-date brand marketing is lower than last year, we are planning to spend brand marketing comparable to 2018 partially by reinvesting our continued marketing excellence cost savings and non-working spend reductions into working media. Therefore, we are planning further brand marketing increases in the fourth quarter.And in the fourth quarter, we're projecting further increases in business transformation investments relating to our ERP replacement program, which we expect to continue to ramp up in 2020 correlated to our most essential global deployment activity. The combined impact of the gross margin expansion and SG&A leverage resulted in an adjusted operating margin expansion of 160 basis points in the third quarter of 2018.Turning to income taxes on Slide 20. Our third quarter adjusted effective income tax rate was 17.6% as compared to 18.8% in the year ago period. Our third quarter adjusted rate was favorably impacted by discrete tax items, with the largest contributor due to stock option exercises. As we have discussed in previous quarters, favorable tax rate impacts of option exercises are partially offset by payroll and social related taxes, which unfavorably impacted operating profit.Considering the year-to-date favorable impact from discrete items, we now expect our full year 2019 adjusted effective tax rate will be approximately 20%. There can be volatility in that rate quarter-to-quarter due to the unpredictability of discrete items, changes to our forecasted mix of earnings, including currency impacts and interpretation of regulations continuing to be released, clarifying the impacts of the 2017 U.S. Tax Act. Income from unconsolidated operations was $10 million compared to $8 million for the third quarter of 2018, a 14% increase.At the bottom line, as shown on Slide 22, third quarter 2019 adjusted earnings per share was $1.46, up 14% from $1.28 for the year ago period, primarily due to growth in our operating performance, lower interest expense and lower adjusted income tax rate. And this increase included an unfavorable impact from currency.The Company continues to generate strong cash flow. On Slide 23, we summarize highlights from cash flow and the quarter end balance sheet. Our cash flow provided from operations was $495 million through the third quarter of 2019 compared to $389 million through the third quarter of 2018. This increase was primarily driven by higher operating income. We continue to see improvements in our cash conversion cycle, finishing the third quarter down nine days versus our fiscal year-end. A portion of this cash was used to pay down $206 million of acquisitions debt as we continue to focus on paying down debt.And we have now paid down almost 70% of our term notes related to our Frank's and French's acquisition, which along with the lower interest rate environment, has lowered our interest expense versus last year, as well as our debt leverage ratio. We finished the third quarter with a debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio of 3.7 times, which is pacing us ahead of our target of 3.0 times by the end of 2020.As we have mentioned previously, while our priority is paying down debt with a clear line of sight to our 2020 leverage target, we are continuing to explore acquisition opportunities, which represent a key part of our long-term growth strategy. Through the third quarter of 2019, we returned $226 million of cash to shareholders through dividends and used $107 million for capital expenditures. We expect 2019 to be another year of strong cash flow, driven by profit and working capital initiatives. And our priority is to continue to have a balanced use of cash, making investments to drive growth, returning a significant portion to our shareholders through dividends and to pay down debt.Let's now move to our current financial outlook for 2019 on Slide 24. We continue to expect another year of strong performance in 2019 with our broad and advantaged flavor portfolio, effective growth strategies and focus on profit realization. We are narrowing our projected growth rate ranges for sales, operating profit and earnings per share and increasing our earnings per share outlook.We continue to estimate, based on prevailing rates, a 2 percentage point unfavorable impact from currency rate on net sales, adjusted operating income and adjusted earnings per share. At the top line, based on our year-to-date results through the third quarter, we are narrowing our sales guidance range to grow sales 1% to 2%, which in constant currency, is 3% to 4% projected growth rate.As a reminder, this will be entirely organic growth, driven primarily by higher volume and products mix, as well as the impact of pricing. We're also narrowing our adjusted operating income growth to be 6% to 7% from $930 million in 2018, which in constant currency, is an 8% to 9% projected growth rate and reflects our continued focus on profit realization. Our adjusted operating income growth rate reflects our expected strong performance, while also making investments for growth, as well as our continued focus on profit realization.Following an increase in our second quarter earnings call, we are again increasing our guidance for 2019 adjusted earnings per share to be in the range of $5.30 to $5.35, which compares to $4.97 adjusted earnings per share in 2018 and represents a 7% to 8% increase or in constant currency, 9% to 10%. This increase reflects the projected lower adjusted tax rate I mentioned earlier as well as the narrowing of our adjusted operating profit range.In summary, we are projecting strong growth in our 2019 constant currency outlook for sales, adjusted operating profit and adjusted earnings per share following record double-digit performance across each objective in 2018 and while continuing to invest for future growth. I'd like to now turn it back to Lawrence for some additional remarks before we move to your questions.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we will be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Andrew Lazar: I guess first off, when we look at the new full-year guidance on sales and EBIT, I guess they both imply a 4Q that looks a bit below at least where sort of current Street models would be. I'm just curious if there are any sort of discrete issues that you'd point out for that. You did mention some increased marketing investment, which obviously would impact EBIT a bit, but just because also the comparison, obviously, year-over-year gets a quite a bit easier given the inventory issues of last year.
Mike Smith: Andrew, I'll start. And if Lawrence has anything -- I mean year to date, we're really happy with our performance of 3% constant currency growth. And once you start looking at the math, if we would have kept our guidance at the original 3% to 5%, we would have to grow sales growth almost 9%. So we tightened the range a bit on those sales and operating profit. We have some -- you talked about EMEA weather in the third quarter. That's not going to be recovered. There's a few things like that, that happened. But 3% to 4%, we still feel like that's really good net sales performance, and we do see the underlying strength in Americas consumer continuing, which we talked about on the last call.
Andrew Lazar: Thank you for that. Appreciate that. And then I guess one follow-up would just be, it doesn't sound like this was a benefit much at all because you didn't mention it, but the acceleration you saw in consumer Americas, you talked about it being broad-based. And so I just want to make sure there wasn't, didn't seem to be because you talked about takeaway and shipments being in line broadly, but I'm assuming there is no pull forward, if you will, in consumer Americas that would have benefited shipments just given the easier comparison or the fact that with a replenished inventory, if you will, going into fourth quarter it doesn't like sound like that was a benefit, but I just wanted to make sure.
Lawrence Kurzius: No. Andrew, this is Lawrence. There was really, I mean, we really ship to consumption in the third quarter and would expect to ship to consumption again going into the fourth quarter. We signaled that we'd have, on our last call that we'd have an acceleration as we went to the second half of the year, and so we're starting to see that read through in our consumer business.So we feel very confident in our results, in our outlook for the fourth quarter. One of the reasons that the third quarter might have looked stronger on our shipments than in, I think, some of the scanner data, which was actually pretty good, is that, again, unmeasured channels were really strong for us. And so that was a bit of a benefit in the third quarter. But that's been a consistent thing, where that group of customers has been growing faster than the general market.But in terms of whether there was any kind of unusual inventory activity or any kind of pull forward, that wasn't the case. If you look at last year third quarter, we grew about 4% in Americas consumer, so roughly about the same. Actually, we feel really good about the third quarter because it's up against a pretty tough comparison a year ago.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ken Goldman with JP Morgan. Please proceed with your question.
Ken Goldman: My first question is, in your slide deck, you called out a onetime benefit from the global benefit plan alignment. I don't think you quantified this for us. I'm just curious how much was it? And I don't think it was included in that net special charges of $7.7 million, but I just wanted to make sure for our modeling purposes.
Mike Smith: No, we haven't quantified it, Ken. We've talked about it, I think, pretty much every quarter. But we're not going to quantify that. Every year...
Lawrence Kurzius: We say something like this every year as we've looked at our benefit plans with an eye to cost.
Ken Goldman: That's not going to stop me from asking every quarter though.
Lawrence Kurzius: You got one more -- one quarter left, Ken, one quarter left.
Ken Goldman: When you guys do well, it's hard to find questions, so we got to figure some out here. I guess my next question would be a couple of U.S.-based staples companies that have multinational businesses, they have highlighted maybe some modest softness in demand from emerging markets lately. It doesn't sound like you're experiencing this, but are there any, I don't want to call them red flags, maybe yellow flags that you're seeing that would indicate some consumer slippage in terms of their demand in some developed markets or developing, rather? Or is this not really something that you're experiencing yet?
Lawrence Kurzius: Yes. So I think the comparison between us and some of our peer companies might just be the mix of markets that we're in. We're cautious about China. We just had a great quarter in China, but we are aware of the volatile environment that we're in. The consumer results that we've had in China have been pretty good. We had a slow start to the year. We expected a strong second half there as well, and we're experiencing it.So I'd say that with our international business, if there was an area that was slow for us over the third quarter, it was -- EMEA was a little slow, and that was strictly related to the tremendous heat wave that impacted cooking, and that's where a lot of our consumer products are used. So we don't see anything general in the emerging markets. With that said, we're not taking it for granted. We're one tweet away from more volatility.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard with Bernstein. Please proceed with your question.
Alexia Howard: Good morning, everyone. So two quick questions, I guess, on the top line guidance I know you trimmed it down a little bit for the full year this quarter, but it still kind of implies that things will get sequentially better next quarter. I'm wondering if that's particularly on the flavor solutions side of things that you've got -- have you got visibility into things picking up on that side? That's my first question. And the second one on a very different topic, you mentioned acquisitions as something that you're keeping a close eye on. Could you talk to us a little bit about where you're fishing at the moment, I guess? Given that the RB Foods deal was very U.S.-centric, is it likely that if you do another deal of scale that, that would be maybe more overseas-focused and that you're likely to be looking at consumer versus flavor solutions? Just any guidance or any thoughts on that front will be helpful.
Lawrence Kurzius: Sure. Well, I'll start on the first one. And yes, we do expect an acceleration in the flavor solutions part of the business. It was impacted in Q3 by some relatively short-term factors. There's some customer activity differences, and we're also comparing to an incredible third quarter a year ago, which you may recall had a 6% growth in the third quarter of last year. So it was up against a particularly strong comparison. And then we had, just as an operating matter, a transition to a new warehouse in the U.S. that also was a very brief constraint on growth in the quarter.And so I think that as we've got -- so we're confident that the fourth quarter will be strong in flavor solutions. And I think we've been messaging for the last couple of quarters that we expect second half to be good on our consumer business, and our outlook for that remains that way. Mike, do you want to add anything to that?
Mike Smith: No, thank you.
Lawrence Kurzius: I'll say on acquisitions. So we don't want to get overly granular in the discussion of acquisitions. But as we've shared previously as we've deleveraged and you just heard from Mike that we finished Q3 at 3.7 and you know we're going into our highest cash time of the year, so some additional deleveraging would happen as we go through the fourth quarter. We've got very clear line of sight to getting to the 3.0 target that we set for the end of 2020 early.And as a result, it's just time to start considering -- we've got more financial flexibility now than we had a year ago, and it's time to look at new things. And I'd say that, as you noted, the RB Foods acquisition did skew us more to the Americas than we were, and it also skewed us a bit more to the consumer business than we were pre-acquisition. And we would hope to, over time, balance that.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Robert Moskow: The thing that really stood out to me was the operating leverage in the consumer division. I mean you had high-teens operating income growth in the quarter and, obviously, some strong sales, too. Can you kind of help us break down though like how much of that growth was from operating leverage from the volume, how much of it was from maybe cost reductions related to the special charges?
Mike Smith: Well, I'd say -- this is Mike. It's really not related to special charges at all. We have underlying CCI program which continues to accelerate during the year. However, we have really good product mix and category mix. The brands that did really well such as French's and Frank's, our core business have very high margins. So I think you're getting a bit of product mix, I know you're getting a bit of product mix in there as well.
Lawrence Kurzius: I think, if anything, there may have even been some operating cost headwinds related to our ERP program that would have run through both segments.
Robert Moskow: And then on the fourth quarter -- or actually, just on flavor solutions in general, can you be a little more specific about the constraints you had in the warehousing? Is that for raw materials for spices and seasonings? Or is it for the liquid filled part of your business that was growing so strong? And then a follow-up would be, you mentioned a customer that had some timing issues. Is that in the restaurant sector or the consumer sector? Could you be more specific there?
Lawrence Kurzius: Well, the warehouse, it was a move to raw material -- a new, larger and I would say more functional raw material warehouse. It actually was on the higher-margin side of the business that had a bigger impact on our flavor and seasoning business where we've had a lot of growth. So in addition to our overall growth that you've seen in our flavor solutions business over the last several years, there's also been a shift in the portfolio toward that higher-margin end of the business.And so the growth in that part has been particularly strong, and we've just outgrown the space and needed to make a move. And so just the logistics of physically transferring the goods and coming up with a new warehouse put short-term constraint on our growth that we'll get -- we're really, at this point in time, almost through. So I think that gives a lot of confidence in the Q4 number over there. Rob, remind what was the second part of the question?
Robert Moskow: You mentioned a customer that had some timing issues.
Lawrence Kurzius: It's not a customer. This is just broad-based ebb and flow in the business. I mean there is some customer concentration, but I wouldn't read into this any particular new customer...
Mike Smith: It was timing of new promotions and things like that. You saw year to date roughly 5% in Americas, so good strong performance through the first half. So good underlying performance still and strong demand.
Robert Moskow: Can I assume that's the restaurant channel or is this ...
Lawrence Kurzius: No, I would not...
Mike Smith: Both sides, yes, do not assume.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Chris Growe with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Chris Growe: Thank you. Good morning. I just had a question for you, if I could. Just to make sure I get it straight around the upcoming fourth quarter. You got that shipment timing factor in the prior year. Have you said what that adds to the fourth quarter this year? And we've talked about this, but have you given some dynamics around what it's likely to be for revenue growth in the fourth quarter?
Mike Smith: We haven't specifically called that out. We know it's a tailwind to us in the fourth quarter, assuming those things don't have, but we knew there's always trade deloading and things like that happen during the year, about 100 basis points. But we haven't quantified the bounce back, but it should be positive to growth and margin.
Chris Growe: And especially in the consumer division, correct, that's the main area where we said we've missed the fourth quarter a year ago?
Mike Smith: Yes.
Chris Growe: And then I just had a question. You had pricing down in two of the consumer segments and two of the flavor solutions segments. I'm just curious, I guess from a higher level, how much inflation was up in the quarter. And did pricing not fully offset the cost inflation? And was this promotional-driven by any chance? Just have you seen any kind of change in promotional dynamic in your categories, I guess, especially in the consumer side?
Mike Smith: No, I think what -- no, that's a good question. What you're saying -- we've said at the beginning of the year cost inflation was low single digits, and we have taken specific pricing in markets. What you're seeing, in some of the markets, such as EMEA or even in the Americas a bit. As we've talked a lot about new products on this call, as you see. As they roll out, there are some promotional activities to drive them, so that has a bit of a negative on price, but we have taken pricing this year. And so we've gotten that through, and we're actually talking to customers now about pricing for next year as some of the tariffs and things become more solid. So we're in those discussions right now.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steven Strycula with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Steven Strycula: So first question, just wanted to kind of drill into the revised guidance and focus in on what you're really implying for the fourth quarter outlook. As I think about the midpoint of what you're saying for organic net sales to be around 5%, then kind of what are the key drivers of that? That would be question 1, and I have a follow-up.
Mike Smith: I mean based on our math, Steve, we're implying about 2% to 5%, so somewhere in the middle there, which is a bit up versus the first three quarters. But we talked about before some of the tailwinds go into the fourth quarter. And that's reported by the way. So continuing strength, as we saw in this quarter and a little bit of acceleration with flavor solutions in the fourth quarter, as Lawrence just discussed.
Lawrence Kurzius: Yes. The change in the guidance for the full year reflects more that we've only got one quarter to go and we've got three in the bag and we know where we are. And the high end of the old range, the previous high end of the range implied a number that you guys would laugh at.
Mike Smith: Which you did last year.
Lawrence Kurzius: And so we wanted to narrow it.
Steven Strycula: It takes a lot to make me laugh, Lawrence, but -- no, just moving along though. What would you say, if anything, not to pick at it, because I know you guys have good results here year to date. But what if anything came in like a touch lighter to kind of like nudge it down, the full-year guidance, a touch on the sales? Is it a reflection of maybe just EMEA weather? Is there anything else you'd kind of like call out for the first nine months or maybe something that you see in line of sight for the fourth quarter?
Mike Smith: Well, definitely EMEA weather. That was not. Back in June, we weren't thinking that it was going to be that hot it impact consumption. I mean the warehouse transition that Lawrence talked about did impact a bit, but I wouldn't call it one big thing specifically.
Lawrence Kurzius: Right. As far as looking ahead, I'd say that our -- I think that we've got a balanced view of our risks and our opportunity. That narrowed range does include all organic growth, and it's primarily volume and mix. So it's pretty strong versus peers, and we understand that.Now we've got a lot of reasons to be confident that we can deliver that. And the kind of surprise will be something that we just, would be something that we don't know. I think if there was a surprise anywhere, maybe it might be more on the cost side than on the sales side, where there could be some issue. It's possible that we have a little bit more ERP expense in the fourth quarter than we've been guiding...
Mike Smith: Than we've had in the third.
Lawrence Kurzius: Than we had in the third quarter, but I think we would take that in stride, and if that were the case, we would certainly highlight it.
Mike Smith: Yes. And even our underlying guidance implied, reported is 5.5% to 9% almost, so it's good underlying operating profit performance still.
Lawrence Kurzius: Good point. We've got a pretty good idea of customer performance for the holidays. It's all pretty well lined up.
Steven Strycula: Okay, Lawrence. And then one quick strategy question, and then I'll pass it along. On private label, at any given quarter, you guys are -- it's a smaller piece of your business, and the next quarter, it's growing again. How do we think about it strategically? And did the growth that you see in private label in Americas this quarter, is that mainly coming from measured channels, unmeasured channels? How do we think about how you guys think about it within your total customer solution set?
Lawrence Kurzius: Yes. So first of all, generally, private label growth, not just for us but for our category, for herbs and spices, the category has moderated significantly. And we talked about it in the last couple of years that we thought the numbers were inflated by a couple of factors that I'm not going to review. So the growth in private label has moderated.In the current time frame, the growth that we're seeing in private label is more in the unmeasured channel than in the measured channel. We think about private label in terms of its profitability in terms of the customer relationship and in terms of offering a customer a full solution for the category. And so there aren't any customers that we are just providing private label, it's always in conjunction with a branded program as well. Did I get at your question there?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Adam Samuelson: Yes. Thanks. Good morning, everyone. So a question not so much about the quarter but just thinking about the outlook and ramp into 2020 on the flavor solutions side, which, in the last couple of years, has been a really important contributor to the margins and earnings algorithm for the Company. Margins year to date have been basically flat and I'm just trying to think about kind of how drivers of why that margin expansion has slowed down as it has. And I know this quarter the growth, you had some lumpy growth and you had the warehousing expense. So not necessarily this quarter, but thinking about nine months in totality kind of how do we think about that into next year?
Mike Smith: Yes. I think if you kind of step back and think about the progress we've made over the past four, five years, I mean, we've increased, and this is both organic and acquisition based, about 500 basis points in the operating profit line. I mean this year has been a little lumpy. We're up in one quarter, even in another quarter and down in this quarter. Some of the discrete items that happened this quarter really around some really negative FX trends that hit EMEA primarily versus what we were thinking back in June...
Lawrence Kurzius: Probably transactional...
Mike Smith: Which goes through transactional, goes through the cost of goods sold as you reevaluate your balance sheet, so we see those, I mean those are risks that you always have based on world economies and things like that. But we continue to look at taking our portfolio to a higher-margin business. Some of the other things that hit us this year that hopefully will turn next year, you think about APZ where a lot of -- we talked about our flavor solutions business with limited-time offers.I mean with some of the economies in China and APZ, they really shifted away from limited-time offers and we make higher-margin business to more base business which is lower margin. So that was some of the challenges we've had this year that hopefully, as economies and companies realize they need to drive LTOs to drive consumer traffic, will reverse.
Lawrence Kurzius: We continue to believe that, over time, we have significant runway for margin improvement in our flavor solutions segment.
Adam Samuelson: And then just a clarification. Just any way to quantify how much ERP has been year to date? And do we think that, any way to quantify kind of how big a step up, if any, there is into next year from ERP?
Mike Smith: Look, I mean, we'll talk about that more at our earnings, when we give guidance in January. But we have had some ERP expenses, as Lawrence alluded to. Last call, we said mostly second and third quarter. There's been a little bit of a shift out into the fourth quarter from the expense perspective. But we do see 2020, that's where a lot of our big go-lives are going to be, so there will be a significant step up in ERP. But we'll give you more clarity in January.
Adam Samuelson: I appreciate the color. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our question-and-answer session. I'll turn the floor back to Mr. Kurzius for any final comments.
Lawrence Kurzius: Great. Thanks, everyone, for your questions and for participating in today's call. McCormick is a global leader in flavor, and we're differentiated by the broad and advantaged portfolio, which continues to drive growth. We have a growing and profitable business and operate in an environment that is changing in an ever faster pace.We are responding readily to changes in the industry with new ideas, innovation and purpose. With a relentless focus on growth, performance and people, we continue to perform strong globally and build shareholder value. I'm pleased with the strength of our year-to-date results, and as we enter the last quarter of our fiscal year, I'm confident in our fiscal year outlook and are well positioned to deliver another strong year in 2019.
Kasey Jenkins: Thank you, Lawrence. And thanks, everyone, for joining today's call and navigating through some of the technical call issues we've had at the beginning. If you have any further questions regarding today's information, please do not hesitate to reach out to me. This concludes this morning's conference call.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-06-27 08:00:00) =====
Kasey Jenkins: Good morning. This is Kasey Jenkins, Vice President of McCormick Investor Relations. Thank you for joining today's Second Quarter Earnings Call. To accompany this call, we have posted a set of slides at ir.mccormick.com. Currently, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following our remarks, we will begin a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] We'll begin with remarks from Lawrence Kurzius, Chairman, President and CEO; and Mike Smith, Executive Vice President and CFO.During our remarks, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. These include information in constant currency as well as adjusted operating income, adjusted income tax rate and adjusted earnings per share that exclude the impact of special charges; and for 2018, transaction and integration expenses related to the acquisition of our Frank's and French's brands as well as the net non-recurring income tax benefit associated with the December 2017 U.S. tax reform legislation. Reconciliations to the GAAP results are included in this morning's press release and slides.In our comments, certain percentages are rounded. Please refer to our presentation which includes the complete information. In addition, as a reminder, today's presentation contains projections and other forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from those projected. The Company undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statement, whether because of new information, future events or other factors. As seen on Slide 2, our forward-looking statement also provides information on risk factors that could affect our financial results.It is now my pleasure to turn the discussion over to Lawrence.
Lawrence Kurzius: Thank you, Kasey. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. Our solid second quarter results were in line with our expectations, and as we enter the second and most significant half of our year, we are confident in our growth trajectory and that we are well positioned to deliver strong results in 2019.Our successful execution of our strategies and engagement of employees around the world have driven sales, operating profit and adjusted EPS growth, as well as operating margin expansion in both the second quarter and year-to-date.Starting on Slide 4, our broad and advantaged global flavor portfolio continues to position us to meet the demand for flavor around the world and grow our business. Among our second quarter highlights across our portfolio, we drove growth in our Consumer segment base business and through new products in all regions, including Zatarain's meal solutions and frozen entrees and UK rapid recipe mixes. The Americas Frank's RedHot sauce continues its strong performance and we're also gaining momentum with Frank's internationally.In our Flavor Solution segment, our Americas and EMEA regions drove significant growth in flavors, branded foodservice and condiments with strong contributions from both new products and the base business. We are confident our breadth and reach will continue to differentiate McCormick and will be the foundation of our sales growth as consumers demand for flavor continues to rise.Now let me go into more detail on our second quarter performance as seen on Slide 5, as well as provide some business comments before turning it over to Mike, who will go more in depth on the quarter end results and discuss our 2019 financial guidance.Starting with our topline for the second quarter. Second quarter sales were comparable to the year ago period, including a 3% unfavorable impact from currency. In constant currency, sales grew 3% for the total company, with both segments growing sales in each of our three regions. This growth was attributable to higher volume and product mix as well as pricing and it was entirely organic driven by the base business and new products as we had no acquisition impact in the quarter.In our Consumer segment, sales declined 1% including a 3% unfavorable impact from currency. In constant currency, sales grew 2%. In our Flavor Solution segment, sales grew 1%, and in constant currency grew 4%.In addition to our topline growth, we grew adjusted operating income and expanded our adjusted operating margin. With our higher sales and cost savings led by our Comprehensive Continuous Improvement program, CCI, we grew the second quarter's adjusted operating income 5% or 8% in constant currency and expanded our adjusted operating margin 80 basis points.At the bottom line, our second quarter adjusted earnings per share of $1.16 was 14% higher than $1.02 in the second quarter of 2018, driven primarily by our adjusted operating income growth and a lower adjusted tax rate, and this 14% adjusted earnings per share growth includes an unfavorable impact from currency.Our second quarter results were solid and we continue to expect another year of strong performance in 2019. We are reaffirming our sales outlook and as Mike will explain in detail, we are updating our operating profit outlook and increasing our earnings per share outlook.I'd like to turn now to some business updates, with the focus this morning on highlights from our Consumer and Flavor Solutions segments and update on our business transformation activities and our business momentum that reinforces our confidence in the remainder of the year.Starting on Slide 6 with our Consumer segment. As I just mentioned, we grew constant currency sales 2% with increases in each of our three regions. In the Americas, we grew constant currency sales 2%, driven by higher volume and product mix. A late Easter which delayed the start of grilling season tempered sales growth for the quarter. We estimate our consumption growth for the quarter, including both measured and unmeasured channels was 2%.Our IRI data indicates U.S. spice and seasoning scanner sales through multi-outlets grew 2% for the category and 1% from McCormick branded. While the late grilling start slowed the category growth, it had a greater impact on our consumption. We again had strong growth in unmeasured channels, including club, e-commerce and Hispanic retail chains.Our category management initiatives, effective marketing support, merchandising the execution, expanded distribution and new products contributed to drive consumption growth across our Americas Consumer Portfolio. McCormick branded dry recipe mixes and Stubb's barbecue continued their momentum of consumption and share growth.Zatarain's frozen items, both base business and new products drove growth. Frank's RedHot sauce continued strong performance with distribution gains with total distribution points hitting a record high and with our category management initiatives and focused marketing support French's Mustard grew consumption and share. We believe these actions will continue to drive consumption and sales growth in the second half of the year.Now turning to Europe, Middle East and Africa, the EMEA region. Constant currency growth was driven by very strong promotional programs and targeted brand marketing across the region. Expanded distribution and new products were also growth drivers.We had broad based growth across most of the region, including strength in Eastern Europe. We're excited by our continued momentum on new product launches and the successes we've realized to date with more flavors and varieties to come as well as further distribution expansion.In the Asia-Pacific region, we've built further momentum with Frank's and French's, particularly in China, India and Australia. The foundation we continue to establish while still early days is driving the results. Although growth in the region has been partially impacted by recent macroeconomic pressures in China, our fundamentals across the region remain strong.Turning now to Slide 7. In our Flavor Solution segment, our sales performance was strong. Our constant currency sales growth was 4% driven by higher volume and product mix on base business as well as new products. We're continuing to win with our customers through new products, expanded distribution and promotional activities.In the Americas, we drove constant currency sales growth of 3%. We had strong sales growth to quick service restaurants as well as in our flavor product category. Our flavor sales were driven by snack seasonings, partially due to new products at our customers promotions and by products that deliver the clean label and better-for-you attributes our customers are seeking.We also had strong branded foodservice growth, driven by increased distribution with national and regional customers, promotional activity with operators and expansion in emerging channels. In branded foodservice, we continue to realize the benefit of leveraging our full portfolio of McCormick spices and seasonings and Frank's French's and Cattlemens products across operators.Our strong momentum in EMEA was once again reflected in our second quarter results. Sales growth was outstanding, 9% in constant currency, and it was broad based across the portfolio both from a product category and customer perspective. We drove sales growth to quick service restaurants, partially due to their strong promotional activities and to packaged food companies with new products being a key driver.Turning now to Slide 8. As we've previously discussed, most recently at CAGNY, we are making investments to build the McCormick of the future, including in our Global Enablement organization to transform McCormick through globally aligned innovative services enabling the business to grow. As technology provides the backbone for this greater process alignment, information sharing and scalability, we're also making investments in our information systems.We have progressed our ERP replacement program and accelerated the transformation of our ways of working. This will enable us to realize the benefits of a scalable platform for growth sooner. We have estimated the total cost of our ERP investment to range between $150 million and $200 million from 2019 through the anticipated completion of our global rollout in fiscal 2021. The capital spend portion is estimated to be $90 million to $120 million, and program expenses $60 million to $80 million. Mike will discuss this further in his remarks.Next, as we are at the midpoint of the year, I'd like to share a few comments about the momentum we are carrying into the balance of the year. Our largest quarters are ahead of us and as we have remarked previously, our operating profit growth is weighted towards the second half of our year.As seen on Slide 9, our confidence for the second half has bolstered first buyer plans for a strong Americas fall and holiday season, partially driven by a significant increase in brand marketing. We continue to optimize our brand marketing spend, both in terms of working and non-working mix, as well as in timing, increasing our effectiveness and getting more value out of each marketing dollar. We've intentionally skewed our brand marketing spend to be heavier later in the year to maximize our ROI and support the key holiday period.Additionally, we have robust brand marketing investments planned in support of the significant array of new products we've launched across all regions during our first half and are now gaining momentum in distribution, and we have exciting additional new product launches in our second half.This new product line-up includes in the U.S. street tacos, following the successful UK street food launch, complete meal seasonings, a package of complementary seasonings for our consumers' protein, vegetables and starch, and Thai Kitchen coconut milk in a resealable tetra package.In EMEA, in addition to flavor and geographic extensions, we'll be launching premium grinders, and in China, we're launching a full range of big texture salad dressings and light meal sauces. Our confidence is also driven by new distribution we've successfully secured, realizing the benefits of distribution gain throughout the first half of the year across both our Consumer and Flavor Solutions segments. And in Flavor Solutions, we expect continued momentum and wins with our customers through new product and promotional activities.Finally, as we've mentioned previously, we will be lapping several one-time items which impacted us unfavorably in late 2018, such as the unusual fourth quarter impacts we had in the Americas Consumer business and our move to a new global headquarters. We're excited about our plans and confident in delivering strong sales growth in our second half as well as significant profit realization, while continuing to invest in the business.Now I'd like to provide a few summary comments as seen on Slide 10 before turning it over to Mike. At the foundation of our sales growth, which is the rising consumer demand for flavor, we are aligned with the consumers increased interest in bolder flavors, demand for convenience and focus on fresh, natural ingredients, as well as with the emerging purchased drivers such as greater transparency around the sourcing and quality of food.With this increased interest, flavor continues to be an advantage to global category which combined with our execution against effective strategies will drive strong results. We have a solid foundation in an environment that continues to be dynamic and fast pace. We are ensuring we remain agile, relevant and focused on sustainable growth. Our experienced leaders and employees are executing against our strategies which are designed to build long-term value for our shareholders.Our second quarter financial results across both our Consumer and Flavor Solutions segments contributed to a great first half of the fiscal year. Our fundamentals are strong and we're confident the initiatives we have underway position us to continue our growth trajectory.We're balancing our resources and efforts to drive sales for the work to lower cost to build fuel for growth and higher margin, while making the investments in our future. We have confidence in our updated fiscal year outlook and we are well positioned to deliver another strong year for 2019. We remain excited as we enter our second half and continue to drive results. Around the world, McCormick employees are driving our momentum and success, and I thank them for their efforts and engagement.Thank you for your attention, and it is now my pleasure to turn it over to Mike for additional remarks on our second quarter financial results and our updated 2019 outlook.
Michael Smith: Thanks, Lawrence, and good morning everyone. As Lawrence indicated, we delivered a solid second quarter results in line with our expectations. I'll begin with a discussion of our results and then follow with details of our full year 2019 financial outlook.Starting on Slide 12, we grew sales 3% in constant currency, and as Lawrence mentioned earlier, this was entirely organic growth driven by the base business and new products, as we had no acquisition impact in the quarter. Both our Consumer and Flavor Solutions segments delivered topline constant currency growth in each of our three regions. The Consumer segment grew sales 2% in constant currency. This growth was driven by all three regions and was attributable to expanded distribution, new products and pricing.On Slide 13, Consumer segment sales in the Americas rose 2% in constant currency versus the second quarter of 2018. This increase was driven by higher volume and product mix, including the Zatarain's products, Frank's RedHot sauces, branded extracts and our branded Hispanic products, partially tempered by the delayed grilling season start.In EMEA, constant currency consumer sales were up 1% from a year ago. Higher volume and product mix were driven by new products, distribution gains and promotional activities. This growth was partially offset by a decline in private label as well as pricing actions, including those related to plans, trade, promotional activity for new products.We grew consumer sales in the Asia-Pacific region 3% with growth in India and Australia driven by our marketing programs, as well as expanded distribution. Additionally, China pricing actions were partially offset by related volume impacts, as well as the macro economic pressures Lawrence mentioned earlier.Turning to our Flavor Solutions segment in Slide 16. We grew second quarter constant currency sales 4%, with growth in all three regions led by strength in EMEA. In the Americas, Flavor Solutions constant currency sales increased 3%, with broad-based growth across the portfolio, excluding a decline in bulk ingredients. New products, expanded distribution and our customer promotional activities all contributed to the sales increase.In EMEA, we grew Flavor Solutions sales 9% in constant currency across both packaged food companies and quick service restaurants, partially due to their promotional activity. This growth was driven by new products, pricing and base business volume growth and spanned all categories.In the Asia-Pacific region, Flavor Solutions sales in constant currency grew 2% versus the year ago period, as higher sales to quick service restaurants were partially driven by the timing of the promotional activities. Across both segments, adjusted operating income, which excludes special charges, and for 2018, the transaction and integration costs related to the acquisition of our Frank's and French's brands rose 5% in the second quarter versus the year ago period and excluding the impact of unfavorable currency rose 8%.Adjusted operating income in the Consumer segment rose to $138 million, a 7% increase. Adjusted operating income in the Flavor Solutions segment rose to $77 million, a 2% increase. In constant currency, adjusted operating income increased 9% in Consumer segment and 5% in the Flavor Solutions segment. In both segments, the increase was primarily driven by CCI-led cost savings, higher sales and lower brand marketing expenses.The impact of these drivers in the Flavor Solutions segment was partially offset by an unfavorable transactional impact of foreign currency exchange rates, as well as unfavorable mix related to a sales shift in quick service restaurants from limited time offers to core menu items. As seen on Slide 21. In the second quarter, we increased gross profit margin 30 basis points year-on-year, driven by CCI-led cost savings.Our selling, general and administrative expense as a percentage of net sales decreased by 50 basis points from the second quarter of 2018. This decrease was primarily driven by lower brand marketing investments, which is more as mentioned earlier is partially driven by timing. And through our new marketing excellence organization, we are increasing our efficiency and speed, as well as realizing brand marketing CCI through the creation of in-house services and consolidated media buys.As a reminder, while our first half brand marketing is lower than last year, we are planning to spend brand marketing comparable to 2018, partially by reinvesting our continued marketing excellence cost savings and non-working media spend reductions into working media. Therefore, we are planning brand marketing increases in our second half.SG&A leverage gain from CCI-led cost saving initiatives and a one-time global benefit plan alignment was offset by business transformation expenses driven by our ERP platform replacement. In fiscal year 2019, we expect the ERP expenses to be concentrated in our second and third quarters. The combination of the gross margin expansion and the overall SG&A leverage resulted in an adjusted operating margin expansion of 80 basis points for the second quarter of 2019.Turning to income taxes on Slide 22. Our second quarter adjusted effective income tax rate was percent 18.9% as compared to 22.2% in the year ago period. Our second quarter adjusted rate was favorably impacted by discrete tax items, principally due to stock option exercises.As we have discussed in previous quarters, favorable tax rate impacts of option exercises are partially offset by payroll and social related taxes which unfavorably impacted operating profit. Considering the year-to-date favorable impact from discrete items, we now expect our full year 2019 adjusted effective tax rate to be approximately 21%. There can be volatility in that rate quarter-to-quarter due to the unpredictability of discrete items, changes to our forecast and mix of earnings, and interpretation of regulations continuing to be released clarifying the impacts of the 2017 U.S. Tax Act.Income from unconsolidated operations was $10 million compared to $7 million in the second quarter of 2018, a 28% increase, driven by excellent performance by our McCormick de Mexico joint venture. For 2019, we now expect a high single-digit increase in our income from unconsolidated operations.At the bottom line, as shown on Slide 24, second quarter 2019 adjusted earnings per share was $1.16, up 14% from $1.02 for the year-ago period, primarily due to growth in our operating performance, including from our joint ventures and a lower adjusted income tax rate and this increase included an unfavorable impact from currency.The Company continues to generate strong cash flow. On Slide 25, we summarized highlights for cash flow in the quarter end balance sheet. Our cash flow provided from operations was $314 million through the second quarter of 2019 compared to $235 million in the first half of 2018. Our strong operating cash flow was driven by higher operating income and our continued working capital initiatives.As we execute against program to achieve working capital reductions, including inventory management programs, we continue to see improvements in our cash conversion cycle, finishing the second quarter down six days versus our fiscal year-end. A portion of this cash was used to pay down $88 million of acquisition debt as the Company continues to focus on paying down debt.As we have maintained our disciplined acquisition strategy with a focus on paying down debt, we finished the second quarter with a debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio below 4x, which is pacing us ahead of our target of 3x by the end of 2020.So as Lawrence mentioned during the first quarter earnings call, while our priority is paying down debt, it is also time for us to start exploring acquisition opportunities, which represent a key part of our long-term growth strategy. In the first half of fiscal 2019, we returned $151 million of cash to shareholders through dividends and used $54 million for capital expenditures this period.We expect 2019 to be another year of strong cash flow driven by profit and working capital initiatives, and our priority is to continue to have a balance use of cash, making investments to drive growth, returning a significant portion to our shareholders through dividends and to pay down debt.Let's now move to our current financial outlook for 2019 on Slide 26. We continue to expect another year of strong performance in 2019 with our broad and advantage flavor portfolio, effective growth strategies and focus on profit realization. We are reaffirming our sales outlook and updating our operating profit and earnings per share outlook.We continue to estimate based on prevailing rates, a 2 percentage point unfavorable impact from currency rates on net sales, adjusted operating income and adjusted earnings per share. We also continue to expect the unfavorable currency will be greater in the first half of the year than in the second half.At the topline, we reaffirm our guidance to grow sales 1% to 3%, which in constant currency is a 3% to 5% projected growth rate. As a reminder, this will be entirely organic growth, driven primarily by higher volume and product mix as well as the impact of pricing to offset an anticipated low single-digit cost increase. We continue to project our 2019 gross profit margin to be 25 basis points to 75 basis points higher than in 2018 in part driven by our CCI-led cost savings.We're now expecting our adjusted operating income growth to be 6% to 8% from $930 million in 2018, which in constant currency is an 8% to 10% projected growth rate, remaining above our long-term objective, and reflects our continued focus on profit realization. Our cost savings target remains approximately $110 million and we expect brand marketing to be comparable to 2018.Our updated adjusted operating income growth rate continues to reflect expected strong performance. The decrease from the outlook last year during our March earnings call reflects the impacts of the classification shift in our ERP spending, the operating expense headwind related to option exercises which partially offsets the tax benefit and global developments including trade and economic conditions in selected countries.As Lawrence mentioned, we have progressed in our ERP replacement program and while our estimated total 2019 project investment related to this business transformation has remained unchanged.We now expect a lower 2019 capital spend component and higher operating expenses than we had originally expected for 2019. Resulting from this classification shift, we are lowering our 2019 capital spend outlook to approximately $200 million, and our 2019 updated operating profit outlook reflects the increased expense. We are excited about this investment to enable us to transform our ways of working and realize the benefits of a scalable growth platform.We are increasing our guidance for 2019 adjusted earnings per share to be in the range of $5.20 to $5.30, which compares to $4.97 of adjusted earnings per share in 2018 and represents a 5% to 7% increase, or in constant currency, 7% to 9%. This increase reflects the impact of changes I previously mentioned, our updated adjusted operating income outlook, the expected increase in income from unconsolidated operations and the projected lower adjusted effective tax rate.In summary, we continue to project strong growth in our 2019 constant currency outlook for sales, adjusted operating profit and adjusted earnings per share, following record double-digit performance across each objective in 2018 and while continuing to invest for future growth.I'd like to now turn it back to Lawrence for some additional remarks before we move to your questions.
Lawrence Kurzius: Thank you, Mike. Now that Mike has shared our financial results and outlook in more detail, I'd like to recap the key takeaways as seen on Slide 27. We are delivering against our plans, both for sales and profit realization and are confident in the momentum of our business. With our year-to-date results, we have a strong start to the year.Moving into our second half, we're confident in our plans, including brand marketing support, new product launches and new distribution which will drive further growth. Our 2019 outlook continues to reflect strong operating performance. And finally, we are sustainably positioned for growth and are continuing to deliver differentiated results while also investing to build the McCormick of the future.Now let's turn to your questions.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we'll be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Andrew Lazar: Hi. Good morning, everybody.
Lawrence Kurzius: Good morning, Andrew.
Michael Smith: Good morning.
Andrew Lazar: Lawrence, I know that last quarter was one of the first in  and probably a couple of years where McCormick actually gained share in the core spices and seasonings business in the U.S. I know that's something that, obviously you've been narrowing the gap quite a bit with the category and then flip to gaining some share.I think your comment in 2Q was that the delayed  the Easter delay around grilling season. I think you worded it hit McCormick or affected McCormick at a greater rate than, let's say the category. And so it look like a little bit of a share loss. I'm trying to get a sense of why that dynamic would have played out for McCormick differently then, let's say the category, and if there is any change in sort of the cadence of continuing to feel better about share gains going forward?
Lawrence Kurzius: Right. Sure, Andrew. Well, first of all, it's not that Easter  it's not Easter. It's the grilling season that was the issue. Easter fell later in the calendar, we actually had a great Easter season, but the late Easter did compress the grilling season and that compression of the grilling season impacted our grilling products and seasonally our grilling season items, particularly our Grill Mates seasoning blends are a big part of our business at this time of year.We didn't mention it in our prepared remarks, but it's also an exceptionally wet season. So the quarter was, I think the fifth wettest on record and May was the second wettest on record, and just the combination of the slow  of the late grilling season, the compression of the grilling season and some unfavorable weather was a headwind to our Grill Mates range. So that caused us to pace behind the category.I think the whole category was somewhat depressed by the compression of that grilling season, we're not the only ones who have a grilling range. And so  but we are the market leader and the Grill Mates range is a big part of our business at this time of the year. So the category was only up about 2%, we were only up about 1% in terms of spices and seasonings for the quarter, and we lost about 30 basis points of share.Although we are getting into a stronger position from a share gain standpoint, they're going to be some moving parts. I'd say that 30 basis points is not something that we are concerned about that we've had a good strong underlying trend. And I also want to point out that the unmeasured channels are not captured in that and we continue to have very strong growth in the unmeasured channel area that does not come through that consumption data.I'll also point out that private label also lost share. So there been a lot of concerns about private label in the market. Private label is becoming less and less of a factor. So that's not where that came in.
Andrew Lazar: Great. I really appreciate the added color. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Driscoll with Citi Research. Please proceed with your question.
David Driscoll: Great. Thank you, and good morning.
Lawrence Kurzius: Hi, Dave.
Michael Smith: Good morning.
David Driscoll: Two questions for me. Just on the operating profit guide down, can you just talk about the environment outside the United States and the impact to your operating profit guidance?And then just a longer-term question Lawrence, wanted to just to get your sense as to the in-home cooking trends, I think they are quite positive right now, but wanted to get your sense as to, as the U.S. unemployment rate remained very, very low, how do you see those in-home trends continuing over the course of the kind of medium term? Do you think that the low unemployment would drive people out to the restaurants or do you really see in-home cooking as a sustainable driver even with this very, very low unemployment rate?
Lawrence Kurzius: I'm going to let Mike to take the front end of that.
Michael Smith: Yes, I'll talk about - the change in operating profit guidance was really driven primarily by the shift from capital to expense in the ERP side of things. In the global economic environment, as you mentioned, it was a small piece of that, but I would just characterize things as volatile right now. I mean, we've talked about how we have mitigation plans for Brexit and EMEA. That's on-again, off-again. It's been longer than we would have thought at this point.We had the Mexico scare about a month ago, we have significant business down there, and we have a China slowdown and China had the slowest growth from a GDP perspective in 20 years in their first quarter. So it's really volatile now and we kind of consider that for our ongoing operating profit guidance for this year, but the real change versus our previous guidance is due to just a classification shift on ERP.
Lawrence Kurzius: Right. As far as eating out trends, because this is a long-term trend, unemployment has been very low for quite a long time. I think that this cooking at home trend is more a characteristic of the millennial generation and is not being driven by economic factors, it's being more driven by a desire for more fresh food and a different kind of lifestyle. And so I think that the unemployment rate and I think that trend continues intact in the short, medium and long-term.
David Driscoll: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Kenneth Goldman: Hi. Thanks. Good morning, everybody.
Lawrence Kurzius: Good morning, Ken.
Kenneth Goldman: Two questions from me, and if you addressed this, forgive me, I have a couple earnings this morning. But number one, you're looking for a very big jump in the tax rate in the second half, but historically you've consistently, I think it's fair to say over guided when it comes to taxes, just to be conservative perhaps and which is great, but just to be aligned with history, why shouldn't we model a little bit of a lower tax rate than what you've guided to for the second half?And then my second question is, I wanted to get a sense, the economic conditions you mentioned in China was that more on the foodservice side, on the retail side? I just wanted to get a little bit more color on exactly what the headwind is there? Thank you.
Michael Smith: Hey, Ken. It's Mike. I'll talk about the taxes. I mean, we've talked about this in the past, I mean you're right. Generally, we guide to an underlying tax rate based on regulations and things. It has got a bit volatile, the last couple of years when the accounting rules changed around stock option  discrete item, stock option exercises. And what we try to do is, lay out the underlying, and if there is discrete items like that happened that is a favorable to us and we've seen that through the first half of the year.I mean one of the things with our stock appreciation over the last couple of years, there has been significant stock option exercises, a lot by retirees, and that does also drive some unfavorable from an operating profit perspective and it puts more shares out there too. So isn't all something to drop to the bottom line from a tax perspective.But in the second half, you do the squeeze, 24% to 25% that is the underlying tax rate. And as we know with the guilty tax and other things that are still uncertain from the federal government, it could go either way. But I look to the past a bit, but we've had in the last year, real significant discrete items from stock options which may or may not continue.
Lawrence Kurzius: And the retiree stock option exercises. Ill add some color to that. So on China, that's a really good question, Ken. The slowdown  there is an economic slowdown in China as we all know. We suspect that the official figures are probably optimistic and that maybe the slowdown in China is even greater than it would appear from the government statistics that are released. I'm saying that as nicely as I can. And it is the case that we're seeing, the biggest impact in the restaurant sector.In China, our consumer business includes foodservice component, because they share a common distribution channel, particularly in the traditional trade and in the smaller markets and that foodservice related items are where we're seeing some impact, and anecdotally, we're certainly getting a lot of feedback from our organization in China that foodservice and restaurant sales that are slow. Over in our Flavor solution side of the business, our customers are more focused on core products as a result, because they're trying to drive value through the restaurant and bring people in.So I think that the economic conditions are having a greater impact on foodservice and restaurant consumption than on the true retail part of the business where our retails related items continue to show very strong growth and our e-commerce business, which is consumer-oriented continues to show really strong growth in that area.It was another compounding factor and that is this African swine fever, starting to show up as a meat shortage and rising meat prices in China, which puts cost pressure on the whole foodservice sector there, because of course that leads over to all the alternative and meats as well and with the resulting price impact to the consumer who is going through different foodservice outlets. So a little bit of a longish answer, but it is a more foodservice than retail.
Kenneth Goldman: Very helpful as always. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard with Bernstein. Please proceed with your question.
Alexia Howard: Good morning, everyone. So two questions. The first one on the Consumer Americas business and the fact that it was, I guess, negatively affected by the shorter grilling season, maybe the wet weather hit things a little hard this time as well. Does that mean we would expect to go back to a more normal level if sales growth starting next quarter? Is there anything sort of out there that would say it wouldn't sort of start to get back to a more normal level next time?And then a more specific question on the EMEA Flavor Solutions business, obviously very strong this time around. Was that largely based on  you mentioned the QSR promotions, but with also new contract wins, I just wanted to get an idea of whether that strength is likely to be sustainable? Thank you and I'll pass it on.
Lawrence Kurzius: Okay. Thanks, Alexia. Good morning. You just started your question, before we can say, hi. The Consumer Americas specifically, first of all, I don't want to apologize too much for organic growth that we're having there. Some of our peers are reporting right around us and see quite a differential between what we're reporting and what they are and I think that we did have solid organic sales growth and I don't want us to lose the thread  thought on that.But we are expecting a stronger second half to the year than the first half and I think that we've been trying to signal that all year along right from the guidance that we gave at the beginning of the year and even in our remarks at the end of first quarter.Our marketing spend is deliberately skewed to the second half of the year, where it has the strongest ROI. Our new product launches in the first half, we get the benefit of that in the second half. We have more new products that we're launching in the second half of the year as well.We are going to be lapping some Americas anomalies in the fourth quarter that we don't expect to repeat. So overall, we are expecting higher organic sales growth in the Americas as we go through the second half.If I could shift gears over to the EMEA Flavor Solutions business, it's both. So this is a continuation of the strong trend that we saw in the first quarter. I mean that business  in terms of the constant currency growth, it's actually exactly the same as it was in the first quarter and it's driven by the same factors. We do have some new customer wins, but we also have strong growth with our existing customer base there.
Alexia Howard: Great. Thank you very much. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Robert Moskow: Hi, good morning.
Lawrence Kurzius: Hey, Robert.
Robert Moskow: So the guidance for the year has always involved or required a lot of operating leverage a little bit less now with the operating income down 1%. Can you talk a little bit more detail about the transformation spending that you're doing the ERP? And how  can you give us some specific details on how that can release more cost savings going forward? You mentioned some efficiencies, but are there any headcount implications heading into the next few years from what you're doing with ERP? Thanks.
Michael Smith: Hey, Rob, this is Mike. I mean, this is a three-year initiative and we're in year one of the three years. And we laid out the capital and expense portions of that that we'll realize over the three years. We did talk about the shift and it's really primarily a lot of our expense is happening in the second and third quarter of this year then it will shift to more of a capital side of things.But really we're focusing on this business transformation of ERP as it really a growth initiative. And it will give us efficiencies, no question as we standardize processes around the world, as we do things one way around the world. It's really to make sure we can focus our resources on growing business, bringing in acquisitions much easier.In the past as we brought in acquisitions, it's been tough and it takes a lot of effort from the organization. So I think that's something I just focus from a growth perspective as we continue to get more and more scale to be a bigger company. This is really in investment in our business to get us to the next level.
Lawrence Kurzius: I'll add to that a little bit, Rob and that is that this is linked also to our Global Enablement program, where we're simplifying our processes, aligning them globally, so we can centralize and definitely both enables us to be more agile and grow and then also does absolutely result in cost savings as we do get a benefit from that scale. So this is a technology enabling part of that Global Enablement project.As part of this, we're also  as a technology upgrade, we are making a migration to the next-generation of SAP S/4HANA. The whole industry is going to have to go to that. Some of us have, but most of us have not yet started that journey. It is if you doing it on a pretty brisk pace as we are in a minimum of a three-year project. SAP goes out of service in 2025. We want to be well ahead of that curve and see this as an opportunity rather than as a cost that we have to bear it down the road.
Robert Moskow: Okay. A quick follow-up though. I thought I heard you say that you're in a better position to make acquisitions now? Did I hear that correctly, and if so what capabilities are you focused on acquiring?
Michael Smith: As we move down towards the 3x debt-to-EBITDA, I think that's what we were saying, as we get closer to our commitment that allows us to start looking at acquisitions.
Lawrence Kurzius: Exactly, and so we're not  and the kind of acquisitions that we would look for would be consistent with what we've done and messaged in the past, great flavor businesses, great consumer brands that build our consumer flavor business, flavor solutions businesses that add flavor capability and capacity, and those would be the main areas and business that grow.
Michael Smith: And of course businesses that grow.
Lawrence Kurzius: Obviously, we don't do without growth.
Robert Moskow: Got it. So 3x is really the trigger?
Michael Smith: I wouldn't say that's a trigger, but we've said we've always committed is that we're going to get to 3x by the end of 2020. And as we get  as we're closing in on that, we're not going to start working on deals once we get to 3x. Right now, we've got a debt-to-EBITDA ratio that starts with 3x, and we're on track to end up with  the back-end of the year, Rob, is a heavy cash flows. By the end of the year we'll be  we will be insight.
Robert Moskow: Yes, so I thought. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Adam Samuelson: Yes. Thanks. Good morning everyone.
Michael Smith: Good morning Adam.
Lawrence Kurzius: Hey, good morning, Adam.
Adam Samuelson: So question on the Flavor Solutions business and really centered on the margin side. And just  can you maybe quantify the transactional FX headwinds that you're facing there? Just in the spirit of the question is, first half organic growth in the business is a little bit north of 5% and margins on a year-on-year basis are up 10 basis points, 20 basis points.And I'm just trying to think about the operating leverage within that mix. It doesn't seem like it's a headwinds, especially if you talk about the bulk ingredients business being down. So I'm just trying to make sure I'm understanding kind of some of the cost or margin pressures that are hitting you there and how do you think about that going forward?
Michael Smith: No, I think about it in a bit of a couple of factors that are actually hitting us in the Flavor Solutions side. The transactional FX as you said, which has been hitting us in the last six months of last year and the first six months of this year. We'll get into more favorable FX comparison in the second six, so there should be an acceleration there.We're also as Lawrence mentioned in Asia, particularly China, as we're kind of a negative mix issue right now as the QSR's focus is more on their core products versus LTOs, Limited Time Offers. We make more margin obviously on Limited Time Offers. So  but we see that, again that ebbs and flows and as the economies recover, we think they will go back to more LTOs and we're actually seeing a little bit of that in some of the areas. So I see an acceleration of our operating margin on the Flavor Solutions side in the second half as this clouds go away.
Lawrence Kurzius: Particularly that FX is going to be less unfavorable in the second half now. We tempered both of our remarks with the caveat that this is really kind of volatile environment and we're  but the FX outlook that we have right now, we should be getting into comparisons that are pretty closed year-on-year.
Adam Samuelson: Okay. And then just quickly on the JV, you took up the range for earnings growth in that line item. Is that just a reflection of the first half performance where you're above the high end of the kind of upper single-digit growth or is the full-year  it's the back half actually improving there too?
Lawrence Kurzius: Yes. If I can jump in on that, so we're having really strong sales growth in our mix JV, and that's falling through to profitability. So the performance year-to-date there has been really good and we have a positive outlook on that. So we've  so originally our outlook on our JVs as a group was flat.We're in a pretty strong place right now and so we have a  it's a little bit of both. We have great results year-to-date and we expect that to continue and we also wanted to really call this out, because a lot of times we don't talk about the unconsolidated operations, but those are real operating results. We are not passive operators of our unconsolidated JVs, and just in the last few weeks, both Mike and I up and down there multiple times. These are businesses that we're actively engaged, and doing very well.
Michael Smith: And doing very well.
Adam Samuelson: Okay. I appreciate the color. I'll pass it on. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Chris Growe with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Christopher Growe: Hi, good morning.
Lawrence Kurzius: Hey, Chris.
Michael Smith: Good morning.
Christopher Growe: I just had two questions if I could. I want to follow-up on an earlier discussion of, obviously a bit of a delay in the grilling season. I guess I wanted to be clear. Is that something you think you can back  you get those sales back, say, starting in Q3 that this is sort of pent-up demand by consumers that got pushed out a bit? Is that the way to look at it or is it more of the potential for lost sales given promotional changes there?
Lawrence Kurzius: No, I think that if I could, I know you said you had two parts. I'm going to just jump in and answer. I think the consumption that didn't happen, it didn't happen. It was that compression  this is also something that we've had discussions about with our customers as well so  and so there was a lost merchandising activity, the customers couldn't get their Easter promotions down fast enough to get the grilling promotion display materials up and  what the consumers didn't consume, because remember we talked about through the scanner that the Grill Mates, the grilling part of our seasoning business is the part that is slow. That's consumption that is  that's really lost.
Christopher Growe: Okay.
Michael Smith: But it's something we planned internally everyone knows when Easter was going to hit. We've moved some advertising into the third quarter. You're going to see a nice up spend in the third quarter, which will continue to drive good consumption.
Christopher Growe: Okay, great. Thank you. And then in relation to the gross margin, how would you characterize cost inflation and pricing, those two roughly offset each other. You did mention that CCI was the main driver of your gross margin improvement. And maybe related to that, in terms of the CCI savings, are they more gross margin focus this year versus SG&A or if there are any color there just would be interested in that?
Lawrence Kurzius: Yes. I wouldn't say from CCI perspective, we have seen a large shift between costs of goods sold CCI or SG&A CCI. I think from a pricing perspective and a cost perspective, as we said in beginning of the year, this is a relatively benign environment for us, low single-digit cost inflation, and we've taken some pricing where we needed to do that this year, but it's a relatively benign side. So the CCI is able to work for us better to drop through to the operating profit margin.
Michael Smith: And we have some ongoing discussions on price on specific items as well that are always in progress.
Christopher Growe: Yes. Okay, got it. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Rob Dickerson with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Robert Dickerson: Great. Thank you so much.
Lawrence Kurzius: Hi, Rob.
Robert Dickerson: Good morning. Just kind of overview question on guidance in the back half given all the questions that have already been asked, so it seems like  what you're saying and kind of what I'm hearing is, there is maybe a little bit extra spend on the ERP system upgrade, I guess, right, but I guess the shift to...
Lawrence Kurzius: It's the shift Rob. It is going from capital to expense. If you notice and we talked about in the script, our capital range was $200 million to $220 million. We've shifted that down to $200 million now for the year. So capital is down, expense is up. Think about it that way.
Michael Smith: It's the same money.
Lawrence Kurzius: Same cash.
Robert Dickerson: Right. So and I mean at times, I actually am very ignorant. I do a admit that? So could you just explain that simplistically so everybody on the call can understand...
Michael Smith: Yes. Okay, that's fine. I mean, I can talk for hours about the accounting around this, but I won't. But it's  one of the things when we came into the year and as Lawrence talked about in the January call, we were starting to engage our system integrator to look at the scope of the project, the timing and we had an estimate of what the total cost would be over those couple of years.And based on what we knew at the time, based on the phases of the project and what is capital, what is expense from an accounting perspective. We took our best crack at it. Once the system integrator got it and put the plan together, we realized that, okay, there is a little bit more expense upfront than we thought a little less capital based on the work that they're doing on the ERP design, the implementation, all that sort of stuff. So that's what you see here. Total cost is going to be about the same. It's just the shift between the two based on the accounting rules and better [indiscernible].
Robert Dickerson: Okay. Good answer. And then just secondly and simplistically, it sounds like what you're saying is in the back half, right given sound like there's still margin mix pressure and a lot, but like you said and kind of restaurants relative to kind of base core retail and Asia, let's ignore the ERP piece for a second, but then in the back half, maybe some of that loosens we'll see, but it's also  there is a FX reversal, not a full reversal, but less of a headwind.And then it also sounds like may be as you're coming out of this kind of fit of late, wet, post Easter grilling season that maybe marketing dollars, you can improve velocities and then hopefully also improves the margin mix, because when I just look at the guide, right, we did talk about some of the shift in the grilling season in the quarter or what happened in China.But quite frankly, your topline is actually still pretty strong and you're exactly in line for the most part where you were relative to Q1 on a two-year stack basis. So it is  it seems like it's more of a margin expansion  expectation in the back half versus a big topline acceleration relative to the first half. Is that a fair summary?
Michael Smith: Yes. I think you've got the right, Rob. Remember the fourth quarter and the challenges, we're going to have really favorable mix in the back half over compared to 2018 based on what we saw last year. And the other thing that someone mentioned CCI  before CCI build during the year, so that does help margin also.
Lawrence Kurzius: And Rob, probably you made a point about the sales growth being solid and look  took just to step back on the whole  overall picture, because like last quarter, this was really a solid, no drama quarter, we put together. Two pretty un-dramatic solid performances year-to-year.We had solid sales growth in this quarter, nearly 3% in constant currency, which compares very strongly to our peers and through the first half, a little over 3.5% on all of sales growth, constant currency, all of it organic.And as we've signaled all year, we expect a stronger second half. We've had good operating profit and growth and margin expansion. It's actually in line with our algorithm. And quarter-by-quarter, we're putting together a strong 2019. We're very confident in our outlook of the second half. I think  those are some really good points you raised.
Robert Dickerson: Guys, thank you very much. I appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I'll turn the floor back to Mr. Kurzius for any final comments.
Lawrence Kurzius: Great. Thank you everyone for your questions and for participating on today's call. McCormick is a global leader in flavor and we're differentiated with the broad and advantaged portfolio, which continues to drive growth, growing in profitable business and operates in an environment that's changing at an ever faster pace.We're responding readily to changes in the industry with new ideas, innovation and purpose. With a relentless focus on growth performance and people, we continue to perform strong globally and build shareholder value. Our second quarter financial results both across our Consumer and Flavor Solutions segment was strong. We have confidence in our fiscal year outlook and we're well positioned to deliver another strong year in 2019.
Kasey Jenkins: Thank you, Lawrence and thanks to all for joining today's call. If you have any further questions regarding today's information, you can reach us at 410-771-7140. This concludes this morning's conference call. And for all of you in the U.S. enjoy your 4 July holiday next week. Grill some.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-03-26 08:00:00) =====
Kasey Jenkins: Good morning. This is Kasey Jenkins, Vice President of McCormick Investor Relations. Thank you for joining todays First Quarter Earnings Call. To accompany this call, we've posted a set of slides at ir.mccormick.com. Currently, all participants are in listen-only mode. Following our remarks, we will begin a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Well begin with remarks from Lawrence Kurzius, Chairman, President and CEO; and Mike Smith, Executive Vice President and CFO. During our remarks, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. These include information in constant currency as well as adjusted operating income, adjusted income tax rate and adjusted earnings per share that excludes the impact of special charges, and for 2018 transaction and integration expenses related to the acquisitions of our Frank's and French's brand as well as the net non-recurring income tax benefits associated with the December 2017 U.S. Tax Reform Legislation. Reconciliations to the GAAP results are included in this mornings press release and slides. In our comments, certain percentages are rounded. Please refer to our presentation which includes the complete information. In addition, please note that all comparisons discussed today, both for results and outlook, are calculated from the 2018 days that have been recast for the two accounting standard updates we adopted on a retrospective basis in the first quarter of 2019, as well as for certain other reclassifications noted in this mornings first quarter results press release. Please refer to the recast 2018 financials section of the press release and the Form 8-K, we furnished on March 11 for further details, as well as the fillings of our Form 10-Q later today, which reflects all the changes to our previously reported 2018 results and the historical financial information that has been recast. As a reminder, todays presentation contains projections and other forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from those projected. The Company undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements whether because of new information, future events or other factors. As seen on Slide 2, our forward-looking statements also provide information on risk factors that could affect our financial results. It is now my pleasure to turn the discussion over to Lawrence.
Lawrence Kurzius: Thank you, Kasey. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. Our first quarter results were a great start to the year delivering sales, operating income and adjusted earnings per share growth as well as margin expansion. Our successful execution of our strategies and engagement of employees around the world has driven strong performance across both of our segments. And were confident they will continue to drive the momentum and success as we go through the year. Starting on Slide 4, our broad and advantaged global flavor portfolio continues to position us to meet the demand for flavor around the world and grow our business. Among our first quarter highlights across our portfolio, we drove growth on our consumer segment with strength particularly in U.S. spices and seasonings, recipe mixes and new Franks Zatarains frozen products, as well as in China, sauces and Chicken bouillon. In our flavor solutions segment, our Americas and EMEA regions drove significant growth in flavors, brand and food service and condiments with strong contributions for both new products and the base business. We are confident our breadth and reach will continue to differentiate McCormick and be the foundation of our sales growth as consumer demand for flavor continues to rise. No matter where or what you choose to eat or drink, you're probably enjoying something flavored by McCormick every day. Now let me go into more detail on our first quarter performance as seen on Slide 5 as well as provide some business comments before turning it over to Mike. We'll go more in depth on the quarter-end results and the details of our 2019 outlook. As we said on our year-end earnings call in January and at CAGNY in February, we have confidence in our strategies and are well positioned to deliver strong results in 2019. You can see this beginning with our first quarter performance, but the strong sales growth, operating profit growth, margin growth and EPS growth. Starting with our top line for the first quarter, versus a year ago period we grew sales 1% and a constant currency sales grew 4% for the total company with strengthened both segments. This growth was due to higher volume and product mix. It was entirely organic, driven by the base business and new products as we had no acquisitions impact in the quarter. In our consumer segment, sales were flat, including an unfavorable impact from currency and grew 3% in constant currency. In our flavor solutions segment, sales grew 3% and then constant currency grew 6%. In addition to our top line growth, we grew adjusted operating income and expanded our adjusted operating margin. With our higher sales and cost savings led by our comprehensive continuous improvement program or CCI, we grew the first quarter's adjusted operating income 4% or 6% in constant currency and expanded our adjusted operating margin 40 basis points. At the bottom line, our first quarter adjusted earnings per share of $1.12 was 12% higher than the $1 in the first quarter of 2018, driven primarily by our adjusted operating income growth and the lower adjusted the tax rate. And this 12% adjusted earnings per share growth includes an unfavorable impact from currency. Our solid first quarter results were in line with our expectations and our outlook for 2018 performance, which we shared on our January earnings call continues to be strong. I'd like to turn now to a business update with a focus this morning on highlights from our consumer and flavor solutions segments, our exciting new products for the first half of 2019. And finally touch on some of our recent announcements. Starting on Slide 6 with our consumer segment, as I just mentioned, we grew constant currency sales 3% with increases at each of our three reasons. In the Americas, we grew constant currency sales 3%, driven by higher volume and product mix. In the U.S., the unusual impacts we had in the fourth quarter, as we previously indicated on our January earnings call and at CAGNY are behind us. Our IRI data indicates U.S. spices and seasoning scanner sales through multi outlets grew 4% for the category and 5% for McCormick branded reflecting a continuation of the strong consumption and share trend improvement realized in the fourth quarter. In fact, we grew spice and seasoning share in the first quarter. Our performance in the market is being driven by new products, expanded distribution together with our strong marketing programs and merchandising execution. Additionally, we again had strong growth in unmeasured channels, including club, e-commerce and Hispanic retail chains. Overall, combining strong consumption growth in other parts of our U.S. branded portfolio with spices and seasonings, we continued to see an acceleration in our consumption trends, which shows we're winning with consumers across our portfolio. McCormick branded dry recipe mixes continuing their momentum of consumption and share growth and Stubb's barbecue sauce consumption growth again outpaced this category. Frank's Red Hot Sauce, Grill Mates and Lowery's Marinade, all grew consumption, partially driven by leveraging Super Bowl marketing and promotional programs across our condiment portfolio. New products including Frank's Red Hot frozen wings and Zatarains frozen items are also gaining momentum and contributed to first quarter growth. As I mentioned, our strong marketing programs contributed to driving our growth. We've also increased our effectiveness and are getting more value out of each marketing dollar. In the first quarter, we've funded increases in our working media with decreases in our non-working spend. Our newly formed marketing excellence organization, which I discussed that CAGNY is optimizing our brand marketing spend and driving greater speed and effectiveness. For instance, with our innovative approach for Franks brand support, we had a big win on Super Bowl Sunday. We spent significantly less than the cost of the Super Bowl commercial and leverage the power of social media with the strong creative idea. With our plateful splat, Frank's garnered over 250 million consumer impressions and was awarded Twitter's Brand Interception award for driving the highest percentage of branded conversations during the big game without a national television ad. Not only did we win the award, we won with significant Franks consumption growth. Now turning to Europe, Middle East and Africa, the EMEA region, constant currency growth was driven by new products as well as expanded distribution and successful promotional activity. New product launches in the UK, in the second half of the year, First Choice, our brand renovation initiative and street food seasonings, which are adventurous flavors for millennials continued to do well, and we're excited to build on strong early results with continued expansion to additional markets in 2019. In the Asia Pacific region, our constant currency growth was led by China, driven by new products as well as the base business growth due to successful merchandising execution and expanded distribution. We're also excited by the momentum we're gaining on Frank's and French's. At the end of the first quarter, products with localized Chinese labels are beginning and we listed at retail stores and we expect distribution to build over the year. Turning now to Slide 7, in our flavor solutions segment, our sales performance was excellent. Our constant currency sales growth was 6%, driven by higher volume and product mix on base business as well as new products in the Americas and EMEA regions. We're continuing to win with our customers with the new products, expanded distribution and promotional activities. In the Americas, we drove constant currency sales growth of 7%. We had strong sales growth to quick service restaurants as well as in our flavor product categories. Our flavor sales were driven by snack seasonings, particularly due to new products and our customers' promotions and by products that deliver the clean label and better-for-you attributes our customers are seeking. We also had strong branded food service growth, driven by the increased distribution with national and regional customers, promotional activity with operators and expansion in emerging channels. In branded food service, we continue to realize the benefits of leveraging our full portfolio of McCormick spices and seasonings and Frank's French's and catalyst products across operators. Our sales growth in EMEA was outstanding, 9% in constant currency was broad-based across the portfolio both from product category and customer perspective. The momentum we built in this region last year carried into the first quarter. We grow sales growth to quick service restaurants, partially due to their strong promotional activities, and the packaged food companies with new products being a key driver. Our new products are an important point to differentiate our brands and drive growth. Now I am happy to share with you our consumer segment's robust plans for new products in the first half of 2019, as seen on Slide 8. We're delivering against consumer demand for healthy options and transparency in the quality and source of ingredients. In the U.S., we've launched the Zatarain's Garden District kitchen range. These new solutions inspired by the rich culinary heritage of New Orleans, a plant-based and high in both protein and fiber. And we continue to renovate are dry recipe mixes with simple and clean ingredient segments that still deliver delicious flavor. Were continually improving our portfolio to strengthen our relevance for consumers. In the U.S., we're expanding our McCormick gourmet line with the range of premium salts and peppers. In France, we launched the range of Ducros, grown in France herbs, for French consumer, values, provenance and local sourcing. And in China, we're re-launching our packaging with new graphics that drive premium perception and better shelf visibility. With ease and convenience, were making a key driver of consumer trends. We are offering consumers convenience with flavor. In the U.S., we've launched new Grill Mates marinate flavors, which provided convenient ways to introduce more flavors to grilling and French's dipping sauces, which deliver fantastic taste with the convenience of ready to eat. We've also launched Zatarain's frozen entree rice bowls, made with clean ingredients and leverage the popularity of cilantro lime with shrimp and chicken. And we'll be launching our one product platform, instead of one dish recipe mix flavors to make dinners easy, which includes new flavors created using the combination of artificial intelligence and our consumer insights. And finally, we continue to introduce new flavors and varieties to drive flavor exploration and experimentation. In Canada, we are renovating our line of La Grille barbecue sauces with a new bottle and reformulated flavors. In the UK, we're targeting the millennial consumer with the launch of a new range of rapid recipe mixes, which capitalize on the sandwich wraps trend at home and the restaurant menus. And also targeting the millennial consumer, we're launching a new range of co-branded tasty McCormick recipe mix blends in the U.S., Canada and the UK, which I will expand on further in a few minutes. Turning to flavor solutions on Slide 9, while we do not get specific with our product developments in this segment, we're continuing to capitalize on our culinary foundation, customer collaboration both of which differentiate us with customers. This unique combination allows us to continue our new product momentum as our customers continue to move their portfolios to on-trend flavors, and more natural and better-for-you product while ensuring that taste is not compromised. We have a broad portfolio of product platforms and technologies to deliver a range of natural solutions for our customers. Along the natural flavors spectrum, clean flavor is the next emerging space. We're excited to have re-launched our new clean and natural platform Flavor Real, McCormick is setting the benchmark for development of on-trend organic, non-GMO and better-for-you products with their unparalleled natural ingredients supply chain and technologies enabling clean label transparency. To support the consumer movement to healthier and more natural, our proprietary modulation technology called Flavor Full, solves common flavor challenges, including masking bitter or sour notes and enhancing sweet, salt or fat. We can sell for any low or no challenge without sacrificing iconic flavor. And finally, our two flavor delivery technologies deliver optimal flavor experiences. Our Patented Flavor Cell is a controlled release encapsulation technology designed to deliver flavor where and when and how you need it. Our flavor spice technology delivers flexible natural replacements for ground spices and herbs for increased concentration and solubility. Our strategy to begin with understanding real food and beverage, to create authentic flavors, combined with the breadth of our product platforms and technologies, is driving our new product wins with our customers, with sales from product launch as a key growth driver in our first quarter results. Now I'd like to highlight some recent news on Slide 10. As announced in early February, McCormick has partnered with IBM to pioneer the application of Artificial Intelligence or AI, for flavor and product development. We were entering into new era of flavor innovation. This proprietary cutting edge technology, which we have previously discussed as computational creativity, sets McCormick apart across our consumer and flavor solutions segments. Our product developers are now able to export flavor territories across the globe more quickly and efficiently utilizing technology to extract key insights for millions of data points across sensory science, consumer preference and flavor palettes. As we've continued to expand the use of this system, we've launched our first AI-enabled consumer product platform, one, which I mentioned a few moments ago in my new product comments. I also mentioned earlier a new range of co-branded tasty products, which I'd like to expand on further. During the first quarter, we launched a global partnership with Buzzfeed Tasty, the number one cooking video website in the world for Millennials and Gen Z with over two billion views a month. This partnership allows us to gain significant reach as we are now the official spice in the videos and recipes these generations used while seeking recipe inspiration through social media. In the second quarter, we will be launching our seasoning blends range, which will be available both through the direct to consumer channel and retail. We're thrilled with this new partnership, which will deliver substantial incremental impressions in reach to an audience, primarily under the 35 years of age and further accelerate our digital platform. In February, we were recognized on Variance 2019 100 most sustainable companies list for the second straight year. At McCormick, were driven to do the right thing for people, communities and our planet, and as such we're recognized as a leader in sustainability. On a final note, I'd like to acknowledge Mike Fitzpatrick, who is retiring from our Board of Directors after serving as a director since 2001. We sincerely appreciate Mike's contributions to our success over the last 18 years and thank him for his service. Now I'd like to provide a few summary comments as seen on Slide 11, before turning it over to Mike. At the foundation of our sales growth is the rising consumer demand for flavor. We are aligned with the consumers' increased interest in older flavors, demand for convenience and focus on fresh natural ingredients as well as with emerging purchase drivers such as greater transparency around the sourcing and quality of food. With this increased interest flavor continues to be an advantaged global category, which combined with our execution against effective strategies will drive strong results. We have a solid foundation in an environment that continues to be dynamic and fast pace we are sure that we remain agile, relevant and focused on sustainable growth. Our experienced leaders and employees are executing against our strategies, which are designed to build long-term value for our shareholders. Our first quarter financial results across both our consumer and flavor solutions segments were a great start to the year. We delivered these results according to our plans and are excited by our momentum. Our fundamentals are strong. And we're confident the initiatives we have underway position us to continue our growth trajectory. Were balancing our resources and efforts to drive sales with our work to lower costs to build fuel for growth and higher margins. We have confidence in our fiscal year outlook and are well positioned to deliver another strong year in 2019. Around the world, McCormick employees are driving our momentum and our success. And I thank them for their efforts and engagement. Thank you for your attention. And it is now my pleasure to turn it over to Mike for additional remarks on the first quarter financial results and 2019 outlook.
Mike Smith: Thanks, Lawrence, and good morning, everyone. As Lawrence indicated, we delivered strong growth with our first quarter results. I'll begin with a discussion of our results and then follow with details of our full year 2019 financial outlook. Starting on Slide 13, we grew sales 4% at constant currency. And as Lawrence mentioned earlier, this was entirely organic growth, driven by the base business and new products as we had no acquisition impact in the quarter. Both our consumer and flavor solutions segments delivered strong top line constant currency growth, driven by volume and product mix. The consumer segment grew sales 3% in constant currency with growth in all three regions. On Slide 14, consumer segment sales in the Americas rose 3% in constant currency versus the first quarter of 2018. As Lawrence described earlier, this increase was primarily driven by higher volume and product mix across several product lines spices and seasonings, dry recipe mixes and frozen products. Pricing related to the incremental impact of 2018 actions also contributed to the increase. In EMEA, constant currency consumer sales were up 1% from a year ago. Higher volume and product mix were driven by new products, distribution gains and promotional activities. This growth was partially offset by pricing actions, including those related to planned trade commercial activities for new products and a holiday season. We grew consumer sales in the Asia-Pacific region 4% in constant currency led by China growth with strength in new world flavor sauces and chicken bouillon as well as herbs and spice. Turning to our flavor solutions segment and Slide 17, we grew first quarter constant currency sales, 6%, attributable to a strong growth in the EMEA and Americas region. In the Americas flavor solutions constant currency sales increased 7% with broad-based growth across the portfolio, driven by quick service restaurants and continued flavors momentum. New products, expanded distribution and our customer's promotional activities all contributed to the sales increase. In EMEA, we grew flavors solution sales 9% in constant currency, driven by new products and volume growth on the base business. Sales increased to both packaged food companies and quick service restaurants, partially due to their promotional activity and spanned across all categories. In the Asia-Pacific region, flavor solution sales and constant currency were flat to the year ago period due to the timing of our quick service restaurant customers' promotional activities. Across both segments, adjusted operating income, which excludes special charges, and for 2018, the transaction and integration costs related to the acquisition of our Frank's and French's brands rose 4% in the first quarter versus the year ago period, and excluding the impact of unfavorable currency rose 6%. Adjusted operating income in the consumer segment rose to $135 million. And in the flavor solutions segment we rose to $64 million. Both of which were at 4% increase. In constant currency, adjusted operating income increased 6% in the consumer segment and 7% in the flavor solutions segment. For each segment, the increase was driven by higher sales and CCI-led cost savings. As seen on Slide 22, in the first quarter, we expanded adjusted operating margin 40 basis points. This expansion was driven by the leverage from sales growth, CCI-led cost savings and lower brand marketing, partially offset by investments to drive future growth. Turning to income taxes on Slide 23, our first quarter adjusted effective income tax rate was 13.9% as compared to 18.9% in the year ago period. Our first quarter adjusted rate was favorably impacted by discrete tax items, primarily one related to our entity structure as we mentioned in our January earnings call. We continue to project our full year 2019 adjusted effective tax rate to approximate 22%. Income from unconsolidated operations was $10 million compared to $8 million in the first quarter of 2018 with the increase led by our joint venture in Mexico. For 2019, we continue to expect a low-single-digit increase in our income from unconsolidated operations. At the bottom line, as shown on Slide 25, first quarter 2019 adjusted earnings per share was $1.12, up 12% from $1 for the year ago period, mainly due to higher adjusted operating income and a lower adjusted income tax rate. And this increase included an unfavorable impact from currency. On Slide 26, we summarize highlights for cash flow and the quarter-end balance sheet. Our cash flow provided from operations was $104 million in the first quarter of 2019 compared to an outflow of $21 million in the first quarter of 2018. This increase was driven by higher operating income and working capital improvements. As we execute against programs to achieve working capital reductions such as extending supplier payment terms and inventory management programs, we continue to see improvements in our cash conversion cycle, finishing the first quarter down four days versus our fiscal year-end. We returned $75 million of cash to shareholders through dividends and used $25 million for capital expenditures this period. We expect 2019 to be another year of strong cash flow, driven by profit and working capital initiatives. And our priority is to continue to have a balanced use of cash making investments to drive growth, returning a significant portion to our shareholders through dividends and to pay down debt. I'll now move to our current financial outlook for 2019 on Slide 27. We are reaffirming our 2019 outlook for another year of strong performance with our broad and advantaged flavor portfolio, effective growth strategies and focus on profit realization. We continue to estimate, based on prevailing rates, a two percentage point unfavorable impact of currency rate on net sales, adjusted operating income and adjusted earnings per share. We expect unfavorable currency impact will be greater in the first half of the year than in the second half. At the top line, we reaffirm our guidance to grow sales 1% to 3%, which in constant currency is a 3% to 5% projected growth rate. As a reminder, this will be entirely organic growth driven, primarily by higher volume and product mix as well as the impact of pricing to offset any anticipated low-single-digit cost increase. We continue to protect our 2019 gross profit margin to be 25 to 75-basis points higher than in 2018 in part driven by our CCI-led cost savings. We reaffirm our adjusted operating income growth of 7% to 9% from $930 million in 2018, which in constant currency is a 9% to 11% projected growth rate and reflects our continued focus on profit realization. Our cost savings target is approximately $110 million, and we expect the brand marketing to be comparable to 2018. As I previously mentioned, we continue to expect our 2019 adjusted effective income tax rate to approximate 22% based upon our estimated mix of earnings by country, in addition to our state tax rates. This projection is lower than our underlying effective tax rate of 24%, due to the favorable first quarter discrete impact, I mentioned a few moments ago. Our full year 22% outlook versus our 2018 adjusted effective tax rate of 19.6% is approximately a 300-basis-point headwind to our 2019 adjusted earnings per share growth. We reaffirm our guidance for the adjusted earnings per share in 2019 of $5.17 to $5.27. This compares to $4.97 of adjusted earnings per share in 2018 and represents a 4% to 6% increase, which in constant currency is a 6% to 8% increase. This increase includes the expected tax headwind, I just mentioned. In summary, we are projecting strong growth in our 2019 constant currency outlook for sales, adjusted operating profit and adjusted earnings per share following record double-digit performance across each objective in 2018. I'd like to now turn it back to Lawrence for some additional remarks before we move to your questions.
Lawrence Kurzius: Thank you, Mike. Now that Mike has shared our financial results and outlook in more detail, I'd like to recap the key takeaways as seen on Slide 28. With the first quarter results, we have a strong start to the year. Were delivering against our plans for both sales and profit realization and are confident in the momentum of our business. We're reaffirming our strong 2019 outlook for sales, adjusted operating income and adjusted earnings per share growth. This outlook reflects strong operating performance driven by our solid foundation and continued momentum. Were confident 2019 will be another successful year. We're sustainably positioned for growth, and are continuing to deliver differentiated results, while also investing to build the McCormick of the future. Now, I'd like to turn it to your questions.
Operator: [Operator instructions] Our first question is coming from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Andrew Lazar: Good morning, everybody. Lawrence, you'd mentioned that flavor solution sales in EMEA benefited from new product activity from package food companies. And I'm curious if you've seen any of these trends develop yet in the U.S. as so many packaged food companies do seem more committed at least versus the past few years to getting back to top line growth and seem to be thus far reinvesting to get there?
Lawrence Kurzius: We have seen improvement in that part of our flavor solutions business in the U.S. really through the second half of last year even and continuing into this year. It's hard to tell whether its their trend is improving or whether it's us gaining share. One of our advantages is that we are very strong in the whole area of creating natural flavors, clean flavors systems. And the huge amount of the work that we do with our customers involves kind of making their ingredients statement more consumer friendly and more in line with the trend towards consumers not wanting to see anything unnatural or artificial sounding on the label. So a lot of our work is in that area and we think we're advantage there. So we have to think that part of the strength that were having there is gaining share. I'll say the European part is also partially driven by the acquisition of Giotti a couple of years ago, which gave us some greater capabilities in the area of developing, fresh and natural flavors in Europe, in particular.
Andrew Lazar: That's helpful. I appreciate that. Thank you for that. And then just one last one would be, typically in your fiscal first quarter there's always a little bit of retailer inventory reduction that's typical that you typically even budget for each year. I am curious if any of that sort of normal type of inventory reduction might have taken place such that maybe you expect your consumer Americas' organic sales to perhaps accelerate more in keeping with what you see in terms of consumption maybe going forward? Thanks so much.
Lawrence Kurzius: That's a great point Andrew. And if you look at the consumption data, you can see that we -- although I'm certainly not going to apologize for the organic sales growth in the Americas on the consumer side, which is really strong. If we did ship below consumption, our consumption rate as measured through the scanned channels was higher, and we know that from unscanned and unmeasured channels that they would have been additive about another percentage point of growth over what the scanner would suggest. So our underlying consumption is quite a bit stronger then. And shipments, we always see some inventory reduction in the first quarter. As we said, we plan for. Id say what happened in the first quarter was really in line with what would be normal activity, nothing like the extraordinary activity. We saw in the fourth quarter of last year which is well behind us.
Andrew Lazar: Great, thank you.
Lawrence Kurzius:  wasn't impacted in the first quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Driscoll with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
David Driscoll: So I had two flavor solutions questions, and just a little quick one on pricing. On flavor solutions, margins were flat in the quarter. But there was a 6% increase in constant concurrency sales growth, a terrific number, and it's volume-led. So I'm just curious about the effects of volume leverage through the facilities. And it was -- two of the bigger pieces of flavor solutions that seemed to have it. So can you just maybe bridge the gap and maybe why we need a few more margin expansion within the segment? And then just related to flavor solutions, is there anything to be learned about the very strong constant currency growth this quarter in terms of what it might mean for the next several quarters? Is there anything quirky in the year ago comparison? Or I'm just asking questions like that, so I can understand maybe the cadence of sales growth within flavor solutions?
Mike Smith: Hey, Dave, this is Mike. I'll answer the margin question. I mean, we were really happy with the performance we did in the first quarter, which is the smallest quarter of the year for us, with 6% constant currency sales growth and 7% operating profit growth as you said. So we're basically flat, slightly up on our margin. But we did -- we had some unfavorable product mix. If you look at -- we talk about this some of the QSR sales we had. We mentioned it specifically with regard to Asia where these limited times offers, which we generally make higher margin on, were a little bit down this quarter, little bit similar to last quarter, and the base business was up. That's where we're growing. So there is a little bit of a product mix within that segment for the first quarter, but for the full year we feel real good about these margin opportunities there. And from a growth perspective, we used the term lumpy for sales with flavor solutions because were relying on promotions from -- and new product launches from customers. But we're really happy after some of the -- if you remember the fourth quarter, we got a lot of questions about Americas sales growth, which I think, in that quarter was 2%, that rebounded nicely. So were going to have some variability throughout the year. We're still comfortable with our general 4% to 6% excuse me, 3% to 5% constant currency growth.
Lawrence Kurzius: Overall.
Mike Smith: Overall.
David Driscoll: One quick follow-up on pricing. I think what you said is that you indicated on the sales guidance that it also expected to include the impact of pricing would be taken to offset anticipated low-single-digit increases in the costs. However, first quarter pricing was flat. Is this mean that there is some more significant pricing coming later in the year? Can you give us any sense on scope or timing?
Mike Smith: Hey, David, this is Mike again. You really got to look at the segment and the regional level. And while you're right the total company isn't just flat. If you look at it by region, for example, consumer, Americas was up almost 1%, which was the same as it was last year, same with flavor solutions. The other segments and regions are similar. One area that was down with EMEA consumer, where we had significant trade promotions around the holiday season and weve launched a lot of new products in the first quarter, and we see that moderating the rest of the year.
Lawrence Kurzius: We got our complete re-launch of our core business over there behind the first choice initiative. And so there are some costs associated with that in terms of promotional dollars and listing fees that run through the difference between gross and that's reflected as pricing.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Alexia Howard with Alliance Bernstein. Please proceed with your question.
Alexia Howard: So great to see the improvement in the consumer Americas business this quarter. I'm curious about the slowdown on the Asia-Pacific side. So that the China is still doing very strongly over there, but we can see a slowdown in the constant currency sales growth, I think, from 10% process and this time around. Maybe a little bit of color on what's doing well in China? And can you quantify how quickly that segment or that country is growing? And then maybe what is going down elsewhere in there? Thank you.
Lawrence Kurzius: Well, first of all, I'm not going to apologize for the 4% sales growth in Asia-Pacific, which I still think is pretty good. But the China continues to be strong 
Alexia Howard: I think you just came back, but we lost you right at the beginning of the answer to that question.
Lawrence Kurzius: Well, sorry about that. I'm not sure what you heard. So I'll just start from the beginning. China's growth continues to be strong. We had some softness in couple of the other minor markets around the region that dampened the results for overall Asia-Pacific. I think 4%, it's a little bit lower than we've been reporting, but it's still pretty solid. We don't have any -- really don't have any concern over there that there's a meaning -- that there's any kind of meaningful change in the trend line for that region. If there is any part that might be a bit slow, its the food service portion of the China business where there's some, I think, there is a bit of a slowdown in the economic growth in China. I think that that is impacting food service more than anything. But I'm sure consumer part of that business is still rock solid.
Alexia Howard: And then as a follow-up, can I just ask about where the leverage is at the moment? You're obviously paying down the debt from the RB Foods acquisition pretty quickly, but wondering what the number is right there? And how actively are you looking out for other either bolt-ons or possibly, essentially broader M&A or larger scale M&A opportunities? Thank you. And I'll pass it on.
Mike Smith: Yes, Alexia, it's Mike. Were right now four at the end of the first quarter and we still plan as we said to be three times in 2020. So we're still very confident. And we had really strong cash flow in the first quarter, and we think that's going to happen for the rest of year. So we're still bullish on that. Now, I'll turn it to Lawrence, for the second part.
Lawrence Kurzius: Yes. So as we've started to get below four and into the 3s, we're pretty optimistic that we're going to be in the low 3s by the end of the year. It is time for us to start taking a look at opportunities again. So while I will continue to say that our priority is paying down debt, we are starting to look at some acquisition opportunities.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Jonathan Feeney with Consumer Edge. Please proceed with your question.
Jonathan Feeney: You've commented about some low single-digit input cost pressure. And I guess I'm wondering how those beyond what you said? Any detail you could give within the commodity, how that's trending? And how that input pressures specifically you see over the course of the year, because, obviously, there's some expectation for improved margin realization over the course of the year. I'd like to see how that plays in.
Lawrence Kurzius: Yes, I mean, obviously, we have a huge market basket of different commodities. Some of the major ones like pepper have come down, vanilla stayed very high. We've talked about that in the past couple years. But there's a lot of other items that have gone up. And that's kind of builds into the low single-digit costs inflation. We also have in their freight costs, which, as you know, last year, for most of the industry way up. You see those how stabilized to be up in order to be up, but thats included within that low single-digit guidance. When I say from a margin perspective throughout the year, early in the year, and weve talked about this before, the first half of the year we're getting hit from a currency perspective. In the first quarter was 3%. If you look at last year, we were getting a benefit of foreign currency in that same range, in the first half of the year. That drives some FX trends and that's the translational impact on our P&L. If you look at the transactional costs, that is an underlying headwind early in the year for us, which we see reversing in the second half. So that's a little bit of the color of why we think margins will improve throughout the year.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Robert Moscow with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Jake Nivasch: This is actually Jake Nivasch on for Rob. Just a couple quick questions for you guys. One, do you - due to the late Easter, is there going to be any impact for you guys this year?
Lawrence Kurzius: Yes, it is. It's going to be washed within the quarter because our second quarter is March, April, May. So as Easter moves around, I would expect there may be -- theres some impact on our month to month timing, but within the quarter, it's not -- its just not going to -- it's not going to matter. So whatever difference there is not going to be material.
Jake Nivasch: Got you, okay. And then, just one more, just quick one. For the margin expansion, is that going to be more 4Q loaded than 3Q? Or just kind of evenly split in the back half or maybe the growth as well?
Lawrence Kurzius: I mean, we're not going to get into quarterly guidance or anything. But I would just kind of keep it in half's at this point?
Jake Nivasch: Got you. I'll 
Mike Smith: We expect them to be strong in the second half. And again one of the drivers is that transactional impact on our costs, transactional FX impacts on our costs, which we expect to moderate in the second half.
Lawrence Kurzius: And we also did see, as you know, some of the challenges that we had in the fourth quarter in the consumer business of our high margin products. That will reverse hopefully in the fourth quarter and be positive too.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Adam Samuelson: Maybe going back into the flavor solutions side and just wanted to think about the organic growth side and the pieces there. It sounds that this quarter had some upside benefit especially in Asia from some of lower margin seasoning business. I mean anyway to characterize the growth by the different kinds of businesses that you have kind of where the legacy seasonings business versus the food service supply business versus the flavor side, just the growth between those different buckets?
Lawrence Kurzius: Well, I'm going to say that in this quarter, we did have strong growth in some of our really quick service restaurant customers and on their core business side and less on their promotional items. And so, that was the mix that Mike was talking about that had the impact on margin. So, it wasn't consumer -- it wasn't the consumer food manufacturers, it's really quick service restaurants. Those are mostly condiment product, not seasoning. We're huge supplier of condiments globally to the restaurant industry, well beyond what we do on the consumer side of the business. But our performance on flavor solutions overall was pretty broad based with both branded food service and quick service restaurants, showing strength and the packaged food manufacturers, not just food and beverage manufacturers showing strength, I'd say it was pretty broad. The margin story there was around a mix within U.S. quick service restaurants that drove -- was meaningful enough that it kept our margins flat during the quarter. Mike, do you want to add anything to that?
Mike Smith: It was broad based -- yes, when you get -- we had over 6% growth in flavor solutions in the U.S. and 9% almost in EMEA. So across all the categories, but there was a little bit of a mix issue as Lawrence said.
Adam Samuelson: Okay and just maybe more, not
Lawrence Kurzius: Almost not called it a mix issue by the way
Adam Samuelson: Taking a step back from this quarter specifically though, I mean, I would look at the mix businesses within the flavor solution side, the opportunity in flavors both from a margin opportunity as well as a growth given kind of where you are devolution of that business. I mean, do you have a target on the long-term kind of opportunity your growth side on the flavors piece specifically versus branded food service and condiment ingredients.
Lawrence Kurzius: Well, first of all, I completely agree with you that the opportunity is to increase the proportion of our business and to grow most quickly, the most value added parts of the portfolio and that is indeed our strategy and has been overtime has generated both an improvement in operating margin for this part of our business, particularly over the last few years with the strategies been in place and has enabled us to grow faster because the wins that we get tend to be stickier and longer lasting. So that is our strategy, but we have not put a specific target out there for our kind of the final call for margin, but I will just -- we have said and I'll say again that there's a very long runway for margin expansion. Our margins for this segment of the business are quite a bit lower than some of the pure play flavor companies. And within those segments, our margins are very comparable to their. So as that part of the business comes to be a bigger portion of our flavor solutions business, I would expect to see our margins -- we not only expect, we're driving to have our margins moving in that direction. So, I think there's still quite a long runway of margin growth ahead of us, not just for this year but for years to come.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Akshay Jagdale with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Akshay Jagdale: I wanted to ask about the impact of retail disruptions. Can you help quantify that the top-line margin, need to know what that was?
Lawrence Kurzius: Hey, Akshay, let's try and understand the question. When you talk about the impact of retailer disruption, I'm not
Akshay Jagdale: Yes. So, I'm talking about, I'm sorry. Yes, I'm talking about the issues that you have within specific retailer on the inventory system, et cetera. Like that you talked about the last quarter, and you said, it's behind you now, but it did have an impact on the quarter. That's what I'm asking about. Sorry, I wasn't more clear.
Lawrence Kurzius: Well, it is impact on our last quarter. I don't -- I will disagree that had an impact on this quarter. We did get our customers back in stock. And so, the out of stock situations that occurred last quarter were resolved. But retailers don't need the same. It's not a just we got it back. Retailers don't need the same level of inventory in the first quarter, which is the lowest seasonality period as they do in the fourth quarter, which is the highest. And the mix of products that they need on hand is different in the first quarter than the fourth quarter as well. The shelves are restocked, but Thanksgiving isn't going to come again until fourth quarter. And so, it's not -- so while the situation at retail has recovered, it really didn't have it. All that meant was that we didn't have an ongoing impact from the out-of-stock situation into the first quarter.
Akshay Jagdale: But anytime
Lawrence Kurzius: And you can see the underlying consumption was really strong.
Akshay Jagdale: Yes, and then just to follow up on gross margin. So, can you give us some sort of puts and takes, I know, you said more stronger in the back half and we talk about the FX impact being less in the back half. But to get 25 to 75, I think you saw this quarter was flat right with accounting new restatements. So can you give us some sense like, what are the other big pieces that are going to accelerate in the back half? And maybe how much of that is dependent on mix in the fourth quarter?
Michael Smith: This is my Mike, Akshay. I mean at high level, our pricing and cost expectations are in line for the year is what we've said. So, we're comfortable there. You've highlighted some of the unfavorable transactional FX, which is going to be a timing issue as is a little bit of a recovery of some of that fourth quarter challenge we had. You talked about some of the product mix. So, it was also in the first quarter little bit of segment mix because as a flavor solution segment grew at about 6% constant currency sales and consumer was 3%, the margins are slightly higher within consumer. So you can get some mix there. I will remind you though that ROIC return on invested capital for flavor solutions is comparable to consumer. So, it is really just on the P&L you see that impact. So, these are the kind of factors I think about as you model.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Rob Dickerson with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Rob Dickerson: So I just want to go back quickly to just a conversation around retail trends, consumption, which continue to accelerate very strong, obviously, relative what we saw in reported results, just really more, more specifically to the Americas consumer division. And what I want to ask is not just the healthy shift in the inventory and what happened in Q1 relativity to Q4, but really more specifically around pricing. It seems like the guidance for the year total company is more volume driven. The results, we saw the quarter in that region, were more volume driven. So, that's a very positive. But at the same time, we did see a little bit of a deceleration in the region in relativity to Q4 on a two-year stock basis because just to compare in the year ago, before relative to Q1 was massive. But what's been -- what's driving the deceleration is really pricing, right? So, theres less price year-over-year. So I am just trying to get a sense as to, like, why is that pricing kind of a little bit software than we've seen before? And then why is reporting results more volume driven versus price driven which is what we're seeing in the regional trends, if that makes sense?
Lawrence Kurzius: Well, those are the longest questions. So, let me take the first part. I think you're focusing on Americas consumer and our pricing, and I don't know that the number you're looking at reflects what we've actually reported because the first quarter of 2019, weve recorded about 1% pricing positive in the first quarter of '18 was the same number. So, we're not seeing an increase in pricing activities year-over-year for the Americas or difference at the same number.
Rob Dickerson: Yes, I was just trying to compare. So in Q4 '17, you were at 3%; in Q4 18, you're at 3.6%; Q1 18, youre at 1%, youre right; in Q1 19, youre at 0.9%. So it's 1.9, relative to 3.6. So, the way I look at it is I have to compare, I have to think about the year ago and that's the deceleration.
Mike Smith: Are going back to '17? So we had vanilla, there were some commodities I mentioned before that was really spiking up at that point. So, as I mentioned, we will take pricing when we need to cover commodity cost increases. The last few years, we've had low single digits, commodity cost inflation.
Rob Dickerson: So, there's nothing that's in there you're paying more to the retailers, et cetera. Because I mean, if I'm seeing 4 plus percent pricing in the scanner data, I'm seeing less than one reported results.
Mike Smith: Youre troubled by this, weve bit reflects ourselves by what is what we're seeing in the scanner, which is a for continuation of the disconnect, that we've been experienced with the scanner, data services and some regards know, clearly we're reporting strong volume and mix for the only 1% pricing was some of the scanner services are in our reporting huge price increases and actually declining volume and mix. You know, we can't reconcile it to Nielsen but I've seen the data I can simply say we did not take 5% price increase, which is
Rob Dickerson: Okay. Fair enough. So, I'll look at the data. So, I have to ask
Lawrence Kurzius: No, no, we'll look at it too. But we do have really strong underlying volume growth and I think that's what the key is you know. I mean, we've had strong consumption as we've talked about across all of our financial. Fourth quarter was very strong and strength has continued in Q1. We focused on the dollar volume growth, but if you look at units and herbs and spices, we're up 4% as well, and that's really solid growth.
Rob Dickerson: Fair enough, I agree. Quick question too, for Mike. Just in terms of the other income line this year, I don't think I may have missed it before today, if there's guidance just given the recast is kind of what we saw last year plus or minus about what you think you come in this year or just any incremental color would obviously be helpful, that's it?
Lawrence Kurzius: I'd say all those other items below the line like interest expense and other income would, to your point kind of mashed together and be approximately the same at this point.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question this morning is from the line of Ken Goldman with JP Morgan. Please proceed with your question.
Ken Goldman: One question for me, I don't know, I'll let it go. Some of your biggest customers, they're openly talking about their desire to drive revenue and alternative sources, right. They'll mention in store advertising, data analytics things like that. I think the idea is from these retailers they can convince vendors like McCormick, like other CPG companies to spend more of their marketing budgets directly with their customers rather than on more traditional areas. I know obviously every CPG company is shifting away from traditional, but I'm just curious specifically. What McCormick's appetite is to sort of meaningfully ramp up its marketing budget, directly spending with its customers to buy things like analytics or in store advertising from them or whether it's more a sort of share gain, where you might say, well give a little bit here and take away little bit there? I'm just trying to get a sense of how important that is to you because some of your customers are talking as though vendors will start spending a lot more with them over the next couple of years?
Lawrence Kurzius: So, let me comment on that, I may ask Mike to joint in as well and we're hearing some funny noises, so are we still connected?
Ken Goldman: I can still hear you.
Lawrence Kurzius: Okay, so in terms of our overall spending first of all, we're comfortable with the overall level of A&P spend that we have as a business system we've guided to, our spend being comparable into last year, we're very comfortable with the overall level of support that we have behind the brands. We've been one of those companies that never really disinvested in marketing. We're increased our A&P expenses year-over-year pretty consistently and last year was the tremendous growth that we experienced at the top and bottom line through we took it as an opportunity to make a significant ramp-up of our expense of over 25% last year. So, we don't view the level of spending as an issue for us, as a core issue for us at all. The mix of that spending is driven more and more towards digital spending and the same is less visible but true on a trade promotional expenses as well. And so, this is an area where we have done what I will call more advertising like promotion activity with our customers really repurposing in your funds that might have previously been spent on price promotion that such much more efficient vehicles, efficient and effective vehicle that they offer. Particular those customers to develop strong omni-channel and digital marketing programs have their own, these programs. We've seen a tremendous, can have a tremendous ROI, particularly compared to traditional trade promotion, which I think everybody knows, it is ROI negative. So we have made some of those changes, and some of the retailers do have programs that we believe are legitimate advertising vehicles that I'm going to want to names, but if you think about your pure play e-commerce providers, I think a pretty good case that consumers make some of their brand choices looking at their sites. So, we do have some of that going on generally is a shift from traditional free promotion to digital social programs that are offered by the customers and all that's in the context of our, us being comfortable with our overall spending models. Mike, do you want to.
Mike Smith: No, I think. I mean, I can tell you from personal experience. We've been doing this for a long time, five years ago, in the EMEA, we're using trade funds to work with a brick-and-mortar customers to be more efficient on our trade spend. So, I think you're Ken, it's continuing to move in that direction.
Operator: At this time, I will turn the floor to Lawrence Kurzius for closing remarks.
Lawrence Kurzius: So, I just want to say, this was a solid no drama quarter for us. We had good sales growth at over 4% and attracted bit behind consumption and align with our expectations. Our operating margin expansion is right in line with our algorithm. Our EPS growth of 12% included a tax benefit that we expected and signaled. And the underlying EPS was strong too. It's a solid start to 2019 and we're confident in our outlook. I'd like to thank you all for your questions and for participating in today's call. McCormick is like a global leader in flavor and we're differentiated with a broad and advantage portfolio, which continues to drive growth. We have a growing and profitable business and operate in an environment that is changing in an never faster pace, responding readily to changes in our industry with new ideas, innovation of purpose with our relentless focus on growth, performance and people. We continue to perform strong globally and build shareholder value. I am pleased with the strong results to start the year and I have confidence in delivering our 2019 outlook, while continuing to make investments and fuel our growth to build both the McCormick of the future and shareholder value.
Operator: Thank you, Lawrence, and thanks to all for joining today's all. If you have further questions regarding today's information, you can reach us at 410-771-7140. This concludes this morning's conference call. Have a good day.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-01-24 08:00:00) =====
Kasey Jenkins: Good morning. This is Kasey Jenkins, Vice President of McCormick Investor Relations. Thank you for joining today's fourth quarter earnings call. To accompany this call, we posted a set of slides at ir.mccormick.com. [Operator Instructions]. We'll begin with remarks from Lawrence Kurzius, Chairman, President and CEO; and Mike Smith, Executive Vice President and CFO. During our remarks, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. These include information in constant currency as well as adjusted gross profit, adjusted gross profit margin, adjusted operating income, adjusted income tax rate and adjusted earnings per share that exclude the impact of transaction and integration expenses related to the acquisition of our Frank's and French's brands, special charges and, for 2018, the net nonrecurring income tax benefit associated with the December 2017 U.S. tax reform legislation, which we refer to as the U.S. tax act. Reconciliations to the GAAP results are included in this morning's press release and slides. In our comments, certain percentages are rounded. Please refer to our presentation which includes the complete information. As a reminder, today's presentation contains projections and other forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from those projected. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statement, whether because of new information, future events or other factors. As seen on Slide 2, our forward-looking statement also provides information on risk factors that could affect our financial results. It is now my pleasure to turn the discussion over to Lawrence.
Lawrence Kurzius: Thank you, Kasey. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. Starting on Slide 4. Our fourth quarter results completed another year of record financial performance, both from our underlying business and the incremental impact of our acquired Frank's and French's brands. We continue to drive growth, and in 2018, we delivered double-digit sales, operating profit and earnings per share growth. We expanded operating margin while also making significant investments to drive continued growth. We delivered substantial cost savings and our seventh consecutive year of record cash flow. We achieved our year 1 expectations from the acquisition of our Frank's and French's brands. Our sales growth and focus on profit realization drove strong financial results across both our consumer and flavor solutions segment and reflects the successful execution of our strategies and the engagement of our employees around the world. We have a broad and advantaged global flavor portfolio, as seen on Slide 5, which we are continuing to grow. No matter where or what you choose to eat or drink, you're probably enjoying something flavored by McCormick every day. This morning, you'll hear about our 2018 accomplishments, which were driven by successes across the portfolio. Our investments in new products, brand marketing, capabilities and infrastructure continue to drive growth across our categories. In our consumer segment, we had strong U.S. consumption growth, and our Asia Pacific region had another year of outstanding growth. In our flavor solutions segment, we continued to win with customers, driving base business and new product growth. We also continued our progress on expanding our portfolio with flavor growth while pruning some low-margin ingredient business. We have a full year of our Frank's and French's brands impacting our business not only in retail condiments and sauces and branded foodservice but now in other categories as well with our Frank's expansion beyond liquids. Growth in these brands accelerated over the course of the year, and we're excited about their trajectory. Overall, we are confident that the breadth and reach of our portfolio continues to position us to fully meet the demand for flavor around the world and grow our business. Heading into 2019, I'm confident our momentum will continue. This morning, I will begin with our fourth quarter results, reflect on our 2018 achievements and then share with you some of our 2019 business plan. After that, I will turn it over to Mike, who will go through more depth on the quarter-end results and the details of our 2019 guidance. Let's start with our fourth quarter results on Slide 6. Starting with our top line. Versus the year-ago period, we grew sales 1% for the total company, including a 1% unfavorable impact from currency. In constant currency, we grew sales 2%, with all regions in both segments contributing to the increase. Despite significant trade inventory reductions in the U.S., sales growth was driven by brand marketing support, expanded distribution, new products and pricing. In our consumer segment, we grew our constant-currency sales 2% in the fourth quarter. In the Americas, we grew 1%, driven by pricing. We believe we substantially under-shipped consumer consumption due to trade inventory reductions. We estimate this resulted in the negative 3% impact to the Americas growth rate for the quarter. A portion of this reduction was due to a change in a large retailer's replenishment system, which caused supply chain disruption in November. We continue to work collaboratively with this retailer to restock their stores. Overall, with this customer as well as some other retailers, the trade inventory reductions resulted in significant out-of-stock situations on high-margin quality items, therefore negatively impacting our fourth quarter adjusted operating income. Despite these out-of-stocks, our IRI data shows U.S. prices in seasoning scanner sales through multi outlets grew approximately 3% for both the category and McCormick branded, supported by strong holiday advertising and merchandising execution and reflects improving share trends. Additionally, we had strong growth in unmeasured channels, including club, e-commerce and Hispanic retail chains. We also had strong consumption growth in other parts of our U.S. branded portfolio, and combined with spices and seasonings, we achieved our best fourth quarter consumption performance of the last 5 years. Our fourth quarter IRI data shows total U.S. branded measured consumption, excluding Frank's and French's, grew 4%. And we estimate, including unmeasured channels, total consumption grew 5%. We're seeing accelerated consumption trends driven by strong marketing and merchandising as well as new distribution. McCormick branded dry recipe mixes, Stubb's and Kitchen Basics stocks and broths all had high single-digit consumption growth, with dry recipe mixes and Stubb's outpacing their respective categories and Kitchen Basic growing in line with its category. We're also seeing accelerating trends for Frank's RedHot sauce and French's since we acquired these brands. During the fourth quarter, our IRI data shows Frank's consumption grew 9%, outpacing its category. We continued our sequential improvement on French's mustard. Mustard volume consumption grew in the quarter, and total dollar consumption growth was aligned with the category. This was the best performance for both Frank's and French's mustard since the acquisition. In Europe, Middle East and Africa, the EMEA region, constant-currency consumer sales growth was driven by new products, an increase in brand marketing support and continued momentum in France. And in the Asia Pacific region, our consumer segment momentum continued with double-digit constant-currency growth and increases across all categories and channels. Fourth quarter constant-currency sales growth was the best sales performance in both regions for the year. Turning now to the flavor solutions segment. We grew sales 3% in constant currency in the fourth quarter, with all 3 regions benefiting from higher volume. In the Americas, we grew in on-trend areas, such as snack seasonings and savory flavors. We're continuing to work with our customers, particularly those experiencing several historic challenges to provide flavor solutions that deliver clean label and better-for-you attributes. Across all regions, we grew with quick service restaurants, driven by both new customers and new products as well as existing business. And as we continue to refine and optimize our portfolio, the fourth quarter as well as the full year was impacted by the exit of lower-margin business. Our fourth quarter adjusted operating income and adjusted earnings per share results had a significant negative impact from the trade inventory reductions I've mentioned a moment ago. At the bottom line, our fourth quarter adjusted earnings per share of $1.67 compared to $1.54 in the fourth quarter of 2017. This increase of 8% was driven primarily by favorable adjusted income tax rate and included an unfavorable impact from currency. Moving from our fourth quarter results. I'm pleased to share our performance for the full fiscal year, starting with our strong financial results, as seen on Slide 7. We drove 11% constant-currency sales growth, with the incremental sales from our acquired Frank's and French's brands contributing 8% of this growth. Our underlying base growth increased 3%, driven by new products, brand marketing investments, expanded distributions and pricing actions to offset material cost increases. Our consumer segment grew sales 10% in constant currency, led by the Frank's and French's acquisition impact and underlying base growth driven by the U.S. and China. Constant-currency sales growth in our flavor solutions segment was 11%, also led by incremental sales from Frank's and French's. All 3 regions delivered flavor solution base growth, including our exit of some lower-margin business. We grew constant-currency adjusted operating income 19%, driven by higher sales and 180 basis points adjusted gross margin expansion from CCI-led savings and our portfolio shift. This increase, combined with a lower adjusted effective tax rate and partially offset by higher interest expense and shares outstanding, drove a 17% increase in adjusted earnings per share to $4.97 for fiscal 2018. This increase includes the impact of favorable currency exchange rates versus last year. With higher sales, CCI and our portfolio shift, we increased our adjusted operating margin to 17.4%, which was a 110 basis point expansion from last year. We expanded adjusted operating margin in both of our segments, hitting record highs in each, while also making investments to drive continued growth. We reached a record $118 million of annual cost savings, led by our CCI program, our fuel for growth, and are well on our way toward exceeding our full year $400 million goal, having realized $344 million over the past three years. 2018 was the seventh consecutive year of record cash flow from operations, ending the year at $821 million. We're making great progress with our working capital improvement and expect the programs we have put in place will continue the momentum into 2019. At year-end, our Board of Directors announced a 10% increase in the quarterly dividend, marking our 33rd consecutive year of dividend increases. We have paid dividends every year since 1925 and are proud to be a dividend aristocrat. Now I'd like to comment on some of our 2018 achievements beyond our financial performance. We've successfully completed the integration of our Frank's and French's acquisition and celebrated the acquisition's 1-year anniversary. We created value, achieved synergies and are obtaining results according to our acquisition plan. Importantly, we have achieved year 1 sales and earnings per share accretion expectations. By strengthening distribution, category management, effective brand marketing investments and innovation, we are successfully growing Frank's and French's. As Mike will mention in more detail, we've also made great progress in paying down our acquisition debt and finished the year ahead of our debt-to-EBITDA target. A key driver of sales growth was our brand marketing, which was up 18% over 2017. Our leadership in digital was rewarded again in 2018 with recognition as the Top 3 brand by Gartner L2 research on their Digital IQ Index. This marked our fifth consecutive year in the top 5 ranking of over 100 food and beverage brands on the effectiveness of our website, digital, social media and e-commerce. Our investments in constant development, resources to support acceleration as well as programs and items tailored to the e-commerce channel are paying off. We grew local e-commerce sales 41%, driven by strong omnichannel performance. In the second half of 2018, we began increasing the level of our technology investments as we modernize our information technology systems around the world to a single global platform, including starting the replacement process of our existing ERP system. This will allow us to align our global operating model with end-to-end processes, simplify our work, better manage risks and, importantly, enable growth. In 2018, we continued to invest further on our global footprint by increasing our capacity to support our growth in the Asia Pacific zone. We opened a new regional manufacturing facility in Thailand to expand both production capacity and capability to support both segments' growth plans in Southeast Asia. We continued progressing on our global programs to upgrade to modern work environments. In the second half of 2018, we opened a new Lean-certified global headquarters in Hunt Valley, Maryland, which enabled us to bring nearly 1,000 employees from 4 different Maryland-based office buildings into one location. The new headquarters incorporates open space that's technology-enabled and accommodates the way employees want to work today and into the future. It fosters greater collaboration and engagement and helps us attract and retain the best talent. And finally, we're making measurable progress toward our 2025 sustainability goals. And in addition, we committed that by 2025, 100% of our plastic packaging will be reusable, recyclable or able to be repurposed. We're being recognized for our efforts in sustainability. Just two days ago, at the 2019 Davos World Economic Forum, McCormick was named by Corporate Knights in their 2019 Global 100 Most Sustainable Corporations index, ranking us #1 in food products industry for the third consecutive year and #13 overall. And we were included on Barron's inaugural 100 Most Sustainable Companies list in 2018. Additionally, we are a DiversityInc Top 50 company for the second consecutive year, which is a testament to our emphasis on embracing and leveraging diversity and inclusion globally. Mike will go over our 2019 guidance in a few moments, but I'd like to mention a few highlights related to our sales growth plan and provide some summary comments on Slide 10. As the foundation of our sales growth rate is the rising global consumer demand for great taste and healthy eating, consumers have an increased interest in creating flavor experiences with bold, rich authentic flavors while also demanding convenience. Additionally, consumers are focused on fresh, natural and recognizable ingredients with greater transparency around the sourcing and quality of food. Flavor continues to be an advantaged global category, and our products inspire flavor exploration and are the essential complement to fresh real food. We deliver flavor across all markets and through all channels and are aligned with the consumers' demand for flavor, convenience, health and sustainably minded business practices. Our alignment with these long-term trends, our breadth and reach, combined with our execution against effective strategies, positions us well to meet increased consumer demand both through our products and through our customers' products and drive sales growth. In 2019, we'll continue to differentiate our brand, build capabilities and make investments for growth that will continue to move McCormick forward. Across both segments, we have confidence in our ability to drive sales through strong brand marketing programs, continued focus on customer intimacy, our opportunities to expand distribution and, of course, new products. New products are integral to our sales growth. In 2018, 8% of our sales were from product launches in the last 3 years. In 2019, we expect new product sales growth to be even higher because, in 2018, we were focused on integrating and growing Frank's and French's. In our consumer segment, new product innovation is an important way to differentiate our brand and stay relevant with the consumers. We have a robust global pipeline of new product launches in 2019 that renovate brand, inspire flavor exploration and experimentation and meet the demand for convenience, health and transparency. And in our flavor solutions segment, we will continue to capitalize on our culinary foundation and customer collaboration, both of which differentiates us with customers. This unique combination allows us to continue our new product momentum as our customers continue to move their portfolios to on-trend flavors and more natural and better-for-you products while ensuring that taste is not compromised. We're looking forward to sharing more details regarding our 2019 growth plans and market dynamics in just a few weeks at CAGNY. To summarize, on Slide 11, before turning it over to Mike, we achieved top-tier financial results in 2018, delivered by both strong underlying business performance and the incremental impact of our acquisition of the Frank's and French's brands that are driving strong momentum in sales growth. In the consumer segment, we finished the year with strong total U.S. consumption, and fourth quarter growth in our EMEA and APZ regions were the highest of the year. In our flavor solutions segment, we continue to grow through winning with customers on new products and existing business. We are balancing our resources and efforts to grow sales with our work to lower cost, build fuel for growth and higher margins. We have a solid foundation. And in an environment that continues to be dynamic and fast paced, we are ensuring we remain agile, relevant and focused on long-term sustainable growth. Our experienced leaders and employees are executing against our strategies, which are designed to build long-term value for our shareholders, and with our 2018 results, they have again proven to be effective. We are confident this effectiveness will continue in 2019. I want to recognize McCormick employees around the globe and thank them for their efforts and engagement, which drive our momentum and make us succeed. Looking forward, with this engagement and our effective strategies and momentum, we are well positioned to achieve continued growth in 2019. Thank you for your attention. And it is now my pleasure to turn it over to Mike for additional remarks on our 2018 financial results and the details on our 2019 guidance. Mike?
Michael Smith: Thanks, Lawrence, and good morning, everyone. I will now comment on our fourth quarter performance and full year results as well as providing more detail on our 2019 outlook. Starting on Slide 13. During the fourth quarter, we grew sales 2% in constant currency. Both our consumer and flavor solutions segments delivered top line constant-currency growth in each of our 3 regions. The consumer segment grew sales 2% in constant currency. This growth was driven by all 3 regions, with strong growth in Asia Pacific and EMEA. On Slide 14, consumer segment sales in the Americas rose 1% in constant currency versus the fourth quarter of 2017. This increase was driven by pricing actions. Volume growth was flat due to trade inventory reductions, as mentioned by Lawrence. In EMEA, constant-currency consumer sales were up 3% from a year ago, primarily driven -- due to broad-based volume and product mix growth, driven by brand marketing support as well as new products in the U.K. and continued momentum in the organic product line in France. Partially offsetting this growth was the pricing impact of trade promotional activities related to new products. We grew consumer sales in the Asia Pacific region 10% in constant currency, led by China growth, with strength in new World Flavor sauces, ketchup, chicken bouillon as well as herbs and spices. Turning to our flavor solutions segment and Slide 17. We grew fourth quarter constant-currency sales 3%, which was attributable to broad-based growth across all regions. In the Americas, flavor solutions constant-currency sales increased 2%, driven by increased sales to quick service restaurants and continued flavors momentum. This was partially offset by the elimination of some low-margin business as well as the global realignment of a major customer sales from the Americas to EMEA. In EMEA, we grew flavor solutions sales 5% in constant currency. This increase was primarily driven by pricing as well as the previously mentioned global realignment of a major customer's sales from the Americas to EMEA. In the Asia Pacific region, flavor solutions sales grew 3% in constant currency as higher sales to quick service restaurants were partially driven by the timing of our promotional activity. Across both segments, adjusted operating income, which excludes the transaction and integration costs related to the acquisition of our Frank's and French's brands and special charges, declined versus the fourth quarter of last year by 3%, which included a 1% unfavorable impact of currency. In the consumer segment, adjusted operating income declined 3% to $228 million, which in constant currency was a 2% decline. The flavor solutions segment was also down 3% to $70 million, and in constant currency, that was a 1% decrease. The decline in both segments was partially due to unfavorable product mix, higher freight costs and investments to drive future growth. In the consumer segment, the unfavorable mix was primarily driven, as Lawrence mentioned earlier, by lower sales of high-margin holiday items due to trade inventory reductions. Our investments to drive future growth included an increase in brand marketing of 7% or $7 million versus the fourth quarter of last year, and we began the process to modernize our information technology systems, including the replacement of our ERP system. Additionally, the flavor solutions segment had an unfavorable transactional impact of foreign currency exchange rates. For the fiscal year, the increase in adjusted operating income in constant currency was 19%, and we expanded adjusted operating income margin 110 basis points, with both segments contributing to the growth. The consumer segment grew constant-currency adjusted operating income 13% while increasing our brand marketing and investments by 18%. The flavor solutions segment grew constant-currency adjusted operating income 34% versus 2017. Our flavor solutions strategy to migrate our portfolio to more value-added categories is evident in these results. The shift in our portfolio, combined with CCI, has increased flavor solutions adjusted operating margin to 14.2%, an expansion of 230 basis points in 2018. As seen on Slide 22, in this fourth quarter, adjusted gross profit margin, which excludes transaction and integration expenses, declined 30 basis points versus the year-ago period, driven by unfavorable product mix, partially offset by CCI-led cost savings. We ended the full year with a 180 basis point increase, driven by the accretion impact from the addition of the Frank's and French's portfolio as well as CCI-led cost savings and favorable product mix across the core business. Our selling, general and administrative expense as a percentage of net sales increased by 40 basis points from the fourth quarter of 2017. Leverage from sales growth and CCI-led cost savings was more than offset by increases in both brand marketing and freight expense as well as spending related to our information systems modernization. Below the operating income line, other income increased $7 million. The increase in other income was driven due to a gain on the sale of a building we vacated as part of the office consolidation into our new global headquarters, which Lawrence mentioned earlier. The expenses we incurred related to the office consolidation reduced operating income for the year by approximately $4 million. Turning to income taxes on Slide 23. Our fourth quarter adjusted effective tax rate was 19%, which reflects the favorable impact from a lower U.S. corporate tax rate as compared to 26.2% in the year ago period. Our fourth quarter adjusted rate was lower than anticipated due to the favorable impact of discrete items, principally a higher level of stock option exercises. For the full year, our adjusted tax rate was 19.6% compared to 26.1% in fiscal 2017. Income from unconsolidated operations for both the fourth quarter of 2018 and the full year was comparable to the respective year-ago periods. For 2019, we expect a low single-digit increase in our income from unconsolidated operations. At the bottom line, as shown on line -- on Slide 25, fourth quarter 2018 adjusted earnings per share was $1.67, up 8% from $1.54 for the year-ago period, mainly due to a favorable adjusted income tax rate. This increase included an unfavorable impact from currency. On Slide 26, we summarized highlights for cash flow and the year-end balance sheet. Our cash flow provided from operations ended the year at a record high of $821 million compared to $815 million in 2017. For the fiscal year, our cash conversion cycle was significantly better than the year-ago period, down 21 days, as we executed against programs to achieve working capital reductions, such as extending payment programs with our suppliers and inventory management programs. We returned a portion of this cash flow to our shareholders through dividends. Additionally, we reduced our acquisition debt in the fourth quarter by $209 million, which brings our total acquisition debt reduction in the fiscal year to $545 million. And we have now paid down over 50% of the term notes related to the acquisition. We finished the year with a debt-to-adjusted-EBITDA ratio of 4x, which was ahead of our target. This strong progress positions us well to achieve our 3x target by the end of 2020. Our capital expenditures were $169 million in 2018 and included the completion of our regional manufacturing facility in Thailand and spending related to our new global headquarters. In 2019, we expect our capital expenditures to be higher than 2018 to support our investments to drive growth, particularly the transition of our ERP platform. We expect 2019 to be another year of strong cash flow, driven by profit and working capital initiatives, and our priority is to continue to have a balanced use of cash, making investments to drive growth, returning a significant portion to our shareholders through dividends and to pay down debt. Let's now move to our current financial outlook for 2019 on Slide 27. We are well positioned for another year of solid performance with our broad and advantaged flavor portfolio, effective growth strategies and focus on profit realization. As Lawrence mentioned, we continue to expect solid constant-currency growth for fiscal year 2019. We estimate, based on prevailing rates, a 2 percentage point unfavorable impact from currency rates on net sales, adjusted operating income and adjusted earnings per share. We expect the impact of unfavorable currency will be greater in the first half of the year than in the second half. At the top line, we expect to grow sales 1% to 3%, which in constant currency is a 3% to 5% projected growth rate. This increase will be entirely organic growth, with no incremental impact from acquisitions. The growth will be driven primarily by higher volume and product mix as well as the impact of pricing to offset an anticipated low single-digit cost increase. Our 2019 adjusted gross profit margin is projected to be 25 to 75 basis points higher than 2018, in part driven by our CCI-led cost savings. We expect to increase adjusted operating income 7% to 9% from $942 million in 2018, which in constant currency is a 9% to 11% projected growth rate and reflects our continued focus on profit realization. Our cost-savings target is approximately $110 million, and we expect brand marketing to be comparable to 2018. Our 2019 adjusted effective income tax rate is projected to approximate 22% based upon our estimated mix of earnings by country, in addition to our state tax rates. This projection is lower than our underlying effective tax rate of 24% due to the favorable impact of a discrete tax item which occurred during the first quarter of 2019 related to our entity structure. Our full year 22% outlook versus our 2018 adjusted effective tax rate of 19.6% is approximately a 300 basis point headwind to our 2019 adjusted earnings per share growth. Our guidance range for adjusted earnings per share in 2019 is $5.17 to $5.27. This compares to $4.97 of adjusted earnings per share in 2018 and represents a 4% to 6% increase or 6% to 8% in constant currency. This increase includes the expected significant tax headwind I just mentioned. In summary, we are projecting solid growth in our 2019 constant-currency outlook for sales, adjusted operating profit and adjusted earnings per share, following record double-digit performance across each objective in 2018. I'd like to let you know that we will be adopting 2 new accounting standards in the first quarter of 2019 on a retrospective basis. With the adoption of these 2 standards, we expect no impact to net income and only a geography shift between income statement line items. We also do not anticipate these adoptions would materially impact growth rates or other expectations we provided in our 2019 financial outlook. This morning, we have provided summary points regarding this topic in the appendix of our presentation, and further discussion of these changes will be included in the 10-K we file this evening. On a final note related to our guidance, turning to Slide 28, I want to discuss our performance versus our constant-currency long-term financial objectives. We evaluate our performance against our long-term objectives every several years, partially because of the variability which can occur year-to-year related to acquisition activity. As a reminder, we have an objective to grow sales 4% to 6%, with base business, new products and acquisitions each contributing 1/3. So excluding 1/3 from acquisitions, our growth expectations will be to grow sales approximately 3% to 4%. Additionally, our objective is to grow adjusted operating income 7% to 9%. Then, by using leverage gained through our capital deployment activities, including our share repurchase program, our objective is to grow adjusted earnings per share 9% to 11%. As we have previously stated, after making our Frank's and French's acquisition, we have curtailed acquisition activity and our share buyback program as we delever and therefore use our cash flow to pay down debt. As mentioned earlier, we are making significant progress to leveraging. And in line with our original plan, our acquisition activity and buyback program will remain curtailed in 2019. From a sales perspective, our 2019 guidance of 3% to 5% is in line with our long-term growth objectives without incremental acquisition growth. Our adjusted operating income guidance is 9% to 11%, which is actually above our long-term growth objectives. Despite these strong operating expectations, the adjusted effective income tax rate increase I mentioned before is a significant headwind to our 2019 adjusted earnings per share growth. Looking at our performance over a 4-year period, using the 2019 guidance I've just reviewed, our compounded annual growth rates from 2015, from before the Frank's and French's acquisition, to 2019, the first full year these brands are in our base, are projected to exceed our long-term goals for each objective, even including the negative effect of currency experienced during this period. As Lawrence mentioned, our foundation is strong, our strategy is effective, and we are generating results in line with our objectives. I'd like to now turn it back to Lawrence for some additional remarks before we move to your questions.
Lawrence Kurzius: Thank you, Mike. Now that Mike has shared our financial results and outlook in more detail, I would like to recap the key takeaways, as seen on Slide 29. We delivered another year of record results in 2018. Despite trade inventory reductions, we achieved strong organic sales growth for the year. We significantly grew adjusted operating income while also increasing brand marketing and achieved Frank's and French's results in line with our plans. We ended 2018 with the strongest consumption trend in years in our consumer business and solid growth in every region for flavor solutions. Our 2019 constant-currency outlook reflects strong operating performance, driven by our solid foundation and continued momentum. Our earnings per share growth was robust despite a significant tax headwind, and we're confident that 2019 will be another successful year and we will create additional value. And importantly, we're continuing to deliver differentiated results while significantly investing for growth to build the McCormick of the future. And we'll share more about these investments at CAGNY in a few weeks. Now let's turn to your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays.
Andrew Lazar: I guess, my -- first, I'm looking at -- was the replenishment issue that you talked about at a key customer -- or customers, were those really just in McCormick's category or categories? Or is this something you think we'll hear more about from peers as we go forward? And then a 3% headwind to Americas consumer that you mentioned is obviously less of a headwind to the overall business. It still seems like maybe organic sales growth, even excluding that, might have come in a little short of where like consensus was for organic sales growth in the quarter. So I wonder if there were any additional areas that came in differently around the top line than maybe you anticipated that are worth mentioning.
Lawrence Kurzius: Thanks, Andrew. I'm going to start with the first part of that question, the replenishment issue. There's been a general trend for all of our customers to be working their inventories lower, as you know, and others have reported on it. The particular issues that impacted us in the fourth quarter were -- really had 2 parts to it. The first part was the move by a key customer as well -- actually, a handful of key customers to reduce their inventory levels. Overall, it is odd timing for them to do this for our category, but it may have made sense for them across their broader store. And for us, of course, the fourth quarter is the real peak. And I would expect you to hear from others saying similar things regarding that portion of the trade reduction, and I believe, actually, some of our peers have already commented on this in calls, those who have come ahead of us. There was a part, though, that was unique to us, and that is there was a large customer, who's name I'm not going to use, that had change in their internal store replenishment system. This was actually switched on in error by them. And so that had a big impact in that their warehouses and their stores did not recognize each other's order numbers, and as a result, stores were not replenished. That's going to be a change that is unique to us. This customer is making that transition broadly, but just for our category, it was scheduled for much later next year. We would have run all the beta tests and so on, on it and would have had a different experience if it had been done in a planful way. And again, it was an error, internal hit, at the customer, and we are still working through this in a sense that for every order, we have to do, literally, a workaround to get the stores restocked. So that part is unique to us. We've highlighted this as a 3% headwind overall to our business in the -- to our Americas business in the quarter. We're not rounding up to get to that number. We have a pretty good handle on our ability to quantify it. We -- it was holiday items, it was specific customers, and we really know what it was. Mike, do you want to go further on that?
Michael Smith: I think you got it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with Crdit Suisse.
Robert Moskow: I guess I have two questions. The 9% to 11% constant-currency EBIT growth target for 2019 now sounds rather aggressive given that -- what's demonstrated here in fourth quarter, is that you ended up vulnerable to a lot of the trends that are happening across the food space. You had inventory reductions. You mentioned some freight costs. And I just want to know, how do you get from the sales guide to the EBIT guide? I know you have your normal cost-savings programs. But you also mentioned mix was a headwind in fourth quarter. Why wouldn't it be a headwind in 2019? And then I have a follow-up.
Michael Smith: Rob, this is Mike. I'll start this one. Let's talk about fourth quarter first because you talked about -- we talked about product mix in the fourth quarter. A significant portion of that is really related to the trade inventory issues. These are our highest margin holiday items, so that was a significant hit to our fourth quarter operating profit. We also did take the opportunity in the fourth quarter -- we -- just like we did in the third quarter, we had some benefits from stock options, which is below the operating profit line. So some of those savings, we invested those in brand marketing, up 7%. We took the opportunity to start investing in our IT refreshment program. So if you look at 2019, though, you're going from the 3% to 5% down to 9% to 11%. We've talked about keeping brand marketing flat. We took the opportunity, as I said, in the fourth quarter to really invest and drive back consumption in the fourth quarter, got it to a level we feel comfortable expanding in 2019. While we're going to get more effective and we're going to have more working media in 2019, that's going to give us about 100 basis points right there, keeping that flat. We're also -- we're getting more synergies from the Frank's and French's, the second year of that. So we're going to ramp from last year additional Frank's and French's synergies. Our CCI focus really is -- we look at both cost of goods sold and SG&A. We're really leaning in there also. And some of the things that happened in the fourth quarter, we talked about the move into the new building, we're not going to have those costs next year. So it's a variety of things that aren't going to happen in 2019 that we feel very strongly about giving this guidance.
Robert Moskow: Okay. And then my follow-up is -- I did an inventory report on the broader group back in October, and McCormick popped up as the company that had been shipping at a growth rate that was well above the Nielsen-measured consumption for quite a while. You had called out that there are other channels that are not measured by Nielsen, so that was a big portion of the disconnect. And you also pointed out that you always do a conservative job of assuming inventory reductions during the course of the year. So I guess, given what happened here in fourth, like how much comfort do you have that you have good visibility of how much inventory is really at the trade and that you head into 2019 and that this will truly prove episodic? Or have you assumed another inventory burn again in 2019?
Lawrence Kurzius: Sure, Rob. I'm going to take this to start. And Mike, join me if I miss anything here on this. But this was an extraordinary situation. It's not the normal pattern that we've experienced. Normally, we see a drawdown in Q1, our Q1 that coincides with a lot of our customers' end of year, and then relative flatness for the rest of the year. This impact that happened in fourth quarter was really extraordinary and does not reflect a build of inventory previously. This is -- it's quite discrete with a small set of customers or one very large customer that had the biggest impact. It was devastating to their stores, their -- to the inventory. This was not an intentional move on their part. And as a result, their stores had tremendous out-of-stocks through the holiday season. And so it just -- it's hard to imagine that retailer taking inventory down further than they did because they literally ran themselves out of product. In terms of our looking forward, we always include, in our plans and in our sales guidance, a level of inventory of drawdown -- I shouldn't say always, but we have for the last several years. And we've included in the guidance for sales for next year further reduction in inventory across the trade, not necessarily at those customers specifically. But this timing that happened, with this -- both the size and the timing of it and of course -- and the products involved, we're surprised this happened to us at the most sensitive time of year for us, right, as we are coming to not only the peak consumption period but also the cutoff on our fiscal year. We don't get a do-over on Thanksgiving, and so this had -- really did have a big impact for us.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard with Bernstein.
Alexia Howard: Could I ask about the flavor solutions business? It's -- up until this quarter, it was doing really incredibly well on profit growth, top line growth. Clearly, the profits took a bit of a pause on that trajectory this time around. Was there something that happened? Did the contracts get lost or is this just lapping tougher comps from a year ago? And what's the prognosis from here? Does it step down to some sort of more normal level? Can the margins continue to expand?
Lawrence Kurzius: Alexia, I'm going to just say a word about this, and I'm going to give it to Mike. But this -- the flavor solutions business is always pretty lumpy. And so there's more volatility in the quarter-to-quarter results on that. I think if you look at the whole year, we're very pleased that we don't see any issue. We actually are quite pleased with how we've come out of the year on flavor solutions, and our outlook is as optimistic as it has been. Mike?
Michael Smith: Yes. I'd say, too, within the flavor solutions business, a couple of things had happened in the quarter. We had -- and I mentioned this on the call. We had a bit of transactional effect, some unfavorability, which impacted not -- the whole company, too, from an operating profit perspective, but hit -- because of our footprint with some of the currencies but also unfavorable product mix. In some of -- as Lawrence said, flavor solutions can be lumpy. In some of our regions, the growth was more on core products versus LTOs. LTOs generally have higher margins. So you'll have these sometimes when our customer is advertising. Something we've done for a long time is a base product that has a lower margin that might have a little bit of product mix negative. So we saw some of that this quarter, too.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ken Goldman with JPMorgan.
Kenneth Goldman: One for me. In each of the last, I think, seven years by our math, your initial guidance for your tax rate has proven a bit conservative, meaning you guided to a higher tax rate than, I guess, what you ultimately reported. Just wondering, is there any reason we should think 2019 will be different? Given history, it seems reasonable to expect your tax rate to come in below the 22% you guided to today, but just trying to get a feel for what you're thinking there this coming year.
Michael Smith: David, this is Mike. I'll take this one. We generally -- we don't -- sorry, Ken. I was saying David. Yes, we have been favorable on our tax, but a big part of that is we don't forecast discrete tax items. But if you think about this -- I'll talk about this year first before I talk about next year. I mean, before the tax act, we might have an underlying rate of 28% to 29%. And we said guidance at the beginning of this year after the tax act was about 24%, and we came in slightly below 20%, so about a 400 basis point favorability. 300 basis points of that was the stock option exercises, which, one, we don't forecast for and we don't know when it's going to happen. So there's another 100 basis points of other stuff, tax settlements, things like that, but we really don't forecast discrete tax items. For '19, underlying tax rate is about 24%, similar to this year. As we've kind of gone through an exhaustive process recently going through the regs that were just released by the Department of Treasury, we did some tax planning. That's why we said, look, this is a significant discrete tax item that's hitting early in the year. We're calling 22%. There could be some stock option exercises. There could be some other discrete tax items, but we want to give you at least a benchmark of what we see is there. And hopefully, it is favorable, but we believe there's some judgment there.
Kenneth Goldman: That's helpful -- no, very helpful, Mike. And my follow-up is -- you talked about low single-digit raw material cost inflation for the year. Forgive me, I don't think that includes transportation costs. And correct me if I'm wrong, but you're one of the first food companies to really provide detailed guidance for the upcoming calendar year. And I'm just curious if -- on that front, whether it's transportation, logistics, however you want to sort of define it, things that are not raw material necessarily, if you're seeing any sort of easing of pressure on that area.
Michael Smith: No, we throw it all in there. Yes, we throw it all in, yes.
Kenneth Goldman: And then, if I could ask just a quick clarification then within that just to get a better sense of transportation. Are you seeing the easing in that particular part of it?
Michael Smith: Well, we've seen -- we know '18 was a significant increase from '17. And we've had a lot of activities in North America primarily through our CCI program to mitigate the costs as we see going into 2019. But we do -- we still do see inflation there, which we've built in.
Lawrence Kurzius: We're not seeing an easing there.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs.
Adam Samuelson: Maybe a question just on the trajectory, first on organic, both in the fourth quarter and then into '19, on the Frank's and the French's business because they're now in the organic base. Just trying to make -- disaggregate the inventory trade reduction in the quarter, which clearly impacted the consumers Americas business, but would have thought that the Frank's and French's now coming into organic would have been -- would have helped your business or your perform -- reported performance more. Just help me think about how those businesses are performing on an underlying basis. It sounded like the trade reductions were more legacy McCormick items.
Lawrence Kurzius: Adam, I'm glad you asked that question because in answering a couple of the earlier questions about inventory reduction, we didn't talk about the other side of the -- of what was happening, which is that our consumption has been incredibly strong. We came out of the year with the strongest consumption performance for a fourth quarter in the last 5 years. It's one of the strongest quarters for a period of time, and that's part of what gives us optimism around 2019. The Frank's and French's items were no exception to that. So our consumer offtake as measured through scanner data on Frank's was up 9% in the quarter. Our offtake on mustard was almost flat. And if you recall, our goal that we announced when we bought this business was that we were going to drive growth on Frank's and we were going to stabilize the French's mustard, and I think we're making great progress on that. And so I think that, that consumption trajectory on both the acquired brands and also on our core business gives us confidence in the sales numbers for 2019. Mike, you wanted to comment on the inventory...
Michael Smith: Well, yes. Let me talk, too, about -- in the fourth quarter, some of that advertising investment was driving Frank's. We talked about how it was the first time we've advertised in Frank's in 7 years. We have new advertising which just dropped this week that's going to support the first quarter, a lot of new products coming in the first quarter. Frank's and French's was impacted, as Lawrence said, by the trade inventory reductions, though. And -- but we expect a strong first quarter from both brands because of the consumption we're seeing.
Adam Samuelson: Okay, that's helpful. And then just on the guidance, between the sales and margin expansion goals that you've laid out, is there any notable delineation between the consumer and the flavor solutions business and -- i.e. is the base expectation that there's faster growth in flavors or consumer, more margin expansion in one versus the other?
Michael Smith: No, we generally feel they're pretty comparable between the two.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Driscoll with Citi.
David Driscoll: I've got two questions for you. You talked about the ERP system. We're sensitive to changes in ERPs. Can you just walk us through kind of the risk points on when we need to be focused on, on the big modules and kind of when they come into play? And I think you called it out in the fourth quarter, a part of it. I don't know what's already taken place versus what has to take place on the ERP system change.
Michael Smith: Well, Dave, as you know, this is like a 2 to 3 year process. We're kind of in the early days here. So anything -- I wouldn't -- our guidance considers any expense that we're going to occur on ERP. A lot of it is capital. And we've talked about in the call we're going to have an increase in capital versus this year. Our capital this year, we had a target of $200 million. Due to a lot of timing issues, it came down to about almost $170 million. We don't see it -- we see some incremental capital investment next year, but I wouldn't ascribe a large impact. I mean, our guidance is our guidance, and it incorporates all those impacts.
David Driscoll: And let me clarify...
Lawrence Kurzius: As we get more detail, David -- I'll commit to giving you more detail. But as I said before, we're pretty early days on this, but we have made some investments in the fourth quarter to help jump start that.
David Driscoll: Yes. It wasn't really a question on the capital spending. It was a question on ERP systems and the disruption that they sometimes cause when the execution doesn't go well. There's always certain modules within these ERP systems that are far more sensitive than other modules. And I was just looking for a piece of information related to when the significant modules go into play.
Lawrence Kurzius: Well, I would say -- if I could just pick this up. So as you know, this -- it sounds like you understand exactly what's involved with these projects. So there is a long period of scoping, of code writing, of building before you get your first go-live on anything. So we're in that upfront stage of it right now. Our first go-live is not until 2020. But this year is the year when we do all of the work getting ready. And I'll just add to it that we're due for it. We did our first SAP go-live in 2002. We still are -- have done some go-lives on SAP. Even this year, it's been a long and drawn out process. What was the new system has now become the legacy system. SAP, as you know, goes out of maintenance. It becomes obsolete in 2023. We want to be ahead of the curve on getting -- migrating to the next generation of ERP and not be doing it at the last minute. So everybody's going to have to make this -- anybody that's on SAP is going to have to make this transition over the next several years, and we're getting started on it. We did incur some expense but we got -- in the fourth quarter and will throughout 2019. But we really won't -- we won't get to our first actual go-live until 2020. I'll add that it is our plan to move quickly. It's taken almost 20 years to roll out SAP across our whole company. We're not going to take 20 years to do the refresh, which will still be an SAP product, the SAP HANA.
David Driscoll: I like the 20-year comment. My second question relates to your flavor solutions. It's a follow-up to one of the earlier questions, but I want to think a little bit longer term. Flavor solutions margins went from about 7.5% 5, 7 years ago to over 14%, a massive increase. When I look at just the pie breakdown, your ingredients proportion of the flavor solutions is kind of small now, so I think that was the low-margin stuff that you've slowly but surely been exiting and then adding other high-margin pieces like flavors. Lawrence, what I don't get a sense on, but I get this question a lot from investors, is how much more is there to go. Can you double the size of the flavors portion of flavor solutions? And is that high enough margin to keep pushing the segment margin significantly higher over some course of time? This isn't a next-year question.
Lawrence Kurzius: I understand. This is a great long-term question, and I appreciate the opportunity to talk about something besides the inventory reduction in the fourth quarter. This is, in fact, our strategy that you just described for our flavor solutions segment. We are migrating the portfolio to more of the flavor and seasoning end. We certainly still see value in some of the customer foodservice products and condiments that we do, but away from that more commodity ingredient end of the spectrum. And we see a long runway of opportunity for enhancing our margin from this migration of our portfolio to value-added products. You see from the public company competitors who are more pure play on flavor, their margins are significantly higher to us -- than us. We aspire to move more in that direction. And I'm not sure how high up is, but it's a long way from where we are now. And there are parts in the other slices of the pie, too. For example, in condiments, there's low-margin condiments and higher margin. So obviously, we would optimize this as we go.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Growe with Stifel.
Christopher Growe: I had just two questions, if I could. So the price was a little less than I expected in the fourth quarter. I know you talked about some new products and spending around those new products. I'm sure it was more -- the factor that weighed on pricing is more promotional driven. So my question is, does -- did pricing line up with cost inflation in the fourth quarter? Do you expect that in '19? Or maybe are more new product costs going to weigh on that pricing line overall?
Michael Smith: Chris, this is Mike. I'll take that. I mean, if you look at the split by region -- and I'll focus on consumer. I mean, pricing for total consumer is only up 0.2%. But in the Americas, it was up 0.6%, and that was covering the cost of inflation, some of the pricing we took early in the year on recipe mixes; Asia Pacific, 1.5%. EMEA, where we had really strong overall sales performance from kind of the relaunch of our first choice spice line, we had obviously some trade promotional slotting fees, things like that, which is negative price. So EMEA was negative 2.2%. So that's what drove the whole consumer down. So that -- and that was a significant restage for that region. So we don't see -- we see in '19 our pricing actions ramp from last year, and anything we need to do to cover for low single-digit cost inflation, we see those covering all of it.
Lawrence Kurzius: Right. Other than the cost of new distribution, we don't see any extraordinary pressure on promotion expenses. I think it's revenue management that's been net positive for us.
Christopher Growe: And would pricing offset cost inflation in your view, from a high level, for 2019? Is that your expectation?
Lawrence Kurzius: I'm sorry, I'm not sure I got the question. Can you repeat that?
Christopher Growe: Would your price -- do you expect your price realization to offset cost inflation in 2019 from a high level, not quarter-to-quarter, that kind of thing? But do you expect that you'll be able to price to your cost inflation in 2019?
Lawrence Kurzius: Yes. We also have CCI programs, things like that, too. There's a broad basket of tools.
Christopher Growe: Okay, yes. And just one final one. In the fourth quarter, I think you had a gain on the sale of a building. You also had some costs related to moving into the new facility. Were those costs spread out over the quarters and this fourth quarter had that benefit of that gain? And I'm just curious how this applies to the comps for 2019.
Michael Smith: Generally, Chris, they were in the second half. We think our -- we moved most of the people July, August, September time frame and had the grand opening actually in October. So a lot of the expenses were second half.
Christopher Growe: And then the gain, did that more than offset the costs or...
Michael Smith: Yes, it does. We said that on the call.
Lawrence Kurzius: Yes. I think we said that on the call. It was -- between them, they net to two.
Michael Smith: Net to two, yes. The $4 million spend hurt operating expense. There is a geography difference there, obviously. The gain was below the operating profit line. All the expenses were above.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rob Dickerson with Deutsche Bank.
Robert Dickerson: I have two really quick, really different questions. The first question is just any color -- I know you don't always -- obviously, don't guide quarter-to-quarter, but just any color around kind of cadence for '19 really just with respect to organic sales trajectory sequentially and then also just the margin, right? It looks like your guidance is -- implies, call it, about 100 basis points operating profit margin. I know you said earlier in response to a question that it's not hard to get there just given -- keeping the media spend flat. But I'm curious like -- obviously, just every year as you report Q4, you're already through half of Q1. And given this holiday issue and some of the replenishment piece was -- let's say your quarter ended in November but then you also had December baked in Q1. Did some of that kind of -- did some of the replenishment issues flow through into Q1? And then is more of the margin expansion more back-half loaded just given timing of '18 spend and then also the inventory issue you had in Q4? Sorry if that's a little wordy. I think you get my point.
Michael Smith: I think we got the concept, Rob. This is Mike. I'll start this with we do not provide guidance by quarter, as we always say. However, we talked about 2% FX unfavorable during the year. That's really first half loaded, so there's going to be some negative FX there. First quarter is our smallest issue. As Lawrence said...
Lawrence Kurzius: Smallest quarter.
Michael Smith: The smallest quarter, right. No, our first quarter is our smallest quarter of the year. We are still working through some of the replenishment issue. But we also talked about how there's first quarter discrete tax items, so that's going to help our tax line. We'll make some investments. As we talked about before, it's really like an IT and other things early in the year. Being the smallest quarter of the year, there may be more impact on that. But again, for the full year, the 100 basis points increase in operating profit, we're comfortable with that.
Lawrence Kurzius: And I'll say there may be -- as we look ahead to some events that might happen in this volatile environment such as Brexit, we may -- depending on how they are unfolding, we may have to incur some expense to prepare us for managing our risks through a Brexit, for example.
Robert Dickerson: Yes. I guess I would just mean potential outside tool manufacturing, sourcing or...
Lawrence Kurzius: Yes, inventory build, things like that.
Robert Dickerson: Yes. Okay, fair. And then second question, just more focused on RB Foods. I realize some additional growth coming from non-tracked channels and tracked channels. It looks like year-over-year growth, definitely so strong or better even with Frank's. So that's a net positive. It looked like it peaked more in that August-September period year-over-year. And then French's, as you said, is stabilizing but still a drag. So I'm just curious with respect to '19. I didn't hear a lot or anything on potential innovation around the growing season. How do you actually increase momentum behind French's? And then secondly, just the international opportunity, which you didn't -- discussed upfront on the acquisition, I think, the last call or two but didn't hear much about today. I don't know if that's more CAGNY related.
Lawrence Kurzius: Yes, Rob, exactly. I think we'll cover this more thoroughly at CAGNY. We'll look at our -- and we'll talk more about our 2019 plans and beyond at CAGNY. But we're really pleased with the performance of RB Foods. I don't want to let this go without saying that. And you mentioned a peak around August. Actually, our consumption on these products increased sequentially quarter by quarter throughout the entire year. The fourth quarter consumption was the strongest that we've had, but there was some impact from that inventory issue on the French's and Frank's brands. So I'm not -- I actually don't have it at my fingertips, what the shipment was, but the consumer offtake was the strongest that we've had. And we think we've got great momentum going forward into 2019 on those brands, which we are now not really -- we're not breaking them out because we're treating them just like any of our other major brands in terms of our reporting. But when I say major brands, these are the second and third largest brands in our portfolio after McCormick so they certainly get a lot of attention. Mike, did you want to...
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jonathan Feeney with Consumer Edge Research.
Jonathan Feeney: A couple of questions. First, I guess, following up from your conversation with Rob and your comment that -- Rob Moskow, I should say, and your comment on consumption. It sounds like non -- because I'm looking at the measured data. It sounds like non-measured -- this was a record Q4 for you. Non-measured continues to grow terrifically for you. If you could just comment about non-measured, especially online, how that's going at least third -- fiscal third versus fiscal fourth. And then second question is, what are the big sources of gross margin mix? And within that, what impact on gross margin specifically -- how big of an impact could this one set of seasonal high-margin items have had on your gross margin broadly? It seems like there's other gross margin mix items that are more structural. And maybe comment on how those play into your hope -- your plans for gross margin expansion in 2019.
Lawrence Kurzius: So I'm going to start, and then I'm going to pass it over to Mike. The strong consumption includes unmeasured channels, but we're specifically pointing to the measured channels so that everybody can see it. So if you looked at the IRI data in aggregate over the last -- going back 5 years, you'd see that, through measured channels, this was the strongest fourth quarter in the last 5 years. And then on top of that, we had good performance in our unmeasured channels as well that contributed to the growth. I think I tried to cover that in my prepared remarks, but I want to really underscore that you can see it in the measured data when you look at -- for us, IRI. The impact...
Jonathan Feeney: Lawrence, would that also be true -- would that comment also be true of your non-measured channels, that same acceleration there?
Lawrence Kurzius: I'm not sure that the growth rate was higher, but it was definitely a contributor to the positive growth.
Michael Smith: Incremental.
Lawrence Kurzius: And at a higher rate than the scanned sales. So I just want to put that out there. Now the margin impact from the -- again, I can't underestimate the -- and Mike will talk about this a little bit. This happened at the worst possible time for us. And the items that we have at the holiday time are very seasonal in nature. They are among our highest-margin part of the portfolio. If you follow -- Jon, you followed us for a long time. You see the difference in our margin structure quarter by quarter. That's driven by that sort of holiday items. And when we don't have that, that's a big impact on the bottom line.
Michael Smith: Yes, that's basically why. I mean, these are high-margin items. Even Frank's and French's, some of the trade inventory hit them. That's high-margin item, as we talked about, too. Things like the recipe mixes, core herbs and spices, those are -- if you look at quarter by quarter, as Lawrence said, fourth quarter is always our highest quarter, and actually, late in the quarter is usually higher.
Jonathan Feeney: Mike, could I say that was the primary contributor then to gross margin contraction, that one issue?
Michael Smith: Yes, definitely, definitely.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, our final question for this morning will come from the line of Akshay Jagdale with Jefferies.
Akshay Jagdale: So one follow-up, goes back to, I think, Andrew's first question. So I know you don't give quarterly guidance, but for the fourth quarter, we have the benefit of quarterly guidance given how you guide, right? So the sales growth in the quarter was about 300 basis points below what you had expected. So the inventory stuff is about 100, 150 bps. It does imply that something else was weaker, but it -- from everything you've said, it sounds to me like the main issue really is still the inventory issue, right? So can you just help me bridge that? Because it does look like, from a purely quantitative standpoint, there are some other factors that have -- might have been weaker than you had expected.
Michael Smith: Akshay, this is Mike. And for the year, we gave guidance of 12% to 14%. And we came in basically at the bottom of that, 11.9%. The implied guidance for the fourth quarter was 0.9% to 7.4%, a pretty big range because we don't take the year guidance down to a 1% spread. We came in at 0.6% reported. So we were right at the bottom. The trade inventory programs were 1.5% impact or so. You think about $20 million to $25 million of net sales. That would have put us up in that 0.9% to 7.4%. So I think we're comfortable with the guidance we were giving for the fourth quarter implicit in our full year guidance. So a little bit at the low end of the range, but we would have been well within the Q4 implied guidance.
Akshay Jagdale: Got it. So overall, the main standout is this inventory issue and what gives you confidence is, clearly, the consumption trends are very, very strong and accelerating in many areas. That's the main takeaway from your perspective on sales, right?
Lawrence Kurzius: Akshay, that's exactly right because, in the long run, sales are going to follow the consumer. And that's why we spent so much time in our remarks today on the consumption trends. And while the trade inventory reduction happened at the worst time for us and we're very disappointed on the impact that it had on the end of the year, our consumer consumption is strong and our international business is strong and our flavor solutions business continues to power on. We believe this is a short-term challenge, and a long-term upward trend fueled by the alignment with really long-term consumer trends is a sound strategy. And I'll add a talented and engaged workforce, and that gives us a lot of confidence in our 2019.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our question-and-answer session today. I'll turn the floor back to Mr. Kurzius for any final comments.
Lawrence Kurzius: Thanks, everyone, for your questions and for participating on today's call. McCormick is a global leader in flavor. We're differentiated with a broad and advantaged portfolio, which continues to drive growth. We're responding readily to changes in the industry with new ideas, innovation and purpose. With a keen focus on growth performance and people we continue to perform strong globally and build shareholder value. I'm pleased with our strong results to start the year, and I'm confident in our continuing momentum for growth. I look forward to reporting to you on the shareholder value we'll continue to create.
Kasey Jenkins: Thank you, Lawrence, and thanks to all for joining today's call. I apologize for those who we did not get to take their call today. And if you have any further questions regarding today's information, you can reach us at 410-771-7140. This concludes this morning's conference call. Thank you.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-09-27 08:00:00) =====
Kasey Jenkins: Good morning. This is Kasey Jenkins, Vice President of McCormick Investor Relations. Thank you for joining todays Third Quarter Earnings Call. To accompany this call, we posted a set of slides at ir.mccormick.com. Now, all participants are in listen-only mode. Following our remarks, we will begin a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Well begin with remarks from Lawrence Kurzius, Chairman, President and CEO; and Mike Smith, Executive Vice President and CFO. During our remarks, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. These include adjusted gross profit, adjusted gross profit margin, adjusted operating income, adjusted income tax rate and adjusted earnings per share that excludes the impact of transaction and integration expenses related to the Reckitt Benckiser Foods or RB Foods acquisition, special charges and income taxes excluding certain non-recurring impacts associated with the recently enacted U.S. tax reform, which we refer to as the U.S. Tax Act as well as information in constant currency. Reconciliations to the GAAP results are included in this mornings press release and slides. In our comments, certain percentages are rounded. Please refer to our presentation which includes the complete information. As a reminder, todays presentation contains projections and other forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from those projected. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements whether because of new information, future events or other factors. As seen on Slide 2, our forward-looking statements also provide information on Risk Factors that could affect our financial results. It is now my pleasure to turn the discussion over to Lawrence.
Lawrence Kurzius: Thank you, Kasey. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. Our third quarter results continued the strong performance we delivered in the first-half of 2018, and were well-positioned to deliver strong full-year results. Weve driven strong double-digit sales, operating profit and EPS growth, as well as significant operating margin expansion in both the third quarter and year-to-date. These results reflect the effectiveness of our sales and profit growth strategies, driven by the engagement of our employees around the world. Starting on Slide 4, we have a broad and advantaged global flavor portfolio, which we are continuing to grow. Among the third quarter highlights across our portfolio, in our Consumer segments underlying business, we drove growth in the Americas, particularly in recipe mixes and spice and seasonings, and we continued our momentum in China. In our Flavor Solutions segment, we continued winning with customers, driving base business and new product growth in both the Americas and EMEA. We also continue to make progress on expanding our portfolio with additional growth and more flavors, while pruning some low-margin business. The reshaping of our Flavor Solutions portfolio is a significant driver of operating margin expansion. In addition to the solid growth in our core business, were pleased with Franks and Frenchs performance and their positive impact on our portfolio of condiments and sauces and branded foodservice. Overall, we are confident that the breadth and reach of our portfolio continues to position us to fully meet the demand for flavor around the world and grow our business. Now let me go into more detail on our third quarter performance on Slide 5, as well as provide some business comments before turning it over to Mike, wholl go in more depth on the quarter-end results and discuss our updated 2018 financial guidance. Starting with our top line for the third quarter, we grew sales 14% for the total company with minimal impact from currency. This was driven by strong results from both segments, led by the Americas. Base business growth, new products and acquisitions are three drivers of long-term sales growth are all contributing factors. Our base business and new product growth accelerated from our first-half sales growth, as we said we would in our June call. Incremental sales from our acquired Franks and Frenchs brands contributed 10%. In our Consumer segment, we grew sales 14% with minimal impact from currency, and in the Flavor Solutions segment, we grew 14% in constant currency. The growth in both segments was led by incremental Franks and Frenchs sales, which contributed 10% to our Consumer segment and 9% to our Flavor Solutions segment. In addition to our top line growth, our focus on profit realization drove additional adjusted operating income growth and adjusted operating margin expansion. With our higher sales, cost savings, led by our Comprehensive Continuous Improvement program, or CCI, and our portfolio shift to more value-added products, including the addition of Franks and Frenchs, we grew the third quarters adjusted operating income 20% in constant currency, with both segments contributing double-digit growth. And we expanded our adjusted operating margin 80 basis points, while making significant investments in brand marketing. We are achieving the margin accretion we expected from the Franks and Frenchs portfolio. And equally as important, we are driving significant margin expansion in our core business, led by CCI, as well as the shift in our portfolio to more value-added products. At the bottom line, our third quarter adjusted earnings per share of $1.28 was 14% higher than $1.12 in the third quarter of 2017. Our strong growth and adjusted operating income and more favorable tax rate drove this increase, partially offset by higher interest expense from debt related to the RB Foods acquisition, as well as higher shares outstanding. The 14% earnings per share growth includes an unfavorable impact from currency. Our third quarter results were in line with our expectations and are a continuation of the results we achieved in the first-half of 2018. With one quarter remaining in the fiscal year, weve increased our adjusted earnings per share guidance from $4.95 to $5 from our previous guidance of $4.85 to $4.95. Our updated guidance reflects the 16% to 17% growth rate and importantly, includes continued investments to drive growth. Were confident in our updated 2018 outlook, which Mike will provide more details on in a few minutes. Id like to turn now to some business updates. Ill begin with highlights from our Consumer and Flavor Solutions segments, and follow with a look at our Franks and Frenchs portfolio. In the Consumer segment, as seen on Slide 6, we grew sales 14% with minimal impact from currency, with incremental sales from Franks and Frenchs contributing 10%, and our base business and new product growth contributing 4%, driven by the U.S. and China. In the Americas, growth was particularly strong, driven by the large impact of Franks and Frenchs, which contributed 14% incremental growth. Our underlying Americas business grew 4%, which was a significant sequential improvement from the growth in the first-half of the year. Our third quarter growth was driven by higher volume and mix, primarily attributable to distribution gains, growing strength and the effectiveness of our brand marketing, as well as pricing. In U.S., spices and seasonings, our IRI data indicates scanner sales through multi-outlets grew for the category at 3% and McCormick branded at 1%. Our growth continues to be impacted by a large retailers decision to convert a control label to private label, along with related promotional and merchandising actions, which weve discussed on previous earnings calls. While this decision hurt our branded spices and seasoning share performance, it drove growth in our private label sales. Additionally, we again have strong growth in unmeasured channels, including club, e-commerce, and Hispanic retail chains. Overall, we continue to see good growth in our spice and seasoning brands in the U.S. market. Weve narrowed the gap on market share loss and we know we have more room to grow. During the third quarter, we also had strong growth in other parts of our portfolio. For instance, in grilling items, which Ill comment on further when discussing Franks and Frenchs, as well as in our Simply Asia products, Kitchen Basic stocks and broths and McCormick branded dry recipe mixes. Our recipe mixes are appealing to consumers as they offer real value in terms of convenient flavor solutions. During the third quarter, dry recipe mix IRI indicates the category grew at 4% and McCormick branded at 6%. We continue to grow both our dollar sales and market share with brand marketing and promotional activities heavily impacting our third quarter performance. As we indicated in our June earnings call, our plans included a significant amount of brand marketing investment in the second-half of the year. During the third quarter, we made substantial investments behind our brands across all regions, which proved to be effective. The increase, which was $21 million versus last year was primarily driven by the Americas. A portion of this increase related to Franks and Frenchs, which Ill discuss further in a few minutes. For the underlying consumer business, our Americas investments included increased spending related to our superiority campaign, primarily in television advertising with additional support through digital banner advertising and social media activity. The campaign highlights our commitment to quality and the great lengths we go to in care of our products, spices and seasonings and recipe mixes. Theres further development of our rapidly growing YouTube content series, Flavor Makers, with additional how-to videos with hosts that appeal to millennials using products across our portfolio in all trend and convenience-focused recipes. With digital media investments delivering video messages across social media and other platforms that our Stubbs barbecue sauce is made with premium, clean ingredients for authentic flavor, the real barbecue sauce. We were the top -performing barbecue brand in the third quarter with double-digit consumption growth. We increased spending against our Grill Mates brand with a combination of television advertising and digital focus aimed at helping grillers elevate their game. This included a partnership with the Food Network and one of their grill masters to use our Grill Mates products in various recipes, including in a significantly viewed video on social media. In the third quarter, we grew Grill Mates bottle blends high single digits. The effectiveness of our investments is evident in both our third quarter consumption and sales growth and will continue to drive strong momentum behind our brand growth. And in addition to our digital marketing driving top line results, during the third quarter, we learned we were again ranked in the top five food brands for Digital IQ. by L2, the fifth year in a row. Turning to Europe, Middle East, and Africa, the EMEA region, growth was tempered by unusually warm weather in Europe, which unfavorably impacted consumption. Were continuing to keep our brands relevant through marketing and new products. Organic range expansions are progressing well and our first choice brand renovation initiative is rolling out across Europe. Were also planning on an increased level of brand marketing and support of this initiative over the balance of the year. In the Asia Pacific region, our strong sales in China led Consumer segment growth, driven by strong performance on core products, as well as e-commerce growth. Chinas direct-to-consumer storefront on Tmall continues to gain momentum since its launch earlier this year, particularly with innovation launched specific to this channel and targeted to millennials. Turning now to the Flavor Solutions segment, we grew sales 14% in constant currency in the third quarter, with incremental sales from the Franks and Frenchs portfolio contributing 9% and the remaining 5% driven by base business and new product growth. In the Americas, constant currency sales growth of 19% was led by 14% from Franks and Frenchs. Broad-based growth across the portfolio contributed 5%. Our momentum in flavor sales has continued, particularly in on-trend savory flavors. Were growing with quick-service restaurants, due in part to the timing of our customers promotional activities. And in branded foodservice, weve continued to expand distribution. Overall, across the portfolio, we are continuing to win with existing business, as well as with new products and customers. EMEAs third quarter sales performance was driven by growth in flavors. In both our EMEA and Asia Pacific regions, we continue to win with our customers through new products and their promotional activities. Were continuing to refine and optimize our portfolio, increasing our sales of higher-margin flavor business and exiting lower-margin business. Across our Flavor Solutions segment, the migration of our portfolio to more technically insulated and value-added categories has continued in 2018. Our year-to-date flavor sales are up double digits in the Americas, driving further realization against this strategy. Beyond our strategy to drive sales growth, well continue to focus on profit realization as continues to be evident in our results. Now, lets move from our strong core business results and on to an update on Franks and Frenchs starting on Slide 8. Just a few weeks ago, we celebrated the one-year anniversary of the Franks and Frenchs brands joining our global flavor portfolio and are thrilled with the impact weve had of these brands. Weve created value, achieved synergies and are obtaining results according to our acquisition plan. Importantly, we have achieved our year one sales and earnings per share accretion expectations. Mike will provide further comments about our delivery against the acquisition plan in a few moments. We continue to be excited about the momentum of this business and the growth plans we are successfully executing against. Like our third quarter sequential sales growth improvement in our U.S. consumers underlying business, growth in the Franks and Frenchs portfolio also accelerated during the third quarter, as our efforts begin to gain business traction. Now, Id like to share some updates on our progress against these plans. Starting with our North America consumer business on Slide 8. Were successfully growing Franks and Frenchs through strengthening distribution, category management, effective brand marketing investments and innovation. Starting with Franks. As of the end of August, we increased our U.S. total distribution points of original and Buffalo sauces by double digits. Our Fix the Mix initiative focused on having the right assortment on shelf continues to be a key driver of this growth. By increasing our array of bottle sizes offering on the shelf, we have sizes for all consumers, a small size perfect for consumers new to the category to drive further household penetration to a larger bottle for the most passionate of fans. Importantly, the growth of these sizes has been incremental to the brand, which is also growing distribution points through our category management efforts. From a regional perspective, we continue to increase our distribution points, where Franks is not the market leader with double-digit growth in the third quarter. Turning to Frenchs mustard, were continuing to convince retailers to remove duplicative secondary brands, as they work to maximize the efficiency of their shelf space and more of our recommendations are being implemented eliminating lower ranking yellow mustard brand and expanding the share of shelf of Frenchs and store brands. These efforts combined with our merchandising and promotion, as well as our new mustard marketing campaign, have driven significant sequential improvement from past quarters. Consumption in the third quarter significantly improved from the past several quarters experience. As weve said before, mustard will take a while to turnaround, but were pleased with our progress thus far. As I just mentioned, our promotion and merchandising activities are driving results. Our first opportunity to leverage increased promotional scale is with grilling. As we said in our June earnings call, our U.S. grilling season was delayed because of cold and wet weather in broad parts of the country. However, the grilling season soon heated up, with both Franks and Frenchs mustard achieving strong consumption wins in key U.S. grilling periods. During the July fourth-week, total dollar consumption for Franks and Frenchs mustard grew significantly versus the year-ago period, with mustard consumption driven by displays and promotions up substantially. During Labor Day week, total consumption growth accelerated, driven by our displays and promotions. Our grilling wins were not limited to Franks and Frenchs, the solid consumption growth across our entire grilling portfolio, Stubbs, Grill Mates blends and Lawrys. In addition to the brand marketing investments, I mentioned earlier, we also increased marketing support against Frenchs in the third quarter and are excited about our continued plans moving into the fourth quarter. Our new U.S. not from France campaign, a humorous take on the Frenchs brand name, and our dedicated digital mustard campaign, has contributed to the improved trends, I mentioned, as well as improvement in household penetration levels. The influence weve been able to apply through category management, as well as brand marketing is beginning to have an impact, as you can see in the most recent scanner data. Moving into the fourth quarter for Franks, were currently running a U.S. national TV ad for the first time in seven years. In addition to this, well be launching our tailgate 2018 campaign, featuring Franks and Stubbs, which are both perfect for the tailgating experience. This interactive program will allow consumers to decide, which flavor profile tops their tailgate. Is it the heat with Franks or is it the sweet with Stubbs. And finally, turning to innovation. Our third quarter Franks seasoning and dip mix launches are on shelf at many major retailers, and were pleased with the initial acceptance. As I previously mentioned, there is a longer-term pipeline for new concepts developing, and I look forward to sharing the details on innovation news, as we launch new products. Building on our Zatarains frozen food business and capabilities, Im very pleased to announce the launch of our latest new product line, which is again going beyond liquid flavor, Franks RedHot frozen wings. Franks RedHot was the secret ingredient used in the original Buffalo wings created in Buffalo New York in 1964, and owned the title of original Buffalo sauce. These new items are delicious and convenient products that offer the perfect blend of flavor and heat. The launch includes three top restaurant flavors, Franks RedHot Original, Buffalo and barbecue. The fully cooked antibiotic-free chicken is flavored with a custom blend of McCormick seasonings and marinades made with Franks RedHot. Consumer testing has been positive, retail acceptance is strong. Were not only excited about this new product line, but also the speed at which it was developed from concept to market since we acquired the brand. This is an example of how weve been able to leverage our consumer insights, scale and culinary capabilities to drive growth. Wrapping up North America consumer for Franks and Frenchs, were very pleased with our progress, particularly with the accelerated growth in our plan, our plans are now driving. Were confident in our initiatives and are enthusiastic about the growth plans were executing against. Next, Im excited to share some Franks and Frenchs updates related to our North American Flavor Solution business on Slide 9. Were driving penetration of our full portfolio across the full spectrum of the foodservice industry, including high-volume national and regional chain accounts. Were very pleased with our progress and executing against our growth plans and continue to have successes in key areas. During the third quarter, we had incremental sales to approximately 2,000 new restaurant locations, including national, regional and local accounts. This brings our penetration through August to over 21,000 new restaurant locations, and we continue to deepen our penetration with existing locations. Broadening and deepening our penetration in foodservice includes highly visible menu mentions and front of house product placement. Our successes on menu items, which include products across our full portfolio continued in the third quarter. For example, during the quarter, we secured a new partnership with a leading U.S. pizza chain to launch menu items that feature our Franks products. These wins have also included menu mentions with both restaurant print and television media campaigns to build brand awareness beyond foodservice. Our efforts in the front of the house, which is not only limited to restaurants, but also includes the broader foodservice industry, such as business cafeterias, sports venues and lodging, have also continued in the third quarter, with double-digit growth in Frenchs ketchup and mustard dispenser placements and the portfolio of our tabletop items. Additionally, we continue to successfully cross-sell our culinary line, McCormick For Chefs, alongside our Franks and Frenchs foodservice items into restaurants. Weve accelerated momentum in driving penetration and still have a long runway ahead. The momentum of our foodservice promotional activity is also driving results. Wings and sports have been an inseparable combination since Franks earned the title of the original Buffalo sauce. Were excited about capitalizing on the start of football season in the U.S. with new promotional activity to drive further awareness, including increased tailgating events and offering the King of Wings program for the first time in the fall. Im excited about our foodservice progress with Franks and Frenchs and the growth we will continue to realize in this part of our portfolio. Turning to the international markets on Slide 10. We are progressing on integrating the Franks and Frenchs portfolio into our global network. Were continuing to apply discipline to establish the proper foundation to manage the brands globally and enable stronger growth. During our June earnings call, we shared we had also added new distributors in 14 countries, giving us greater international presence. During the third quarter, we added another six countries to increase our total presence to 20 new countries. Were also actively converting to McCormicks direct infrastructure, where we have scale. For example, in India, weve converted from using several distributors and began selling Franks and Frenchs directly to our retail customers at the beginning of August and are currently on shelf in three major cities with a wider assortment and Franks in particular is creating interest. Moving forward, were excited to build on the consumers growing passion for Franks and Frenchs and remain confident we will continue to deliver our acquisition plan, meet performance expectations and drive significant shareholder value. Id also like to thank the many employees whove made year one a strong foundation for future success. Mike is now going to provide more details on the financial results for the quarter and on our updated financial guidance. Before I turn it over to him, let me provide a few final comments on Slide 11. Let me summarize that we have achieved strong results through the first three quarters of 2018, both on our underlying core business and against our Franks and Frenchs plans. We delivered our third quarter results according to our plans and are excited by our momentum. We have confidence in our growth plans for new products across both of our segments, strong brand marketing programs and our opportunities to expand distribution. At the foundation of our sales growth is the rising consumer demand for flavor. Were in line with the consumers increased interest in bolder flavors, demand for convenience and focus on fresh natural ingredients, as well as with emerging purchase drivers, such as greater transparency around the sourcing and quality of food. With this increased interest, flavor continues to be an advantaged global category, which combined with our execution against effective strategies, will continue to drive strong results. For balancing our resources and efforts to drive sales with the work to lower cost to build fuel for growth and higher margins. Were differentiated by our growth platform and the results weve achieved. We have confidence in our updated 2018 outlook and are well-positioned to deliver another strong and differentiated year in 2018. Our success is the work of all the McCormick employees around the world, and I want to recognize them for driving our momentum and thank them for their efforts and their engagement. Thank you for your attention. And its now my pleasure to turn it over to Mike. Mike?
Mike Smith: Thanks, Lawrence, and good morning, everyone. Before I begin my remarks specifically on our third quarter performance, I would like to build upon Lawrences comments on Franks and Frenchs and provide further insights about the delivery against our acquisition plan now that weve completed the first year. Starting on Slide 13, as Lawrence already shared, we have created value by driving growth through expanded distribution, new products and more effective marketing, and we supplemented our core McCormick margin improvement with meaningful enhancement from the Franks and Frenchs portfolio. We are delivering against our synergy and one-time cost estimates, in fact, doing better than our acquisition plan. Starting with our original synergy target, we continue to be on track to achieve $50 million of cost synergies. And as weve previously shared, our 2018 synergies are pacing ahead of expectations. Consequently, we now expect to fully realize the $50 million target by the end of 2020 earlier than our original 2021 estimate. Our transaction costs and integration one-time costs are also projected to be favorable to our acquisition plan, as we shared late last year. We are well-positioned to achieve our targeted debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio of three times by the end of 2020. During the third quarter, we prepaid another $180 million on our term loans secured as part of acquisition financing, bringing our total prepayments to $280 million in this fiscal year and $530 million since the acquisition. We have now paid down over one-third of a term loan secured as part of the acquisition financing. We executed our year one acquisition plan in line with and in some areas better than our model. As a reminder, we expected the first 12 months of the acquisition to be accretive to McCormicks adjusted earnings per share, with an increase of approximately 5%, excluding transaction and integration expenses, as well as ongoing amortization expense, we have achieved this expectation. With the successful completion of our first year, we remain confident we will continue to deliver our acquisition plan and meet performance expectations. Now moving on to our overall financial results. As Lawrence already mentioned, we delivered strong growth in the third quarter. Ill begin with a discussion of our results and then follow with details on our updated full-year 2018 financial outlook. As you know, on Slide 14, we grew sales 14% with minimal impact from currency. Acquisitions, higher volume and product mix and pricing, each contributed to the increase. Both our Consumer and Flavor Solutions segment delivered strong top line growth, driven primarily by the Americas. In addition, we have delivered significant increases in adjusted operating income and adjusted earnings per share. We also delivered adjusted operating margin expansion, while increasing our brand marketing significantly during the quarter. The Consumer segment grew sales 14% with minimal impact from currency. Our acquisition of the Franks and Frenchs portfolio contributed 10% of the sales growth. The remaining 4% growth was driven by base business and new product growth, primarily in the Americas and Asia Pacific regions. On Slide 15, Consumer segment sales in the Americas rose 18% in constant currency versus the third quarter of 2017, with 14% of the increase from Franks and Frenchs incremental sales. The remaining 4% increase was driven by growth from volume and pricing in the U.S. across several product lines, including recipe mixes, spices and seasonings, Asian foods, stocks and broths and grilling items. And as Lawrence mentioned, the underlying business growth rate was a significant sequential improvement from the first-half of year. In EMEA, constant currency consumer sales were down 1% from a year-ago period, including 1% growth from sales of Franks and Frenchs. As Lawrence already mentioned, the unusually warm weather impacted sales growth in Europe. We grew consumer sales in Asia Pacific region 9% in constant currency, led by China-based business growth, with strength in, ketchup, sauces, recipe mixes and chicken bouillon. For the consumer segment in total, we grew adjusted operating income 10% to $154 million. The impact of sales growth and cost savings more than offset increases of freight costs and brand marketing. We increased our brand marketing 44%, or $21 million in the third quarter versus the year-ago period. The increase of brand marketing, partially offset by the favorable impacts of CCI and product mix, driven adjusted operating margin declines of 50 basis points compared to the third quarter of last year. Turning to our Flavor Solutions segment in slide 19, starting with sales growth. We grew constant currency sales 14% with minimal impact of currency. Our acquisition of the Franks and Frenchs portfolios contributed 9% of the sales growth. The remaining 5% growth was driven by both the base business and new products, primarily in the Americas and EMEA regions, partially offset by the elimination of some low-margin business. In the Americas, third quarter constant currency flavor solution sales increased 19%, including a 14% contribution from Franks and Frenchs and a 5% increase from base business and new products. This base and new product increase was led by double-digit growth of custom condiments and coatings to quick-service restaurants, as well as strong flavor and branded foodservice sales growth. Partially offsetting these increases were declining ingredient sales, attributable to both pricing and the elimination of some low-margin business, as well as the global realignment of a major customer sales from the Americas to EMEA. We grew Flavor Solutions sales in EMEA 7% in constant currency, with Franks and Frenchs contributing 1%. The remaining sales growth was driven primarily by volume growth in flavors, as well as a favorable impact from the global realignment of a major customer sales from the Americas to EMEA, as previously mentioned. In the Asia Pacific region, Flavor Solutions sales were down 1% in constant currency. This was driven by the exit of low-margin business in the region, lower sales to quick-service restaurants due to the timing of the promotional activities and the pass-through of certain commodity cost declines. As shown on Slide 23, adjusted operating income for the Flavor Solutions segment ended the quarter up 37% at $88 million, with a 3% unfavorable impact from currency. The increase was driven by the favorable impact of higher sales, a shift to more value-added products and the impact of our CCI program. These impacts led to a 270 basis point expansion of adjusted operating margin compared to last year. Across both segments, adjusted operating income, which excludes the integration costs related to RB Foods and special charges, rose 20% in constant currency, which excluded a 1% unfavorable impact of the currency. This adjusted operating income growth includes the impact of increasing our marketing in the third quarter versus the year-ago period. As Lawrence mentioned, our focus on profit realization and the reshaping of our portfolio has continued to drive margin expansion even with increased investments. As seen on Slide 25, in the third quarter, we increased adjusted gross profit margin 280 basis points year-on-year. While this expansion includes an accretion impact from the addition of the Franks and Frenchs portfolio, the core business was also a significant driver of the margin growth. Our portfolio shift to more value-added products and CCI-led cost savings continue to drive gross profit expansion across both our segments. Our selling, general and administrative expense as a percentage of net sales increased by 200 basis points from the third quarter of 2017. Leverage from sales growth, as well as CCI-led cost savings were more than offset by significant increases in both brand marketing and distribution expense, driven by freight. The net impact of the gross margin expansion and the SG&A increase resulted in an adjusted operating margin expansion of 80 basis points from the third quarter of 2017, which includes a 36%, or $21 million brand marketing increase versus a year ago. Below the operating income line, interest expense increased $23 million in the third quarter from the year-ago period, primarily driven by the debt secured for the RB Foods financing. Turning to income taxes on Slide 26. Our third quarter adjusted effective tax rate was 18.8%, which reflected the favorable impact from a lower U.S. corporate tax rate as compared to 26.8% in the year-ago period. Our third quarter adjusted rate was lower than anticipated due to the favorable impact of discrete items, principally a higher level of stock option exercises. Because of this favorability, we now expect that our adjusted effective tax rate for the full-year will approximate 21%. There can be volatility in that rate quarter-to-quarter due to the impact of discrete items, such as the impact of stock option exercises and changes to our forecasted mix of earnings. Income from unconsolidated operations was $8 million in the third quarter of 2018, which was comparable to the year-ago period. Our previous 2018 income from unconsolidated operations guidance was to be comparable to 2017. We now expect our 2018 income from unconsolidated operations to decline by low single digits versus 2017, driven by unfavorable impact from currency. At the bottom line, as shows on Slide 28, third quarter 2018 adjusted earnings per share was $1.28, a 14% from $1.12 for the year-ago period, mainly due to higher adjusted operating income and the more favorable adjusted income tax rate, partially offset by higher interest expense and shares outstanding. This increase included an unfavorable impact from currency. On Slide 29, we summarized highlights for cash flow and the quarter-end balance sheet. Our cash flow provided from operations was $389 million through the third quarter of 2018, compared to $303 million from the third quarter of 2017. This change was driven by the increase in our net income. We also continue to see improvements in our cash conversion cycle, finishing the third quarter at 59 days, down 17 days versus our fiscal year-end, primarily driven by our extended payment terms and inventory programs. Weve returned $205 million of cash to shareholders through dividends and used $113 million for capital expenditures through the third quarter of 2018. We expect 2018 to be another year of strong cash flow, and our priority is to continue to have a balanced use of cash, making investments to drive growth, returning a significant portion to our shareholders through dividends and to pay down debt. Year-to-date, we have prepaid $280 million in our term loans secured as part of the RB Foods acquisition financing. Lets now move to our current financial outlook for 2018 on Slide 30. As Lawrence mentioned, we continue to expect strong growth for the fiscal year 2018, and are updating our projections to reflect the strength of our year-to-date performance and the momentum we have heading into the fourth quarter. Additionally, our updated projections include a lower favorable impact from foreign currency exchange rates, the lower adjusted income tax rate and a higher net favorable non-recurring impact of the U.S. Tax Act. Based on prevailing rates, we now estimate a favorable impact of net sales growth rate of 1%, down from our previous estimate of 2%, and minimal currency impact on adjusted operating income and adjusted earnings per share, down from our previous 1% favorable impact. As I previously mentioned, we also expect our income from unconsolidated operations to decline low single digits because of our unfavorable currency impact. Year-to-date, currency has been favorable with an unfavorable impact in the third quarter. We expect the remainder of the year to also be unfavorable. And as I mentioned earlier, we now estimate that our adjusted effective tax rate for the full-year will approximate 21%. And finally, related to our GAAP earnings per share, the net impact of two non-recurring items required by the U.S. Tax Act, the favorable non-cash impact of the revaluation of our U.S. net deferred tax liabilities less the unfavorable impact of the transition tax. This net impact is now expected to be a tax benefit in 2018 of approximately $308 million. Our previous sales growth guidance of 13% to 15% included an 8% incremental impact of the acquisition of the Franks and Frenchs portfolios, underlying base business and new product growth of 3% to 5% from higher volume, product mix and pricing, as well as a 2 percentage points favorable impact due to currency. We now expect to grow sales 12% to 14%, including our updated estimate of only a 1 percentage point favorable impact from currency rates. We are reaffirming our constant currency expected sales growth of 11% to 13%. We expect a low single-digit cost inflation, which combined with CCI and strategy execution on shifting to a more value-added portfolio leads to a 2018 adjusted gross profit margin that is projected to be 175 to 225 basis points higher than 2017. Our previous adjusted operating income growth guidance of 23% to 25% included a 1 percentage point favorable impact from currency rates. We now expect to increase adjusted operating income 22% to 23% from $786 million in 2017, with minimal impact from currency rates. This updated guidance reflects continued increased investments to drive growth. Our cost savings target is, at least, $105 million and we are planning to increase brand marketing at a rate above our sales growth. Our recent guidance for 2018 adjusted earnings per share was $4.85 to $4.95, an increase of 14% to 16% versus our $4.26 adjusted earnings per share in 2017. This range of growth included an estimated 1 percentage point impact from favorable currency rates. Based on the revisions I have just mentioned, we are now increasing our adjusted earnings per share estimate to $4.95 to $5, an increase of 16% to 17% versus 2017, which now includes minimal impact from currency. For the fiscal year, we expect our higher profit and working capital initiatives to lead to another year of strong cash flow. In summary, we are projecting excellent growth in our 2018 constant currency outlook for sales, adjusted operating profit and adjusted earnings per share, following the record double-digit performance across each objective in 2017. Our 2018 GAAP earnings per share range is now projected to be $7.03 to $7.08, which is an increase in our previous estimate of $6.85 to $6.95. There are several projected 2018 adjustments, which are expected to drive our GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation. First, approximately $23 million for integration expenses related to RB Foods, which is in line with our previous estimate; second, approximately $18 million of special charges; and finally, the net impact of two non-recurring items required by the U.S. Tax Act is currently expected to be a tax benefit in 2018 of approximately $308 million. This increase from our previous estimate of $298 million is attributable to deferred tax liability adjustments, driven by the finalization of both our RB Foods purchase accounting and the impact of cash repatriation. The total net impact of these adjustments is anticipated to be a $2.08 favorable impact to our GAAP earnings per share for fiscal 2018. Finally, before we move to your questions, let me recap the key takeaways from our remarks this morning. Our momentum has continued into the third quarter and our core business sales growth has accelerated as planned. With our excellent year-to-date results, the strength of both our core business and our Franks and Frenchs portfolio is evident. We are delivering against our plans for both sales and profit realization and are confident in the effectiveness of our strategies. In light of continued strength in our business, we are confident in our ability to achieve our updated 2018 financial outlook. Now lets turn to your questions.
Operator: Thank you. Well now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from the line of Alexia Howard with AllianceBernstein.
Alexia Howard: Good morning, everyone.
Lawrence Kurzius: Hi, Alexia.
Mike Smith: Good morning.
Alexia Howard: Hi there. So if Im sticking with my one question, can I ask about pricing? I think, last quarter, you had 0.2% pricing come through, but you were talking about strengthening of the pricing in the back-half based on the agreements or the pricing increases that you pushed through. It was up 0.5% this quarter overall. Was that a little lower than expected? Should we expect the pricing to strengthen from here on out, or are you finding that you are having to maybe dial it back a little bit more than you expected in terms of promotional spending? Just curious about that. Thank you, and Ill pass it on.
Mike Smith: Hi, Alexia, its Mike. Ill answer this one. Weve launched our pricing. We talked about it in the second quarter how  particularly in the U.S. how pricing is out. If you really look at Consumer versus Flavor Solutions, on the Flavor Solutions side due to some commodity decreases, there was negative  a small negative pricing. But if you look at the Consumer side, we did see an acceleration on the pricing line, particularly in Americas up 1.3% in the third quarter. So the pricing has gone through.
Alexia Howard: Great. Thank you very much. Ill pass it on.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of David Driscoll with Citi. Please go ahead with your question.
David Driscoll: Great. Thank you. I had a just a quick follow-up here and then a real question. The follow-up is just on gross margins. Is the fourth quarter gross margin going to expand?
Mike Smith: Well, weve seen really great performance in the first three quarters and weve attributed about half of that 290 basis point expansion due to RB Foods and approximately the other half due to the underlying base business. Our guidance for the year of 175 basis points to 225 basis points would suggest that the underlying business would improve in the fourth quarter.
David Driscoll: All right. And then the real question here is on Franks. And apologies, you guys did a lot of color on here. Did I miss it? Did you say what the organic revenue growth was in the quarter for Franks? And then Id just love to hear a little bit more about Franks international potential and when is this going to deliver something meaningful in terms of OI dollars?
Lawrence Kurzius: Great. So Ill start and Ill let Mike follow-up. I dont think that we said what the total organic growth was on Franks. We broke out the acquisition lap as sales from acquisition and then subsequently for the period that would be organic growth, which, by the way, was only two weeks. That goes into our base growth. And then going forward, were not, Dave, were not going to be breaking up Franks and Frenchs organic growth separately. As weve lapped the acquisition, all of that is going to go into our base growth and its going to be treated as base. As weve said, our whole and expectation with Franks is that, it gives us a step change in size and performance, but going forward, we continue with the growth algorithm that weve had out there, which is 4% to 6% top line growth in Franks, and Frenchs would be supportive of that. If there was another part to that question, I missed it.
Mike Smith: I want to go and talk about that. I think, the other thing to think about, we did talk about how, under our ownership in the third quarter, there has been an acceleration of sales versus the previous owner, and year-to-date, weve had a mid single-digit increase for the same period compared to last year.
Lawrence Kurzius: Thats a good point. Ill say that Franks and Frenchs and I dont want to leave Cattlemans out of the mix as well. But that portfolio of brands that we bought from RB Foods has really performed according to our plans. I mean, its been uncannily close. The sales growth that we expected to get, weve gotten. The EPS accretion that we expected to get, weve gotten. Mike, you want to add?
Mike Smith: And I think that your, Dave, your question was about when are we going to get significant international growth.
David Driscoll: Yes, thanks.
Mike Smith: Right. So, for international, weve  I think, we touched on those in our prepared remarks. Weve converted all the distributors over to us. Weve added new distributors in 20 countries, where the brands were not represented previously, and where we have infrastructure, were taking the business actually away from the distributor and converting it to our direct distribution and management. We highlighted India in this call, because it was new and weve really just gone on the shelf with our sales organization in India. And in the last call, we mentioned, in Mexico, through our JV, we have a very substantial presence at retail, a strong sales force. We didnt include it in our prepared remarks. But Ill say here that weve gained some significant retail distribution on Franks in particular in Mexico. Frenchs had pretty good distribution; Franks did not. And weve had some significant distribution gains there. And then, over in the UK, we have a very strong sales organization. We actually merchandised the stores Franks already had some good presence in the market, and weve converted that to our sales organization, where were going to be able  where were continuing to be able to drive it.
David Driscoll: Thats helpful color. Thank you guys so much.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow: Hi. I was hoping to zero in a little more on the change in the operating income guidance. You took down the high-end of the guide when we exclude the currency. And I think, you mentioned higher investment in branded marketing, but I didnt hear any numbers. Did you raise the investment that youre expecting for the year, or are you really just continuing to invest at the same rate that you were going to spend at originally?
Lawrence Kurzius: Yes, I mean, Rob, you saw we had a 36% increase in the third quarter, its pretty significant. Our guidance has been were going to grow our A&P above our net sales growth. We havent given a particular how far above that will be, but weve taken the opportunity and now were at 23% A&P growth versus a sales growth of 17%. So weve taken the opportunity to really drive in the third quarter into the fourth some of these investments to really build  and these are brand-building advertising. Its not promotions, things like that between gross and net. So, these are things were going to build into next year and really get us on a good footing.
Mike Smith: And I will comment, Rob, that our underlying business is really performing according to plan. The changes that we made in guidance were really dropping through the tax and the FX changes that were offsetting and weve dropped the full amount of those through to the EPS line. Were not giving quarterly guidance and there may be some timing issues that exist between market expectations and our own plans that we are letting roll. Were really confident in the guidance that we have given and the level of A&P increase that weve planned may not fully appreciate it as we continue to invest in our business to drive growth. Ill also point out that in raising the guidance, weve also narrowed the range and taken it to the high-end even with that A&P investment.
Robert Moskow: Yes, but Lawrence, its related to a tax benefit that I dont think that repeats next year. In fact, originally, the tax rate was supposed to go up sequentially in 2019. Is that still the expectation?
Lawrence Kurzius: Well, I dont think that were going to give any guidance for 2019 until we get to our next earnings call, when we talk about the end of the year, and well give updated guidance for  well, I should say, well give our first guidance for 2019 then.
Robert Moskow: Okay. Im going to sneak one more, if I could. I think the sales guide requires a pretty big step-up in organic sales growth now that you have RB in the core. It looks like RB grew double digits in the third quarter, probably does it again in fourth. Is that right, that organic sales will have to be like up around 7% in fourth quarter for the sales guide for the year?
Lawrence Kurzius: I think that your math is good and Im not signing up for 7%, but that would be within the range. So we have a pretty wide range on sales growth still. Our fourth quarter is still the strongest quarter of our year. We have a strong seasonality in our business, particularly in the Americas. And so we thats  we typically have a  maybe a wider range around sales growth outlook going into the last quarter of the year than many companies do, just because its still such a large proportion of our total annual sales. Mike?
Mike Smith: And, Rob, I mean, there was some concern, I think, going into that second-half of the year that we were lapping a strong second-half last year. And I think, weve shown with a base business growth  the sales growth of 4% in the third quarter that we were able to lap the strength. So we feel good about the fourth quarter or the full-year guidance of 11% to 13% constant currency.
Robert Moskow: Got it. Okay, thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Tom Palmer: Good morning. Its Tom Palmer on for Ken. Thanks for taking my question.
Lawrence Kurzius: Hi, Tom, go ahead.
Tom Palmer: Thanks. I just wanted to ask on the consumer side. I know a lot of the margin decline was attributable to the marketing spend. But it seems like it was down on kind of a run rate relative to the last few quarters a bit more than just based on marketing. Are there some other items that you could highlight that maybe hit during the quarter? And then maybe comment on their persistence as we look towards the fourth quarter and potentially beyond, if you want to address it.?
Lawrence Kurzius: Yes, I think youre talking about op margin, not gross margin. I think you
Tom Palmer: Yes, yes, op margin.
Lawrence Kurzius: I think, youll see in the results that gross margin continues to expand and OP was down. Id say that the  that there was an offset to the gross margin expansion due to A&P increase and some freight distribution costs, but were not
Mike Smith: A little bit of FX, too, Tom.
Tom Palmer: Right. Thanks. But the vast majority was due to the increase in the Franks marketing to your point.
Tom Palmer: And so as we look towards the fourth quarter, I mean, could it be down year-over-year again on the op margin line for consumer, or do synergies and other items start to offset that?
Lawrence Kurzius: We dont give quarterly guidance, especially by segment. So I think if you just look at the full-year and you can make some assumptions there.
Tom Palmer: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Rob Dickerson with Deutsche Bank. Proceed with your question.
Rob Dickerson: Great. Thank you so much. So, yes, I think Im going to ask the last question just in a different way. There did seem to be a little bit of margin pressure in the Consumer segment in the quarter, despite very impressive top line organic sales growth. But if you just look at the year-over-year in dollars in operating profit, I think, its up around $14 million. And if we think about what that RB contribution likely would have been off of a 9% year-over-year on the top line, it sort of, I think, implies that the base would maybe have been flat to down in Consumer, despite the top line up. So I dont know if Im thinking about that in the right way. Can you just provide some color around base operating profit in Consumer?
Mike Smith: The base was definitely up ex RB. It might even get a little messy because of the two weeks last year and the full impact of RB this year is causing some of the math, I think, in your mind. But operating profit for the base business was definitely up relative to the margin.
Lawrence Kurzius: Yes, and Ill say that your question really is around is there margin pressure on that part of the business, and Im going to have to say no. Weve gotten the pricing through that we expected to get really in the second quarter. So, youre seeing that come through in the third quarter results, and so thats not a pressure point. And I think that the freight cost  freight distribution cost pressure that weve had this quarter is really not a significant change from the prior, and our outlook forward isnt any  theres not pretty meaningful change there either. So Ill just say that were not feeling any margin pressure in that part of the business other than kind of Ill say, the normal commercial tension that exists between the supplier and the customer. But theres not a  I would not characterize that as being under margin pressure.
Rob Dickerson: Okay.
Lawrence Kurzius: And weve made some decisions around spending and investing behind our brands that are different than decisions that have been made by some other CPG companies. So weve leaned into a brand marketing investment thats very consumer-directed to drive the continued growth of our business. Were confident that that spending has a strong ROI. Our holiday advertising or digital advertising are some of our highest-return items, and those are areas where weve leaned in. Were able to start holiday relatively early. Were able to up our digital spending going into the quarter, and so like going through the quarter. And, of course, weve  as weve said all year that we would, were going to introduce marketing campaigns behind Frenchs and Franks, and thats what youre seeing coming through.
Rob Dickerson: Fair enough. Thank you so much.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Steven Strycula with UBS. Please proceed with your questions.
Steven Strycula: Hi, good morning.
Lawrence Kurzius: Good morning.
Steven Strycula: So its good to see a food company investing in brand equity advertising, so congratulations there.
Lawrence Kurzius: Thank you for that.
Steven Strycula: One  Im curious, Lawrence, what is your view when you speak, especially with bringing in new brands such as Frenchs and Franks? What is the temperament from a lot of the retailers right now as to whether they want to see you guys investing in your business and partnering with them between the gross to net sales line, which you were touching on in the last question versus necessarily the brand equity advertising that you appear to be signaling and how you were spending in third quarter and fourth quarter? Any type of context would be helpful, and then I have a follow-up?
Lawrence Kurzius: Yes, Im going to say a comment just Im going to  weve asked everyone to limit themselves to one question, but Im going to give you a three-part answer to it, so sorry for those of you on the call, just roll with me. We may go a minute over here. But first of all, the initial response was terrific to us buying these brands, because retailers expect that were going to make brand-building investments. And some of the incumbent players in these categories who are more focused on, I will say, rev management, taking profitability out of the category, and were not as focused on building our brands. Im not going to name any names, but you can probably imagine who Im talking about. So thats the first thing. The second thing is that as we have introduced the different brand-building ideas and our category management ideas, theyve been strongly embraced by retailers. So the demeanor there has been very positive. Ill say thats true on both the retail side of the business and the food service side of the business. And then the third thing is that the retailers  its not really an A&P question, but its an innovation point. They are appreciating some of the innovation that were bringing to these brands, and in particular, the launch of the frozen wings, which weve for the first time mentioned on this call thats  Ive said that we had a long pipeline of terrific innovation ideas. This is one of them coming to market. That has really been embraced pretty well by the retailers as well.
Steven Strycula: All right. Thank you.
Lawrence Kurzius: Okay.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Akshay Jagdale with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Akshay Jagdale: Hi, can you hear me? Thanks for taking the questions.
Lawrence Kurzius: Yes, can you hear us?
Akshay Jagdale: Yes, I can hear you.
Lawrence Kurzius: Were using a new sound system here, Akshay, by the way, so weve had a couple of little sound hiccups.
Akshay Jagdale: Well, I guess, somehow I knew that telepathically. But anyway, the  I just want to clarify one clarification, which is regarding the EBIT guidance.
Lawrence Kurzius: Yes.
Akshay Jagdale: It sounds like to me and I know you dont want to be specific for competitive reasons. It sounds like to me, the main  the FX neutral EBIT guidance is same. So FX is one of the primary drivers of the adjusted EBIT being down. But the other one, which might be a similar amount or close to that is your brand investments, right? I mean, its a pretty significant increase that youre planning and it looks like youre taking the opportunity to really step on the gas on that. So I feel what youre trying to tell us is that the underlying trends are good and base momentum. So youre investing back in the business more than you previously expected, right? Thats what Im hearing. Is that a fair sort of characterization of what youre trying to communicate?
Mike Smith: Akshay, this is Mike. Id characterize them kind of leaning into the brand building activities towards the end of the year. For those of you who follow us a long time, if we over-deliver on CCI a lot of times, well push it in the brand marketing. So its kind of a similar thing were leaning in and really setting ourselves up great for the fourth quarter next year.
Akshay Jagdale: Got it. And then just one last one on, just one follow-up on the U.S. business. Obviously, the really strong organic sales growth there and good momentum. But if you take a step back and think about sort of the market share issues, et cetera, where are we over like a three-year period? I mean, how much closer are we to being, at least, share neutral all the noise aside? I mean, are we  how do you feel about that?
Lawrence Kurzius: Well, I think that you guys  I want to first of all say that our  yes, I think the market share youre referring to specifically in the herbs and spices category were  while theres still some share erosion, we have closed the gap, I would say that on unmeasured channels were doing. We continue to do well and were confident that were on the right track there. In other categories like a recipe mix category, we are definitely gaining share. And particularly, if you look at the traction that were gaining on the acquired brands in the most recent  I think the most recent data is beginning to show the distribution gains that weve gotten, youre seeing some of the best trends of the year. We talked all year that we expect to have sequential improvement, as we went through the year on our consumer business and in particularly  particular in the Americas. Youve  and thats what youve seen, and I think we feel really good about the guidance that weve got for the year or just for the strong finish to the year and continued strong growth.
Akshay Jagdale: Thank you. Ill pass it on.
Operator: Thank you. Ill now turn the call back to Lawrence Kurzius for closing remarks.
Lawrence Kurzius: Great. Thanks, everyone, for your questions and for participating on todays call. McCormick is a global leader in flavor and were differentiated by a broad and advantaged portfolio, which continues to drive our growth. Were responding readily to changes in the industry with new ideas, innovation and purpose with a keen focus on growth performance and people we continue to perform strong globally and build shareholder value. Im pleased with our strong year-to-date results. Im confident in our continued momentum in the last quarter 2018 to drive even further growth, and I look forward to reporting to you on the shareholder value we will continue to create.
Kasey Jenkins: Thank you, Lawrence, and thanks to all for joining todays call. If you have any further questions regarding todays information, you can reach us at 410-771-7140. This concludes this mornings conference call. Have a nice day.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-06-28 08:00:00) =====
Kasey Jenkins: Good morning. This is Kasey Jenkins, Vice President of McCormick Investor Relations. Thank you for joining today's second quarter earnings call. To accompany this call, we posted set of slides at ir.mccormick.com. Now, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following our remarks, we will begin a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. We will begin with remarks from Lawrence Kurzius, Chairman, President and CEO and Mike Smith, Executive Vice President and CFO. During our remarks, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. These include adjusted operating income, adjusted income tax rate and adjusted earnings per share that exclude the impact of transaction and integration expenses related to the Reckitt Benckiser Foods or RB Foods acquisition, special charges and income taxes excluding certain non-recurring impacts associated with the recently enacted U.S. tax reform which we refer to as the U.S. Tax Act as well as information in constant currency. Reconciliations to the GAAP results are included in this morning's press release and slides. In our comments, certain percentages are rounded. Please refer to our presentation which includes the complete information. As a reminder, today's presentation contains projections and other forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from those projected. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements whether because of new information, future events or other factors. As seen on slide two, our forward-looking statements also provide information on Risk Factors that could affect our financial results. It is now my pleasure to turn the discussion over to Lawrence.
Lawrence Kurzius: Thank you, Kasey. Good morning everyone. Thanks for joining us. With our strong second quarter and first-half results, we are confident we are well-positioned to deliver strong results in 2018. Our successful execution of our strategies and engagement of employees around the world have driven strong double-digit sales, operating profit and EPS growth as well as significant operating margin expansion across both segments in both the second quarter and year-to-date. Starting on page four. We have a broad and advantaged global flavor portfolio which is continuing to drive growth. Among the second quarter highlights across our portfolio, we grew our underlying business in our consumer segment, particularly in the Americas and China. In our flavor solutions segment, we continued to make progress on expanding our portfolio with additional growth in flavors, particularly in savory this quarter, while pruning some low margin business, and we are driving strong broad-based growth in our branded foodservice business. The reshaping of our flavor solutions portfolio is a significant driver of operating margin expansion. In addition to the solid growth on our core business, we are pleased with the Frank's and French's performance and their positive impact on our portfolio of condiments and sauces and branded foodservice. Overall, we are confident that the breadth and reach of our portfolio continues to position us to fully meet the demand for flavor around the world and grow our business. Now let me go into more detail on our second quarter performance on slide five as well as provide some business comments before turning it over to Mike, who will go in more depth on the quarter-end results and discuss our 2018 financial guidance. Starting with our topline for the second quarter, we grew sales 19% and in constant currency grew 16% for the total company. This was driven by strong results from both segments led by the Americas. Base business growth, new products and acquisitions, our three drivers of long-term sales growth, were all contributing factors. Incremental sales from our acquired Frank's and French's brands contributed 13%. In our consumer segment, we grew sales 16% in constant currency and in the flavor solutions segment we grew sales 15% in constant currency. The growth of both segments was led by incremental Frank's and French's sales, which contributed 14% to our consumer segment and 12% to our flavor solutions segment. In addition to our topline growth, our focus on profit realization drove additional adjusted operating income growth and adjusted operating margin expansion with our higher sales, cost savings led by our comprehensive continuous improvement program, CCI and our portfolio shift to more value-added products, including the addition of Frank's and French's, we grew second quarter's adjusted operating income 48% in constant currency and our adjusted operating income margin expanded 330 basis points. Both segments contributed double-digit adjusted operating income growth and a triple digit basis point expansion in adjusted operating margin. We are achieving the margin accretion we expected from the Frank's and French's portfolio and equally as important we are driving significant margin expansion in our core business led by CCI as well as a shift in our portfolio to more value-added products. At the bottom line, our second quarter adjusted earnings per share of $1.02 was 24% higher than the $0.82 in the second quarter of 2017. Our strong growth in adjusted operating income drove this increase partially offset by higher interest expense from debt related to the RB Foods acquisition as well as higher shares outstanding. Our strong results are in line with our expectations and with the increased guidance we provided last quarter and our outlook for 2018 performance remains strong. I would like to turn now to some business updates. I will begin with highlights from our consumer and flavor solutions segments and follow with a fairly deep look at our Frank's and French's portfolio. In the consumer segment, as seen on slide six, we grew sales nearly 16% in constant currency with incremental sales from Frank's and French's contributing 14% and our base business and new product growth contributing 2% driven by the U.S. and China. In the Americas, growth was particularly strong driven by the large impact of Frank's and French's, which contributed 20% growth. Our underlying Americas business grew 2% on both pricing and higher volume and mix. In U.S. spices and seasonings, our IRI data indicates scanner sales through grocery channels grew for the category at 4% and McCormick branded at 3%. Both the category and to a greater extent our consumption was impacted by a slow start to the grilling season driven by cold and wet weather. While we had strong growth in other parts of the portfolio, such as branded recipe mixes, partially due to this cold and wet weather, it did have an unfavorable impact on overall sales. Outside of grocery, we continue to be impacted by a large retailer's decision to convert a control label to private label, along with related promotional and merchandising actions which we have discussed on previous earnings calls reducing McCormick's measured multi-outlet sales growth to 1%. While this decision hurt our branded spices and seasoning share performance, it drove growth in our private label sales. We again had solid branded growth in grocery and growth in unmeasured channels including club, e-commerce, and Hispanic markets. The environment remains dynamic and we continue to work with our customers to optimize category performance. Overall we continue to see good growth in our spice and seasonings brands in the U.S. market and remain confident the initiatives we have underway position us to continue our trajectory of long-term growth. In Europe, Middle East and Africa, the EMEA region, growth was led by France. Year-to-date, France's broad-based growth across both branded and private label has driven this region's growth. In the Asia-Pacific region, our strong sales in China led the consumer segment growth driven by continued share gains on core products as well as e-commerce growth. China's direct-to-consumer storefront on Tmall continues to gain momentum since its launch earlier this year. It is already ranked in the top 15% of food [ph] category at Tmall stores. Our confidence for our consumer segments growth for the second half of 2018 is bolstered by a strong America summer grilling, fall and holiday season with the combined McCormick's and Frank's and French's promotional and merchandising programs, as well as a significant increase in brand marketing, Frank's and French's continued momentum and actions I will mention in my update on that portfolio in a few minutes. Americas new distribution gains secured in spices and seasonings and the full impact of pricing actions effective late in the second quarter, new product growth in the EMEA plus our launch of our first choice brand renovation initiative in addition to significant brand marketing increases related to new products, advertising, and product superiority. And importantly, our products remain well aligned and on-trend with consumer demand for flavorful, healthy eating. Turning now to the flavor solutions segment. We grew sales 15% in constant currency in the second quarter with incremental sales from the Frank's and French's portfolio contributing 12%. In the Americas, constant currency sales growth of 22% was led by 17% from Frank's and French's, 5% growth was driven by strong momentum on flavor and seasoning sales and branded foodservice. Branded foodservice sales growth was broad-based driven by increased distribution with national and regional customers, promotional activity with operators, and expansion in emerging channels. And within flavors, our most significant growth was in on-trend savory flavors where we have been winning with existing business as well as with new products and new customers. In our EMEA and Asia-Pacific regions, we continue to win with our customers through new products and promotional activities and particularly with quick service restaurants. We are continuing to refine and optimize our portfolio, increasing our sales of higher margin flavor business and exiting lower margin business. Across our flavor solutions segment, the migration of our portfolio to more technically insulated and value-added categories will continue in 2018. We have again realized further results against this strategy in our second quarter with flavor sales up double digits in North America. Beyond our strategies to drive sales growth, we will continue to focus on profit realization as is again evident in our second quarter results. Our confidence for our flavor solutions segments growth for the second half of 2018 is bolstered by strong momentum of our flavor growth, particularly in on-trend areas and new product and new customer wins driven by our expertise in clean label and culinary approach, Frank's and French's continued momentum and actions I will discuss in a few moments, growth in branded foodservice driven by expanded distribution and increased marketing activity and customer promotions and wins with quick service restaurant customers through new products and promotional activities. Let's move now from our strong core business results and onto our Frank's and French's portfolio, starting on slide eight. We are pleased with our progress so far and with the results from the Frank's and French's portfolio. With the acquisition and integration complete, we are excited about the impact we are having on these brands and the growth plans we are continuing to successfully execute against. I would like to share now some updates our progress, starting with our North American consumer business. We are successfully growing these brands through strengthening distribution, by leveraging the scale and capabilities of our newly organized sales force, particularly in category management, as well as applying our strength in emerging channels. Starting with the performance of Frank's. As of the end of May, our Fix the Mix initiatives, which focuses on having the right assortment of flavors and sizes on shelf to drive velocity has increased our U.S. total distribution points of original RedHot and Buffalo by 7% and 12%, respectively and we are increasing Frank's share distribution on shelf. One example of how we are driving the increase is through the addition of original RedHot small and large bottle sizes at a significant retailer. These sizes are underdeveloped in the market and are critical for building trials and providing a value offering. An another example, through our investment in a new smaller case pack for recent Frank's line extensions, we were awarded more space at a significant retailer as it allowed a more efficient placement on shelf. These wins drive both our branded and overall category sales growth. We are just beginning to see the benefits of the additional sizes come through the consumption data. From a regional perspective, we have worked with retailers in areas where Frank's is not the market leader and as of the end of May increased our total distribution points in the West by 8% and Midsouth by 7%. These distribution gains on Frank's RedHot sauce and Buffalo sauce create a foundation for growth. Turning to French's mustard. We are seeing success in our initial category management efforts. We are convincing retailers to remove duplicative secondary brands as they work to maximize the efficiency of their shelf space. Our analyses have been well received and retailers, including several large ones, are beginning to implement our recommendations, eliminating lower ranking yellow mustard brands and expanding the share of shelf for French's and their store brand. As we said before, mustard will take a while to turn around but we are pleased with the progress we have made thus far to influence the fundamentals on shelf. After years of declining distribution, we have stabilized overall points of distribution year-to-date and expect to lap the losses we inherited in the second half. We still have many key objectives yet to implement in our category management efforts and continue to dedicate resources and increase capabilities related to mustard category management. We are confident our ongoing focus in this area is driving results. We are also focused on accelerating growth in unmeasured channels and are establishing these brands with early success. While off a small base, we have already realized double-digit growth in this area, including increasing the e-commerce availability of Frank's and French's. While influencing distribution share of shelf and channel participation is a continuous effort, we are pleased with our progress so far. We are in the early stages and have robust plans to further leverage our scale and capabilities to deliver growth. We are also excited about being able to drive stronger promotion and merchandising performance by combining the strength of our entire portfolio. Our first opportunity to leverage increased promotional scale is through the launch of our summer grilling event. U.S. grilling season begins with Memorial Day and heightens during the summer months. This year the grilling season was delayed due to a rainy and cold spring in broad parts of the country. Despite this, we experienced solid May consumption growth across our grilling portfolio including Frank's, French's, Stubb's, Grill Mates and Lawry's products. The summer grilling season has just gotten started and we have planned substantial increases in third quarter grilling promotions and display pallets to drive growth across the portfolio. For the combined Frank's and French's portfolio, this was the best start to summer grilling since 2014 and we are seeing the same if not better performance in Canada where grilling is off to a strong start. We are winning with increased merchandising displays across large retailers. As an example, at one large Canadian retailer consumption of French's was up 79% versus last year's second quarter, driven by an unprecedented level of display. With the same retailer, we also launched a promotional grilling kit to meet grilling flavor needs of the consumer. The kit combines Canada's classic La Grille Montral steak seasoning with Frank's hot sauce, French's mustard and ketchup as well as Stubb's barbecue sauce and new La Grille products for trial. The promotional kit sold out in less than one week. We have also begun to drive an innovation agenda on Frank's and French's. To date, we have launched new SKUs in seasoning and dip mixes and retailer interest and acceptance has exceeded our expectations. As I mentioned it CAGNY, there is an exciting longer term pipeline of new concepts developing and I look forward to sharing details of innovation news in the coming months as we launch these products. We are planning increased marketing support against Frank's and French's, which will be more significant in the second half of 2018 than in the first half. We are just starting to launch new messaging and support for the brands. In April, Canada was our first location to launch a new television commercial with their Do You French? campaign for mustard and ketchup. The commercial received breakthrough scores in consumer testing. In the third quarter, we are launching the first dedicated mustard campaign in the U.S. in three years. This campaign actually kicked off this week. And for Frank's, we are significantly increasing working media in the second half and will be running a U.S. national television ad for the first time in seven years. To date, we have dramatically improved social media engagement by 115% and an exponential increase in online content. For example, our McCormick culinary experts have already created 100 new recipes for mustard usage which we are already promoting across our robust digital platforms, including 15 how-to videos. Wrapping up North America consumer for Frank's and French's, performance in these categories is robust and we are very happy with our results. Next, I am excited share some Frank's and French's updates related to our North American flavor solutions business on slide nine. Our combination of complementary strengths of the McCormick and RB Foods foodservice sales organizations and strengthened our go-to-market model in the North America's flavor solutions business and is enabling us to leverage our full portfolio across operators. Our new scale has created strong momentum within foodservice and over the past months we have had successes in key areas. We are pleased with our progress on increasing penetration with national and regional chain accounts. Through May, we have incremental sales to over 19,000 new restaurant locations, including to more than 10 large national accounts, as well as regional accounts. In addition, we are also gaining momentum with securing and converting local restaurant operations. Deeper penetration across restaurants also includes an increased menu participation and front of house presence. Our successes on menu items have included permanent additions as well as limited time offers and include products across our full portfolio. As an example, we have partnered with a Canadian quick service restaurant to launch a menu item including our Montral steak, Cattlemen's BBQ and French's crispy products. We have also secured menu mentions in both restaurant on-site and television media campaign to build brand awareness with the end consumer through foodservice. Our efforts in increasing front of house presence are not limited to restaurants but cover the full spectrum of the foodservice industry, including business cafeterias, sports venues and lodging. Examples of our early successes include double-digit increases of French's mustard dispenser placements and mid single-digit sales increase across our portfolio of Frank's, French's, OLD BAY and McCormick's Tabletop items. Enabled by our new scale across our commercial teams, we are successfully cross-selling our culinary line McCormick For Chefs and Frank's and French's foodservice items into restaurants. Our foodservice promotional activities are also driving results. With Frank's, we have doubled the operator participation in the King of Wings program anchored in the February and March sports season. We are planning to capitalize in this success and increase Frank's awareness during another high wing consumption period, the beginning of football season by offering King of Wings for the first time in the fall. Further, for North American flavor solutions we are leveraging our product superiority to drive differentiation. Products like our Cattlemen's BBQ sauces provide superior performance and therefore tangible benefits to operators such as the more natural appearance, thicker consistency and better overall application on product. We have strengthened our marketing and selling materials to more prominently emphasize these functional differences and have started leveraging them in our sales efforts. Turning to the international markets on slide 10. We are progressing on integrating the Frank's and French's portfolio into our global network. We are continuing to apply discipline to establish the proper foundation to manage the brand globally, for example, ensuring proper product registration, trademarks and labels. We are also building a more professional presence in the market with a more sophisticated and optimized network and country specific labeling where applicable to enable stronger growth. We have transferred nearly 50 distributors from RB Foods management to McCormick and we have also added new distributors in 14 countries. We are also converting McCormick direct infrastructure where we have scale. As an example in Mexico, we are already utilizing the infrastructure of our joint venture partner. We have established a comarketing program with a leading food company specializing in protein to drive awareness and trial of Frank's. The program is targeting the millennial consumer social eating occasions such as at University's, concerts and sporting events to enjoy wings and other snacks. Overall, we are progressing as we plan to grow these brands and are excited about the momentum we are carrying into the second half of 2018. Now that the integration is behind us, we are even more confident that the combination of our powerful flavor brands will drive significant shareholder value. Mike is now going to provide more details on the financial results for the quarter and on our financial guidance. Before I turn it over to him, let me provide a few summary comments on slide 11. At the foundation of our sales growth is the rising consumer demand for flavor. We are aligned with the consumer's increased interest in bolder flavors, demand for convenience and focus on fresh natural ingredients as well as with emerging purchase drivers such as greater transparency around the sourcing and quality of food. With this increased interest, flavor continues to be an advantaged global category which combined with our execution against effective strategies will drive strong results as we go through the year. We are balancing our resources and efforts to drive sales with our work to lower costs to build fuel for growth and higher margins. Our second quarter financial results across both our consumer and flavor solutions segments are strong. We have confidence in our fiscal year outlook and are well-positioned to deliver another strong year in 2018. Around the world, McCormick employees are driving momentum and success and I thank them for their efforts and engagement. Thank you for your attention and it is now my pleasure to turn it over Mike. Mike?
Mike Smith: Thanks Lawrence and good morning everyone. As Lawrence indicated, we delivered strong growth with our second quarter results. I will begin with a discussion of our results and then follow with comments on our current full year 2018 financial outlook. As seen on slide 13, we grew sales 19% and in constant currency 16%. Acquisitions, pricing and higher volume and product mix each contributed to the increase. Both our consumer and flavor solutions segments delivered strong topline growth driven primarily by the Americas. In addition, we have delivered significant increases in adjusted operating income and adjusted earnings per share as well as significant operating margin expansion. The consumer segment grew sales 16% in constant currency. Our acquisition of the Frank's and French's portfolio contributed 14% of the sales growth. On slide 14, consumer segment sales in the Americas rose 22% in constant currency versus the second quarter of 2017, with 20% of the increase from Frank's and French's incremental sales. The remaining increase was driven by both pricing and higher volume and product mix. Pricing included some incremental impact of 2017 pricing actions as well as actions taken late during the second quarter of 2018. While the colder weather impacted the start to the grilling season, as Lawrence mentioned, it drove volume growth in items such as branded recipe mixes. EMEA consumer sales increased 2% in constant currency driven by sales of Frank's and French's, as well as growth in France led by private label. Partially offsetting these increases was an impact from trade payments to expand distribution in the U.K. We grew consumer sales in the Asia-Pacific region 7% in constant currency led by China base business growth in herbs and spices, ketchup and bouillon. For the consumer segment in total, we grew adjusted operating income 44% to $131 million. In constant currency, adjusted operating income rose 40% from the year-ago period. The impact of sales growth and cost savings more than offset increases in brand marketing and freight costs. We expanded our consumer adjusted operating margin compared to the second quarter of last year by 280 basis points. Turning to our flavor solutions segment in slide 18, starting with sales growth. We grew constant currency sales 15%. Our acquisition of the Frank's and French's portfolio contributed 12% of the sales growth. The remaining growth was driven by both the base business and new products, offset partially by pricing actions across all regions related to the pass-through of certain commodity cost declines in our ingredients business as well as the elimination of some low-margin business. In the Americas, flavor solutions sales increased 22% in constant currency, including a 17% contribution from Frank's and French's and a 5% increase from the base business and new products. This base of new product increase was led by seasonings and branded foodservice sales as well as double-digit growth in savory flavors. It was partially offset by a decline in ingredient sales, attributable to both pricing and the elimination of some low-margin business as well as the global realignment of a major customer sales from the Americas to EMEA. We grew flavor solutions sales in EMEA 3% in constant currency with Frank's and French's contributing 1%. The remaining sales growth was driven by volume and product mix, which included a favorable impact from the global realignment of a major customer sales from the Americas to EMEA, as previously mentioned. Partially offsetting the volume and product mix growth was a decline due to pricing and the timing of customer promotional activity. In the Asia-Pacific region, flavor solutions sales were down 2% in constant currency, driven by the exit of low-margin business in the region as well as commodity cost declines passed through in pricing. New product sales to quick service restaurants in China partially offset these declines. As shown on slide 22, adjusted operating income for the flavor solutions segment ended the quarter up 67% at $77 million with a 3% favorable impact from currency. The increase was driven by favorable impact of higher sales, a shift to more value-added products and the impact of our CCI program. These impacts more than offset increases in brand marketing and freight costs and led to a 420 basis point expansion of adjusted operating margin compared to last year. Across both segments, adjusted operating income, which excludes the integration costs related to RB Foods and special charges, rose 51% in the second quarter from the year-ago period and in constant currency by 48%. This increase includes the impact of increasing our brand marketing in the second quarter. As Lawrence mentioned, our focus on profit realization and the reshaping of our portfolio has driven significant margin expansion. As seen on slide 24, in the second quarter, we increased gross profit margin 340 basis points year-on-year. While this expansion includes an accretion impact from the addition of the Frank's and French's portfolio, the core business was also a significant driver of the margin growth. Our portfolio shift to more value-added products and CCI-led cost savings continued to drive across profit expansion across both our segments. Our selling, general and administrative expense, as a percentage of net sales, increased by 10 basis points from the second quarter of 2017. Leverage from sales growth as well as CCI-led cost savings were more than offset by significant increases in distribution expense, driven by freight. The net impact of the gross margin expansion and the SG&A increase resulted in an adjusted operating margin expansion of 330 basis points from the second quarter of 2017. Below the operating income line, interest expense increased $29 million in the second quarter from the year-ago period, primarily driven by the debt secured for the RB Foods financing. Turning to income taxes on slide 25. Our second quarter adjusted effective tax rate was 22.2% as compared to 23.1% in the year-ago period, which included a favorable impact from a lower U.S. tax rate partially offset by a lower level of favorable discrete items. Our second quarter adjusted rate was lower than anticipated due to discrete tax items. There can be volatility in our rate quarter-to-quarter due to the impact of these discrete items and changes to our forecasted mix of earnings. Income from unconsolidated operations was $7 million compared to $8 million in the second quarter of 2017, a 12% decrease, mainly due to the elimination of higher earnings associated with minority interest. We continue to expect our 2018 income from unconsolidated operations to be comparable to 2017. At the bottom line, as shown on slide 27, second quarter 2018 adjusted earnings per share was $1.02, up 24% from $0.82 for the year-ago period, mainly due to higher adjusted operating income, partially offset by higher interest expense and shares outstanding. On slide 28, we summarize highlights for cash flow and the quarter-end balance sheet. Our cash flow provided from operations was $235 million for the second quarter of 2018 compared to $177 million through the second quarter of 2017. This change was driven by the increase in our net income. We continue to see improvements in our cash conversion cycle, finishing the second quarter at 67 days, down nine days versus our fiscal year-end, primarily driven by our extended terms and inventory programs. We returned $137 million of cash to shareholders through dividends and used $60 million for capital expenditures through the second quarter of 2018. We expect 2018 to be another year of strong cash flow and our priority is to continue to have a balanced use of cash, making investments to drive growth, returning a significant portion to our shareholders through dividends and to pay down debt. Year-to-date, we have made $100 million of prepayment on our three-year term loan secured as part of the RB Foods acquisition financing. This brings our total prepayments to $350 million. Let's now move to our current financial outlook for 2018 on slide 29. Our sales, adjusted operating margin and adjusted earnings per share targets for the year remain unchanged. At the topline, we reaffirm our guidance to grow sales 13% to 15%, including an 8% incremental impact of the acquisition of Frank's and French's and underlying base business and new product growth of 3% to 5% from higher volume, product mix and pricing as well as a two percentage point favorable impact due to currency. Previously, we expected at least $100 million of CCI. We now expect at least $105 million. With our revised CCI guidance, the momentum of our first half gross margin expansion and our continued strategy of shifting to a more value-added portfolio, we are now projecting our 2018 adjusted gross profit margin to be 175 to 225 basis points higher than 2017. This is an increase from our previous projection, which was a 150 to 200 basis point increase versus 2017. We expect this additional favorability to be offset by incremental freight costs. As a reminder, for 2018, we are planning to increase brand marketing at a rate above our sales growth and for the first half of 2018, our brand marketing increase was lower than the rate of our sales growth. We also expect currency favorability to be greater in the first half of the year than in the second half and we have seen more volatility and uncertainty recently. As such, our adjusted operating income increase remains unchanged. We expect to increase adjusted operating income 23% to 25% from $786 million in 2017, which includes a one percentage point impact from favorable currency rates. We reaffirm projected adjusted earnings per share of $4.85 to $4.95, an increase of 14% to 16% versus our $4.26 adjusted earnings per share in 2017. This range of growth includes an estimated one percentage point impact from favorable currency rates. For the fiscal year, we expect our higher profit and working capital initiatives to lead to another year of strong cash flow. In summary, we are projecting excellent growth in our 2018 constant currency outlook for sales, adjusted operating profit and adjusted earnings per share, following record double-digit performance across each objective in 2017. We also reaffirm our 2018 GAAP earnings per share range, which is projected to be $6.85 to $6.95. There are several projected 2018 adjustments which are expected to drive our GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation. First, approximately $23 million for integration expenses related to RB Foods, which is in line with our previous estimate. Second, approximately $18 million of special charges. And finally, the net impact of two nonrecurring items required by the U.S. Tax Act, which is currently expected to be a tax benefit of approximately $298 million in 2018. The total net impact of these adjustments is anticipated to be a $2 favorable impact to our GAAP earnings per share for fiscal 2018. Finally, before we move to your questions, let me recap the key takeaways from our remarks this morning. Our momentum has continued into the second quarter and with our excellent first half results, the strength of both of our core business and our Frank's and French's portfolio is evident. We are delivering against our plans for both sales and profit realization and are confident in the effectiveness of our strategies. And finally, we are reaffirming our strong 2018 outlook for underlying sales, adjusted operating income and adjusted earnings per share growth. Now let's turn to your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow: Hi. Thank you. Good morning. I was curious about --
Lawrence Kurzius: Hi. Good morning Rob
Robert Moskow: Good morning. Mike, I think you said that brand marketing was slower than sales growth in the first half and then it's going to reaccelerate in the back half and then your CCI is a little bit ahead of expectations, but then you said, I think that there's more volatility than you expected and I didn't quite get in what that was. So I guess the question is, did you have to reduce some of the advertising in the second quarter or shift it to take into account that volatility? And then I guess, the follow-up question is, the quarter is so much better than what consensus had, but it sounds like it was just in line with what you were planning and the phasing is different than what the street had forecasted for the year. Is that fair?
Mike Smith: Yes. Rob, as you know, we are performing according to our plans and we really don't give quarterly guidance. So we feel it was a great quarter, as you said. The thing is, you have got to realize that some of this is timing and we talked about A&P. We have under-spent net sales growth year-to-date, but we have always planned for the year, the second half was going to be back-loaded from an A&P perspective. We are launching our first choice advertising late in the third quarter in Europe for our brand relaunch there of our Ducros and Schwartz. We have our French's and Frank's plans and strong grilling across the summer. So the comment about volatility was more around FX. Youre seeing some of the FX rates jumping around the last month or so. That's it. And our FX has been very favorable year-to-date, about 3.5%. We see that going down for the year about 2%.
Robert Moskow: I see. Okay. And then just one follow-up on French's. I think that it sounds like getting the distribution right is being well received by the trade but it's going to take a while to execute. What's the obstacle to getting it done? Like why not just have it done for this year's grilling season? Is it just kind like you have to convince retailer-by-retailer to do it? Or what is it?
Lawrence Kurzius: Well, Rob, this is Lawrence. Well, first of all, I would say we are getting it done. So the change in the distribution that we talked about in our prepared remarks really reflects a lot of real execution that's already happened at retail, especially on Frank's, where we have substantially improved the distribution or the total points of distribution on the Frank's brand and we have made some good progress on mustard really just by stabilizing it, a story that's pretty positive. We inherited some distribution losses there, and the longer-term trend on distribution had been negative as well. So bringing stability to that is a good step in the right direction. Retailers, resetting a shelf operationally is a big deal for them. You do, do it customer-by-customer, but it's a disruption to their stores. And so they tend to have specific windows in which they will do the resets. And so even some of the changes that we have sold to customers and they have accepted haven't unfolded just yet because we are not at the window when they are going to reset that aisle or that section of the store.
Mike Smith: Or the competitor product has to sell through.
Lawrence Kurzius: Yes, exactly. But we have made a lot of progress in this area. I mean I am really pleased with it and there's a lot of runway for continued improvement there. We are really in the early innings of the improvement in distribution on French's and Frank's. They were tremendously under-skewed and under-shelved and the progress that we have made while it is meaningful and we are going to see it in the numbers in the second half, there's a lot more to be had there.
Robert Moskow: Yes. I didn't catch what you said about the competitor. Is the competitor also -- ?
Mike Smith: Yes. Rob, even if you win and as Lawrence said, there are windows you have to reset things, the competitor product is on-shelf that has to sell through. It's still in their supply chain. So that is a natural delay.
Robert Moskow: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Lawrence Kurzius: But there were a few of them or I don't think you have written a note on this, but some of your peers have written notes about noticing some of our competitors disappearing at certain accounts.
Robert Moskow: Well, they are doing a great job, those competitors. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
KenGoldman: Hi. Thank you.
Lawrence Kurzius: Hi Ken. Good morning, by the way.
Ken Goldman: Hi. Good morning everyone. I wanted to ask a couple of things. First, just in the store checks that we do when I put my hat on as a food retail analyst, we have seen, I know you don't want to mention specific customers, but I guess I can. Kroeger, moving some of spice and seasonings products around the store and in some cases, putting spices and seasonings in areas of the store where there's no other food. And I am just wondering, is this something you are seeing on any kind of broad scale? Or are these really, as far as you know and maybe you haven't seen this at all, are these sort of one-off changes in your view? I am just trying to get a sense of whether this is something that we should see as a canary in a coal mine a little bit.
Lawrence Kurzius: So Ken, Kroeger certainly is doing that. I would say that that actually isn't anything new and it's something that we see is pretty widespread practice to put spices and seasonings into secondary locations. It's not abandonment of central sections for spices and seasonings, but putting spices and seasonings into the meat area, taco and so forth with the Hispanic product, some presence in the produce area, these are things that not only does Kroeger do but other accounts do and is actual performance that we sell to retailers to accelerate sales and in fact, we have got specific brands that are designed to live in those other parts of the store over in the produce section, we have Gourmet Garden brand and our Produce Partners brand. For example, Adolph's very often appears over in the meat section. So this kind of secondary placement is not unusual and really part of the health of the category.
Ken Goldman: Yes. I think I asked that question. I could have asked that in a better way. What I really meant was the primary placement has shifted. But I will follow up offline with that.
Lawrence Kurzius: Okay. I would say we are not seeing the primarily placement shift really.
Ken Goldman: Okay. Good. Thank you for that. I appreciate that. And then I wanted to ask, we are looking, obviously, scanner data is becoming less meaningful for a lot of food manufacturers. It seems to be really less meaningful for you as you shift to some alternative customers. But we are seeing that for a number of your brands, not just with season, a number of brands, whether it's Zatarain's, OLD BAY, et cetera, that McCormick is losing distribution points as a company with a major customer. And I don't see a reason really for concern because at the same time that your distribution points are dropping, your velocities are getting a lot better with these brands. But is there anything that you can see in the data or help us understand why your TDP with this particular customer or with any one big customer is rolling over? Or is the data incorrect?
Lawrence Kurzius: Sure. Well, Ken, let me take this in two parts. First of all, there's a syndicated Nielsen report that is widely drawn upon that's kind of a standardized product that they sell to the industry and we have had a disconnect versus that for a long time. It does not accurately track us. And where it does track, we believe, it's tracking the channels that are losing share, not where we are losing share, but that are actually losing share to other channels. And so we think it understates consumption overall, not just for us but for everybody. That's my opinion. I don't have a quantification on that. But what we call unmeasured channels have been outpacing the growth than measured channels for a long time. The second part of that, regarding the distribution point loss on some of the specific items. Yes, there's a statistical artifact in that, when you change your package, the old package shows up in the data and the new package, as if they were two separate items. So in OLD BAY, in particular, which is one of the ones that you mentioned, a year ago, we were converting from the metal tins to BPA-free plastic containers that they are in today. And while that transition was taking place, the syndicated data is reporting those items as if they were two separate things. So a three-ounce OLD BAY package was showing up really kind of as a double count and that has come out of there right now. So noise like that around packaging transitions makes a difference. And it sounds like, that wouldn't be very much on OLD BAY, in particular, that's actually quite a big difference and we haven't lost anything in OLD BAY. It's a great-performing product. And others like Zatarain's, rice mix is a category that is a little bit off trend right now due to carb consumption and TDPs for that entire category have declined and Zatarain's has lost some distribution along with that as consumers have gone more towards protein-based foods and away from carbohydrate-based foods. We will say that Zatarain's has an advantage and that it's more of a dinner mix than a side dish and so people add meat to it when they consume it but there has been some distribution loss on Zatarain's. But if you step back, the changes in distribution that are coming through in the syndicated data around OLD BAY and also on some of the spice items in, what we call the super deal size, reflect packaging changes. And there were also some limited-edition Grill Mate items that were out there a year ago and they have come out. So thus for those, we have actually gained distribution. So if you take that noise out, our points of distribution are actually up, not down.
Ken Goldman: That's really helpful. Thanks very much.
Lawrence Kurzius: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard with AllianceBernstein. Please proceed with your question.
Alexia Howard: Good morning everyone.
Lawrence Kurzius: Good morning Alexia
Alexia Howard: Okay. So one main question and a quick follow-up. Can you elaborate a little bit on how things are going in China? It looks as though the flavor solutions business is under a little bit of pressure sales-wise, but the consumer business is doing well. Is that e-commerce taking off? Or is that in more of the traditional trade? That would be great And then just a quick follow-up. Can you quantify the gross margin impact of the RB Foods acquisition? How much of a benefit has that been since that deal was closed? Thank you.
Lawrence Kurzius: Great. Hi, Alexia, I will take the first half of that and then I will pass it over to Mike to talk about gross margin. But our business in China has been really robust on the consumer side. The majority of the growth that you are seeing over there is still being driven by really base business growth. We have continued to expand distribution, household penetration and we have gained share in every category that we compete in over there on the customer side of the business. So it's a great story. We are having tremendous growth on our new Tmall store, but I will temper that by saying it's still small and these are early days. We have only just opened it this year. So while, it's a contributor to the growth, that's not what the real growth story is in China just yet. On the flavor solutions business, yes, that business is just a choppy, lumpy business and we have a fair degree of customer concentration there. And so customer promotional activity can change the quarter-to-quarter numbers, but the trend line for flavor solutions in our business in China has been positive and continues to be and we have got a very good outlook for that. Mike, do you want to comment on gross margin?
Mike Smith: Yes. I think the thing, just to follow up on your point on China, China flavor solutions actually grew, as we said. But in the rest of the zone, we were exiting some low-margin business as part of our focus on profit realization, but the China underlying flavor solutions business did grow. From a gross margin perspective, you asked a question about the share of the gross margin expansion due to RB Foods versus the core business. I would say approximately on a year-to-date basis, approximately half is from RB and half is focused coming from our core business, with really that focus on CCI and moving more toward value-added products.
Alexia Howard: Very helpful. Thank you very much. I will pass it on.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Chris Growe with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Chris Growe: I just had a couple of questions for you, if I could. The first one will just be in relation to the gross margin. It was up at a stronger rate and you just gave a little color around the sources of that growth. Freight costs are up. It seems like inflation is in line with expectations. I just feel that initially this quarter, you had a little less pricing coming through as well. So I wonder if you could speak about the pricing overall? And then how the effect that could have on the gross margin, given inflation is still in place for the business?
Mike Smith: Good morning Chris. I will take this. This is Mike. From a gross margin perspective and pricing, yes, the pricing that's going through the first half of this year is really related to pricing actions we took in 2017. And we have talked about this in the script late in the second quarter. We have seen some of the pricing will start coming through late in the second quarter and third and fourth quarter will be fully effective. So you will see in the third and fourth quarter, a little bit more from a pricing perspective. But as we said from the beginning of the year, commodity, cost inflation is low single digits and we are passing that on low single-digit price increases. From a margin perspective, as I just mentioned about half of the gross margin improvement is from the core business, half from the RB accretion. We talked about CCI. We put in the $400 million target back in 2016 and we are delivering that. We are delivering this year. And that's why we called the full year to up that at least $105 million, really great performance there across the company. And this continued move to reshape our portfolio really a lot on the flavor solutions side with moving more to the flavor and seasonings and you saw a lift this quarter in the Americas zone, for example, savory flavor's up, seasoning's up. So those are the types of things that really help our core business grow gross margin.
Chris Growe: Okay. And related to that just there was a comment on a couple of the divisions where you are exiting low-margin businesses in flavor solutions. Is there at all a quantifiable drag on the topline? And maybe even commensurately, how much of the incremental margin that non-RB Foods gross margin improvement is coming from that activity, if it's big enough to even cite?
Mike Smith: No. It's build into our guidance for the year. So we don't quantify that, but it is helping our gross margin improvement.
Chris Growe: And how much of a sales drag was that? Is that a large amount of sale drag? Did you walk away from some of these contracts?
Mike Smith: We don't really break that out, Chris. But it's not material, but it's within our guidance for the year from a sales perspective.
Chris Growe: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Rob Dickerson with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Rob Dickerson: Great. Thank you so much. So yes, I guess I have a question that goes back to gross margin as well, but then also as it relates to EPS for the year. So Q1, you had a strong first quarter. It seems like you have a fairly strong second quarter with part of the EPS performance really being driven by better than the market expected on the gross margin side kind of falling through. And then we see you increased your gross margin guidance for the year by, I think, 25 basis points. But then the EPS isn't increasing. So I am just curious around your comments on FX volatility second half versus first half and the increase in marketing more back-half weighted, can you just provide some color as to like why you would not increase your EPS guidance for the year since the first half has been so strong? I guess, that's one. And then two is just if you are running at like 2.5% organic sales for the first half of the year, but the year implied 3% to 5%, that I am assuming we should still be expecting a decent step-up in the back-half to get us to that 3% to 5%? Thanks.
Mike Smith: Right. There's a lot in there to unpick, Rob, but that's fine.
Rob Dickerson: Sorry about that.
Mike Smith: That's all right. No and you hit on a couple of points that I mentioned. But one thing, gross margins are up and part of that was due to our CCI efforts calling that up by $5 million. But on the SG&A line, where we classify freight unlike a lot of our peers, freight is up versus last year. So we didn't get leverage on our SG&A as we have done in the past due to that freight increases and we will see that continue into the third and fourth quarter. The other thing we mentioned, we are continuing to reinvest in our business and the A&P increase in the second half will be above the rate of sales. So that all plays into our full year guidance. Everything is baked into our range of $485 million to $495 million. And the FX, as you pointed out and I think, on a note, we were very favorable year-to-date and then the rest of the year, it will be somewhat neutral, but that's also impacting the second half growth rate.
Lawrence Kurzius: Right. And I will just add to that, that our year is progressing as we have planned. We did just increase guidance last quarter and we still have our two biggest quarters ahead of us. And so I think we are comfortable with where everybody's models for the year are settled.
Rob Dickerson: Okay. Fair enough. And then just one quick question on the pricing. I am just curious, I think I heard you mention promotional activity in different parts of the world. So I know pricing is coming through in certain categories, I assume in the Americas in the back half. So one is, do you feel like there's potentially a little bit increased promotional activity in the market at this point, one? And then two, was there any volume component that kind of offset some of that pricing this quarter or maybe in Q3? Thanks.
Lawrence Kurzius: Rob, Lawrence here. I don't think that that wasn't what we were trying to message at all. I think what we are messaging is that first of all, the second half of the year seasonally is the strongest part of the year and so our promotional activity is higher overall and that our plans for the year always included an acceleration of marketing activity. As we got into the second half the year, I would say that is particularly true. On the Frank's and French's business, where a year ago we just acquired the business and really hadn't had a chance to impact the consumer marketing program during that high season. So that's all that we are trying to signal there. I think that on pricing, the message is that we have got the pricing that we were intending to take, we got not only negotiated but actually in place towards the end of the second quarter and so we would expect that to be a net benefit in the second half.
Mike Smith: Yes. Other thing, Rob, the promotional activity, we might have been referring to in the script, really we talked about flavor solutions, the customers have different promotion schedules, so that impacts the timing of sales.
Rob Dickerson: Fair enough. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Adam Samuelson: Yes. Thanks. Good morning everyone. Two questions. I guess first, in the flavor solutions business, help me, I mean the margin expansion here has been quite considerable and just again trying to think about how mix between RB Foods and just some of the conscious to mix changes that you have undertaken in your base business have impacted it? And may be a little more color on the growth that you are seeing between the flavors and branded foodservice versus your ingredients businesses? That would be the first question.
Mike Smith: Sure. Adam, this is Mike. Similar to the question that Alexia asked, for the whole company and for the segments, roughly about half of the accretion on gross margins is coming from the base business and half is coming from the RB Foods accretion. So it works out that way. Go ahead.
Adam Samuelson: No, I was going to say and so is the rest more CCI? Or is it conscious mix changes in your own legacy business between branded foodservice flavors and some of the lower margin ingredients that you had before?
Mike Smith: It's really both. I mean, CCI really falls across both segments, but it impacts flavor solutions heavily. But the conscious decisions we are making on the ingredient business also really focusing on flavors and seasonings and branded foodservice, which has also performed very well, both on the core business and then the Frank's and French's business too. So they are all leverage we are pulling to help us.
Adam Samuelson: Okay. And then just more broadly and it's hard to parse given the old reporting and how it's now split. But RB Foods kind of in aggregate on its own, what was its organic growth in the second quarter, if you have that number?
Lawrence Kurzius: I don't think that we are saying that, but the full amount of the sales, of course, is visible because the sales attributable to acquisition are 100% from RB Foods. I will say that RB is tracking uncannily close to our original acquisition model and --
Mike Smith: Which Lawrence said in the first quarter too.
Lawrence Kurzius: Yes, I know it is but it is uncanny how close it is which included some pretty aggressive growth as we go through this year. So we are really pleased with it, but we are not quantifying that. And there's a reason for that and that's because when we get to fourth quarter, it's going to drop into base business. And as we go forward, we are not going to be reporting on it separately. It will fall into the segments. And so it just seems like providing that visibility during this period of time would just be an unnecessary amount of detail. But you can see in the overall sales growth and in margins performance that we are getting good results there.
Adam Samuelson: Okay. And I guess along similar lines, you are not disclosing the actual realized synergies to date on the acquisition?
Lawrence Kurzius: No. But we have said this year, that we are progressing, we are getting higher than we originally thought. We are not quantifying it, but we are progressing well. At some point during the year, we will quantify it, but not yet. This is kind of a broad question, even back to why we aren't calling up our guidance. We are only about 40% through the year from an earnings perspective. Our big two quarters are coming up. So it's something, I think, in the third quarter, we will have more news.
Adam Samuelson: Okay. I appreciate the color. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jonathan Feeney with Consumer Edge Research. Please proceed with your question.
Jonathan Feeney: Good morning. Thanks for the question.
Lawrence Kurzius: Good morning.
Jonathan Feeney: Hello. I wanted to ask about, I know you are not going to give us the apples-to-apples sales and volume for Frank's and French's, but you did give us some comments earlier in the call about some impressive distribution gains there and I really wanted to dig into, first of all, if you could comment as to whether those distribution gains on a regional basis and a national basis are an acceleration from what had previously been going on? I would imagine the answer to that question is yes, but please correct me if I am wrong about that. And I wondered what is it that you are doing to drive that? Are there some analytics there that you have that others don't? Or did you approached it in a different way? Like how would you bucket the success you are having with that because I think it applies broadly to what's going on with innovation in your company broadly? Thanks.
Lawrence Kurzius: Hi. Great. Thanks, Jonathan. One of the things that we have got that the previous owner didn't have is that we have got tremendous category management capability. I mean, Reckitt Benckiser, that was a fabulous company. In their core categories, they have got tremendous capability, but this was not one of their core categories. They regarded this as an off-strategy business and so it didn't get the resources that the other brands in that company got. And their category management capabilities were frankly pretty rudimentary. Today's category management exercises require specialized tools, it requires a lot of data and it requires talent, all of which are expensive and require substantial scale to work. And so, their competitor was able to push them around at the shelf pretty handily for the last three years before we bought the business. And we have been able to successfully now push back against that. As an example, in many customers, French's mustard has the same shelf presence as, let's say, the other brand that's out there, but at three to four times the velocity. I mean, the competing brand doesn't deserve equal presence. Customers have been very responsive to the fact that French's is under-shelved and under-skewed and that the competitor's brands are over-shelved, over-skewed and may not even deserve to be there in the first place. And so that's a selling story that it's a customer-by-customer selling story, but they have been very receptive to it. The data totally supports it and we have been pretty credible. This is an area that's been historically a strength for McCormick. We have really built a lot of muscle in this capability over the last several years. And so I think we are able to push back pretty effectively. The gain, so far, are really pleasing. We again believe are not at the end of the story. There's a lot more runway still here to improve our shelf presence and share of shelves.
Mike Smith: The other thing we bring to it and Lawrence mentioned this, but in the third quarter, we have anew French's advertising campaign. That would be the first time in several years. So that will help further drive growth.
Lawrence Kurzius: Right. So while we have done a great job on the shelf in the first half of the year, I think as we get through the second half and start introducing the new advertising, we are going to see consumer response be really good.
Jonathan Feeney: Thank you.
Lawrence Kurzius: That French's campaign actually just started this week. So it's in the market now.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Akshay Jagdale with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Akshay Jagdale: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for the question and congrats on a solid quarter.
Lawrence Kurzius: Thanks.
Akshay Jagdale: Can you hear me?
Lawrence Kurzius: Yes.
Akshay Jagdale: Okay. So I wanted to ask about the organic growth. So the acceleration that's expected in the second half, is that primarily pricing? Or does that include some of the distribution gains on the base business that we are not aware of?
Lawrence Kurzius: Hi, Akshay, this is Lawrence. And it's not just pricing. Pricing is part of it. But we have a much stronger A&P plan in the second half of the year compared to the first, as Mike mentioned. For the first half of the year, our A&P spending, while it's up, is not up equal to our sales growth, but for the full year, we expect the company spending on A&P growth to be higher than sales growth. So implied in that is pretty strong acceleration of A&P spending in the second half of the year and that is our highest consumption period. And so I think that real consumer offtake driven by our marketing programs is one of the main factors. That and pricing. And we have distribution gains that we have won that haven't been fully reflected at the shelf in the first half of the year and indeed some of which are still even in the process of being implemented that give us a lot of confidence in the second half of the year, especially going into the fourth quarter. And then in the fourth quarter, remember that Frank's and French's will be part of that core business and we are going to be lapping some of the fourth quarter supply chain issues from last year. So we are expecting a very robust fourth quarter from that really good point.
Akshay Jagdale: Okay. And then just on the category management, obviously it's playing through quite nicely it look likes in the acquired business. But in the base business, my question on category management was the larger customer as you have seen, obviously, some strategic initiatives from them as it relates to private label and planned conversion and some promotion that I think have not been in line with what you would have suggested. So can you give us an update on that? And how that's shaping up? I mean, should we expect that the new shelf resets a different strategy? And the reason I am asking is obviously this has some huge impact from external data. But I am just wondering if you have enough data in that regard?
Lawrence Kurzius: Well, I think, that our category management efforts are reinforcing on a competitive dynamic that we see in the market right now where the leading brand is gaining and private label is gaining. And if you are thinking of herbs, spices and seasonings in particular, this is a category where we make both. And so our category management efforts have been around accelerating the growth of those two and that's put pressure on everything that's in the middle. The numbers there are distorted by a new low by one large customer that we have talked about at some length. I am not going to repeat all that stuff. But if you look at the total grocery trends, our IRI scanner shows that we are pretty close to keeping pace with the category and I think our category management efforts there have been pretty successful.
Akshay Jagdale: And just one last one on the acquired business. Again, it's hard for us to really track the unmeasured data, but from your comment it looks like everything is right on track despite the late start to the grilling season. So can you help me marry those two because I am assuming you didn't foresee a late grilling season, but it sounds like if it weren't for a late grilling season, the numbers would have been even better and it's just a timing issue. Is that a fair way to think about it?
Lawrence Kurzius: Well, I won't say that it's just a timing issue. But certainly, if we hadn't had a later start to the grilling season, I mean, March and April were cold and wet across the East and the South and that's where a lot of our consumption is. That consumption has gone. So that's not going to repeat. But yes, if it weren't for that, I think we would have been even stronger. I don't think that that really manifests itself so much on the French's and Frank's portfolio as much as it does on our core grilling products. Well, actually for French's and Frank's, this is the strongest start to the grilling season that they have had since the competitive product was introduced. This is the first time that those brands have gained volume during that period.
Akshay Jagdale: Okay. I will pass it on. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from the line of Steven Strycula with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Steven Strycula: Hi. Good morning.
Lawrence Kurzius: Good morning.
Steven Strycula: So I have a strategic question, Lawrence, for you, I wanted to understand for the United States and for France. What have some of the retail learnings been as they have maybe rotated and done a few this labeling change over to private-label. Has category value suffered at all from these decisions? And how do you kind of interpret the recent trend line in that direction? And then I have a quick follow-up. Thank you.
Lawrence Kurzius: Okay. Well, that's an interesting question. For us, the change that happened for our brand, it was already an entry price point item. And so the transition from that entry price point economy brand to a private label really wasn't a category devaluing event. It wasn't a margin devaluing event for us either. The thing that has been category devaluing really within that customer has been some intense promotional activity that they have put against that item that occurred most intensely during, say, through fourth quarter and first quarter of last year. And as we lap that, I think we will see some improvement there. But that's the case for us. I really don't know what the answer to that is more broadly.
Steven Strycula: Okay. That's helpful. And then in the U.K., last year we saw some retailer action to just take net distribution out of the category for general merchandise. Has there been any thought process on to that coming back your way or to the category's way by any means? And then to wrap it up, just wanted to understand, if you guys do a little bit of private-label manufacturing for herbs and spices, is that to say that part of the commercial strategy in condiments might be to do the same for select retailers? Thank you.
Lawrence Kurzius: Okay. So there are two questions. Well, first of all, in the U.K., we are coming up on the lap of that distribution change and so certainly, that won't be the negative impact that it has been. But on the other hand, I don't want to speculate in advance about what the change in distribution we might get with them going forward. As far as the condiment private label, I think that's something we would have to think long and hard about. That is not a business that we are in right now. We have provided private label in our urban spice category because it's a very complicated category to manage and we have tried to offer the customer a full category solution for the category. It's got hundreds of SKUs and it's very challenging to manage. Condiment is a little bit different than that. So I think we got to think long and hard about that. That's not a business we are in right now.
Steven Strycula: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We have reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the call back over to Mr. Kurzius for any closing remarks.
Lawrence Kurzius: Thanks everyone. I would like to thank everyone for your questions and I would like to apologize for those who are still in the queue. We have gone 15 minutes over and we do still have questions in the queue. So my apologies to those that we didn't get to and I would like to thank everyone who participated on today's call. McCormick is a global leader in flavor and we are differentiated with a broad advantaged portfolio which continues to drive growth. We are responding readily to changes in the industry with new ideas, innovation and purpose. With a keen focus on growth, performance and people, we continue to perform strong globally and build shareholder value. I am pleased with the strong results for the first half of the year and I am confident in our continuing momentum for growth in 2018. I look forward to reporting to you on the shareholder value we will continue to create. For those of you who are in the U.S., have a great Fourth of July and wherever you are, go out and grill something with lots of seasonings and top it off with French's and Frank's. Thank you.
Kasey Jenkins: Thank you, Lawrence and thanks to all for joining today's call. If you have any further questions regarding today's information, you can reach us at 410-771-7140. That concludes this morning's conference call. Thank you.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-03-27 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Kasey Jenkins - Vice President of Investor Relations Lawrence Kurzius - President and Chief Executive Officer Michael Smith - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Alexia Howard - Bernstein Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Christopher Growe - Stifel Nicolaus Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs Brett Hundley - The Vertical Group Robert Dickerson - Deustche Bank Akshay Jagdale - Jefferies & CO
Kasey Jenkins: Good morning. This is Kasey Jenkins, Vice President of McCormick Investor Relations. Thank you for joining today's First Quarter Earnings Call. To accompany this call, we posted set of slides at ir.mccormick.com. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Following our remarks, we will begin a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. We will begin with remarks from Lawrence Kurzius, Chairman, President and CEO; and Mike Smith, Executive Vice President and CFO. During our remarks, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. These include adjusted operating income, adjusted income tax rate and adjusted earnings per share that exclude the impact of transaction and integration expenses related to the Reckitt Benckiser Foods or RB Foods acquisition, special charges and income taxes excluding certain non-recurring impact associated with the recently enacted tax reform which we refer to as the U.S. Tax Act as well as information in constant currency. Reconciliations to the GAAP results are included in this morning's press release and slides. In our comments, certain percentages are rounded, please refer to our presentation which includes the complete information. As a reminder, today's presentation contains projections and other forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from those projected. The Company undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements whether because of new information, future events, or other factors. As seen on Slide 2, our forward-looking statements also provides information on Risk Factors that could affect our financial results. It is now my pleasure to turn the discussion over to Lawrence.
Lawrence Kurzius: Thank you, Kasey. Good morning everyone. Thanks for joining us. Our first quarter results were our great start to the year, delivering strong sales, operating income and earnings per share growth as well as significant margin expansion. Our successful execution of our strategies and engagement of employees around the world have driven these results across both of our segments and we are confident, they will continue to drive strong results as we go through the year. McCormicks business platform is growing an advantage as seen on Slide 4, across all regions and categories, McCormick is flavoring food and beverages. Among the first quarter highlights across our portfolio, we are pleased with Franks RedHot and Frenchs performance and the impact they have on our portfolio of condiments & sauces and branded foodservice. Further progress has been made on expanding our Flavor Solutions portfolio with additional growth in flavors while proving some low margin business. We are also continuing to win with restaurant customers with new products in all of our regions. In our consumer segment, we continue to grow our underlying business in every region. We are confident that the breadth and reach of our portfolio continues to position us to fully meet the demand for flavor around the world and grow our business. Now let me go into more detail of our first quarter performance on Slide 5, as well as provide some business comments before turning it over to Mike who will in more depth on the quarter end results and our update to 2018 financial guidance. As we said on our year-end earnings call in January and at CAGNY in February, we have confidence in our strategies and are well positioned to deliver strong results in 2018. You can see this beginning to come through in our first quarter performance with strong double-digit sales growth, operating profit growth, margin growth and EPS growth. Starting with our top-line for the first quarter, we grew sales 19% with a 4% benefit from favorable foreign currency. In constant currency, sales grew 15% for the total Company with strong results across both segments across each of our three regions. Base business growth, new products and acquisitions are three drivers of long-term sales growth, are all contributing factors. Incremental sales for acquisitions, RB Foods, and to a much smaller extent Giotti, contributed 12%. In our consumer segment we grew sales nearly 15% in constant currency led by incremental sale from RB Foods which contributed 13% growth. The Flavor Solutions segment grew sales 15% in constant currency with incremental sales from RB Foods and Giotti contributing 12%. In addition to our top-line growth, our focus on profit realization drove additional adjusted operating income growth and adjusted operating margin expansion with our higher sales, cost savings led by our Comprehensive Continuous Improvement program CCI and our portfolio shift to more value-added products including the addition of Franks and Frenchs. We grew the first quarters adjusted operating income 38% in constant currency and our adjusted operating income margin expanded 250 basis points. Both segments contributed double-digit adjusted operating income growth and a triple-digit basis points expansion in adjusted operating margin. At the bottom-line, our first quarter adjusted earnings per share of $1 was 32% higher than the $0.76 in the first quarter of 2017. Our strong growth in adjusted operating income and a lower tax rate drove this increase partly offset by higher interest expense from debt related to the RB Foods acquisition as well as higher shares outstanding. Our sales follow seasonal pattern, with the first quarter is generally the lightest in most of our product categories. Our strong results are in line with our expectations and the guidance we have provided and our outlook for 2018 performance remains strong and unchanged. We do however now expect greater sales impact from favorable currency rates and we have recognized discrete tax benefits. As Mike will discuss shortly, we are raising our guidance for sales and adjusted EPS accordingly. Now I would like to turn to our business update and lets begin with our Franks and Frenchs portfolio on Slide 6. We continue to be pleased with our progress and with the early results from Franks and Frenchs. On February 1st, we successfully cut over it to our systems. We completed our transition services agreement with Reckitt Benckiser earlier this month and we now have full control of the operations. We continue to be on-track to achieve $50 million of cost synergies realizing the majority by 2020. As we mentioned at our January earnings call, our 2018 synergies are pacing ahead of expectations. In the first quarter of 2018, both Frank's Red Hot and French's Consumption continue to be impacted by the previous owners planned reductions and trade support and promotional activities, which we mentioned on our January earnings call. With that said, our first quarter Frank's and French's results are in line with our plans. We are off to a great start. We're excited about our planned programs, growth opportunity and the impact we will make on these brands starting with the grilling season. At CAGNY last month, I shared some of our plans related to Frank's and French's. And I would like to reiterate a summarized version of them. We are increasing the fuel to drive Frank's Red Hot. Despite, being number one in hot sauce, we believe there are remains significant upside for Frank's in awareness, trial and household penetration. We will strengthen working media and regional programs behind a proven irreverent campaign to build awareness and trial. Frank's under indexes on the store shelf, utilizing our category management we are already increasing distribution points. We have had great acceptance of promotional plans by customers too and we plan to drive core innovation on new flavors and expand beyond liquid flavor with the line of dry seasoning, recipe mixes and refrigerated dish. There was an exciting longer term pipeline of new concepts developing too. Frank's also had almost no e-commerce presence and we're building this exciting brand into our e-commerce efforts as well. Reenergizing French's Mustard category leadership is already underway. We're launching a new consumer campaign that reinforces French's preferred flavor being the trusted family favorite and roots as a pure product which we will support with increased working media. We're applying a category management focus to improve distribution and share of shelf, realign shelf pricing and increase levels of quality merchandizing. We already have some early wins with key customers. We will increase innovation and we will go beyond the bun and reframe mustard as better for you with McCormick's proven ability to drive flavor and recipe trends with consumers.
Operator: We are well positioned to capitalize on the opportunities for growth and cost savings now. Our enthusiasm across the organization for this acquisition and are confident that a combination of our powerful brands will deliver significant shareholder value only continues to strengthen. In the Consumer segment. We grew sales nearly 15% in constant currency with incremental sales from RB Foods contributing 13% and our base business and new product growth contributing 2% with growth in every region. In the Americas, growth was particularly strong driven by the large impact of RB Food's brands which contributed 20% growth. Our underlying Americas' business grew almost 2% on both higher volume and mix and pricing and we believe undershipped consumer consumption due to trade inventory reductions. In the U.S. spices and seasonings our IRI data indicates scanner sales through grocery channels for the category and McCormick branded were both over 4%. Outside of grocery, a large retailers decision to convert a control label to private label, along with related promotional and merchandizing actions which we discussed on our January earnings call reduced McCormicks multi-outlet sales growth to 2%. While this decision further branded spices and seasonings share performance it drove growth in our private label sales. We again had strong branded growth in grocery and strong growth in unmeasured channels including club, e-commerce and Hispanic markets as well as another areas of the portfolio. The environment remains dynamic and we continue to work with our customers to optimize category performance. Overall, we continue to see good growth in our spice and seasoning brands in the U.S. market and know we have more room to grow. We remain confident in the initiatives we have underway to position us to continue our trajectory of long-term growth. In Europe, Middle East and Africa, the EMEA region growth was led by France which had broad based growth across the portfolio branded and private label. Our loss last year of organic core herbs and spices and homemade dessert products in France has been very successful. Our rate of sale was approximately 60% higher than a main organic competitor on both our Ducros and Vahine brands. Our extension of Thai Kitchen into France to capitalize on the fast growing ethnic food trend has also contributed nicely to growth. In the Asia Pacific region, our strong sales in China led consumer segment growth driven by a strong Chinese New Year promotion as well as the e-commerce growth. India has also continued their momentum on spices and seasoning. Across our Consumer segment, we are differentiating our brands and building capability. In 2018, we are continuing to drive growth through additional investments in brand marketing, category management and analytical capability and of course innovation in new products. We have a robust global pipeline of consumer innovation and new products being introduced in 2018 as seen starting on Slide 8. We are strengthening our spices and seasoning leadership through packaging innovation in the U.S. and in EMEA. In the U.S. this year, we will launch digitally connected labels with new graphics. This graphics update contemporizes the look of McCormick red cap at the shelf and will be digitally scanable allowing consumer through their smartphones to immediately connect to our own sites for information on everything from transparency and sourcing of our ingredient to usage ideas and inspiration. Our Schwartz brands in the UK and Ducros brand in France will be launching our first choice packaging initiative, a major structural and design change. Consumers prefer the modern feel and functional design of the new glass bottle and closure. It features a transparency and quality of the spices and herbs inside while also utilizing a new closure that reinforces freshness use-after-use. We are expanding our organic range even further. In the U.S., we will be launching black pepper and product and following our success in France, we will launch organic product in the UK and Poland and we are introducing new flavors and varieties. Consumers are looking for easy ways to make their favorite dishes and explore new flavors. Seasoning blends are becoming more popular to deliver both this convenience and added creative flare to any dish. Additionally, consumers are looking to for the right sizes in packaging formats to take the risk out of experimenting with new flavors or to find value in something they already use. Some examples of our launches to meet these demand include a line of all purpose blend in the U.S. and combine a few simple ingredients into innovative seasoning and in Canada a similar line of Club House signature blend. With a fresh approach to black pepper, we are introducing a range of pepper items in the UK segmented by flavor and heat level. In China, we are strengthening our range of spices and herbs with the re-launch of our Grinders. While in Australia, we will be launching seasoning mixes to combine with meats and vegetables in a convenient one dish trade bake meal. And for trial on value in the U.S., we are launching McCormick Gourmet Flavor Forecast seasonings in small size re-sealable pouches as well as larger sizes of our popular Grillmates Rubs. We are also continuing to drive growth globally through e-commerce across pure play with brick and mortar customers and direct-to-consumer. We are continuing to make further investments to drive content, expand resources to support acceleration and develop programs and items retailer to this channel. We had strong double-digit growth and e-commerce in the quarter and following the launch of Chinas direct-to-consumer storefront on Tmall. We are designing products for this platform such as one pot rice cooker seasoning which will be available soon on the storefront. As we announced at the recent CAGNY conference and shown on Slide 10. We are reintroducing our industrial segment at Flavor Solutions and I would like to reiterate the key points for this change today. McCormick Flavor Solutions is a culinary inspired flavor business. We have deep understanding of the consumer experience of flavor for real food and natural ingredients and leading technology that delivers consumer preferred solutions for our customers. We are not a bulk herb and spice or commodity business, we are one of the top global flavor suppliers to the food industry today. Our culinary approach to flavor development sets us apart. We have a world class global culinary team of executive and research chefs, mixologists and culinary nutritionists who are closely with our customers and innovation teams. They excel at translating global trends into prototypes that meet the customers unique requirements and deliver superior and differentiated flavor experiences. Our deep expertise and the consumer experience of real food and beverage is central to all of our innovation and our success. Starting with real food and beverage, our Flavor Solutions segment produces authentic, complex, natural Flavor Solutions that resonate with consumers. Flavor development at McCormick combines the art of creating iconic flavor authenticity with a science of delivering a superior eating experience. Todays consumers are demanding transparency and flavor thats natural and clean. Our Flavor Solutions segment provides simple transparent solutions to deliver the results our customer needs. We continue to work side-by-side with our customers to help them in their quest to reduce or eliminate MSG, sodium, sugar, fat and artificial ingredients from their iconic products. Because our approach to clean is routed in our expertise and the science of food and natural ingredients. The proprietary technology platform that we have built enables us to solve these issues without sacrificing the winning flavor profile that makes the product successful. For us, clean flavor really does mean clean flavor. Our strength in customer intimacy is also a key differentiator for Flavor Solutions. Innovation that really delivers against customers brand promise requires both the deep understanding of the customers unique goals and challenges and an exceptional ability to collaborate. Whether our partnering with the global or mid-tier customer, our focus is on ensuring best-in-class collaboration experience. It is for these reason that new products are a significant growth driver. So Flavor Solutions segment grew sales 15% in constant currency in the first quarter with incremental sales from RB Foods and Giotti contributing 12%. In the Americas, we increased sales of flavors with new products and continued momentum of or branded food service and Mexico snack seasonings growth. In our EMEA and Asia-Pacific regions, we continue to win with our customers through new products and promotional activities particularly with quick service restaurants. We are continuing to refine and optimize our portfolio, increasing our sales of higher margin flavors and exiting lower margin business. Across our Flavor Solutions segment, the migration of our portfolio to more technically insulated and value-added categories will continue in 2018. We have already realized further results against this strategy in our first quarter, with flavor sales up double-digits in North America. Beyond our strategies to drive sales growth, we will continue to focus on profit realization as is evident in our first quarter results. Now I would like to highlight some recent news on Slide 12. Our performance is not just evident in our financial results, we're also doing the right thing for people, communities and our planet. We have been recognized as a leader in sustainability, named for the second year in a row, the number one ranked Food Products Company on the Global Sustainability Index at the 2018 Davos World Economic Forum and in February, we were also recognized on Barron's inaugural 100 Most Sustainable companies. Our power of people principle embodies our commitment to our employees and our high-performance culture routed in respect for their contributions and our shared values. Keeping McCormick a great place to work is one of our priorities along with remaining competitive in the marketplace. As such we are investing a portion of the benefit of the U.S. Tax Act into a bonus of $1,000 in wage adjustments for the majority of our U.S. hourly employees. Mike is now going to provide some more details on the financial results for the quarter and on our financial guidance, but before I turn it over to him, let me provide a few summary comments on Slide 13. At the foundation of our sales growth, is the rising consumer demand for flavor. We are aligned with the consumers increased interest in bolder flavors, demand for convenience and focus on fresh natural ingredients as well as with emerging purchase drivers such as greater transparency around the sourcing and quality of food. With this increased interest, flavor continues to be an advantaged global category which combined with our execution against effective strategies will drive strong results as we go through the year. We're balancing our resources and efforts to drive sales with our work to lower costs to build fuel for growth and higher margins. Our first quarter financial results across both our consumer and Flavor Solutions segment were a strong start to the year. We have confidence in our fiscal year outlook and are well positioned to deliver another strong year in 2018. Around the world, McCormick employees are driving momentum and success and I thank them for their efforts and for their engagement. Thank you for your attention and it is now my pleasure to turn it over to Mike.
Michael Smith: Thanks, Lawrence, and good morning everyone. As Lawrence indicated, we delivered strong growth with our first quarter results. I will begin with a discussion of our results and then follow with comments on our current full-year 2018 financial outlook. As seen on Slide 15, we grew sales 19%, including a 4% favorable impact from currency, acquisitions, pricing and higher volume and product mix each contributed to the increase. Both our Consumer and Flavor Solutions segments delivered strong top-line growth with increases in all three regions within both segments. We have also started the year with significant increases in adjusted operating income and adjusted earnings per share as well as significant operating margin expansion. The consumer segment grew sales 15% in constant currency. Our acquisition of RB Foods contributed 13% of the sales growth. On Slide 16, consumer segment sales in the Americas rose nearly 22% in constant currency versus the first quarter of 2017, with 20% of the increase from the acquisition of RB Foods. The remaining increase was driven by pricing related to the incremental impact of 2017 pricing actions and higher volume and product mix. EMEA consumer sales increased 1% in constant currency. The sales growth was driven by growth in France within both our branded portfolio and private label as well as the acquisition of RB Foods. Partially offsetting these increases was an impact from the timing of trade promotional activities. We grew consumer sales in the Asia Pacific region 6% in constant currency. In China, sales increases were driven by successful Chinese New Year holiday promotions. Sales growth in India was led by increased sales from our new consumer spice mixes. For the Consumer segment in total, we grew adjusted operating income of 35% to $132 million. In constant currency, adjusted operating income rose 32% from the year ago period. The impact of sales growth and cost savings more than offset increases in brand marketing and freight costs. And as Lawrence mentioned, we expanded our consumer adjusted operating margin compared to the first quarter of last year by 220 basis points. Turning to our Flavor Solutions segment and Slide 20. Starting with sales growth, we grew constant currency sales 15%. Our acquisitions of RB Foods and Giotti contributed 12% of the sales growth. In the Americas, RB Foods drove 17% of the 18% constant currency increase in the first quarters Flavor Solutions sales. The remaining growth was driven by U.S. flavors and branded foodservice sales as well as sales of snack seasoning in Mexico. Partially offsetting this growth was a major customers global realignment of our Flavor Solutions sales effectively transferring those sales from the Americas to the EMEA region and the elimination of some low margin business due to the continued migration of our business to higher margin products. We grew Flavor Solutions sales in EMEA 12% in constant currency with Giotti and RB Foods contributing 4%. We had solid growth with quick service restaurants and within our flavors category. Sales growth was also favorably impacted by the global realignment of the major customer sales from the Americas to EMEA as previously mentioned. Asia Pacific regions Flavor Solutions sales grew 4% in constant currency led by strong new product sales to quick service restaurants in China with a partially offset from the exit of low margin business in the region. As shown on Slide 24, adjusted operating income for the Flavor Solutions segment ended the quarter up 56% at $62 million with a 4% favorable impact from currency. The increase was driven by the favorable impact of higher sales, a shift to more value-added products and the impact of our CCI program and led to adjusted operating margin expansion compared to last year of 320 basis points. Across both segments, adjusted operating income which excludes the integration costs related to the RB Foods and special charges rose 41% in the first quarter from the year ago period including a 3% favorable impact from currency. And this increase includes the impact of increase in our brand marketing by 18% in the first quarter. As Lawrence mentioned, our focus on profit realization had driven significant margin expansion. As seen on Slide 26, in the first quarter, we increased gross profit margin 240 basis points year-on-year. While this expansion includes an accretion impact from the addition of the Franks and Frenchs portfolio, the core business was also a significant driver of the margin growth. Our portfolio shift to more value-added products and CCI led cost savings continued to drive gross profit expansion across both our segments. Our selling, general and administrative expense as a percentage of net sales was down year-on-year by 10 basis points from the first quarter of 2017. Leverage from sales growth as well as CCI led cost savings drove the decline, partially offset by the increase in brand marketing I previously mentioned, as well as absorbing increased freight costs driven by constrained carrier capacity. With the gross margin expansion and SG&A leverage, adjusted operating margin expanded 250 basis points from the first quarter of 2017. Below the operating income line, interest expense increased $27 million in the first quarter from the year ago period, primarily driven by the debt secured for the RB Food's financing. Turning to income taxes on Slide 27. Our first quarter adjusted effective tax rate was 18.9% as compared to 27.9% in the year ago period, and included a favorable impact from the U.S. Tax Act, which reduced the U.S. corporate tax rate from 35% to 21%. Our first quarter adjusted rate was lower than anticipated principally due to the higher than anticipated stock option exercises as well as the favorable impact of other discrete tax items. As a result, we now expect that our adjusted effective tax rate for the full-year will approximate 23%. There can be volatility in that rate quarter-to-quarter due to the impact of discrete items, such as stock option exercises and changes to our forecasted mix of earnings. Income from unconsolidated operations was $8 million compared to $7 million in the first quarter of 2017, a 16% increase led by a joint venture in Mexico. For 2018, we continue to expect our income from unconsolidated operations to be comparable to 2017. At the bottom line, as shown on Slide 29, first quarter 2018 adjusted earnings per share was $1, up 32% from $0.76 for the year ago period, mainly due to higher adjusted operating income and the lower adjusted income tax rate partially offset by higher interest expense and shares outstanding. On Slide 30, we have summarized highlights for cash flow and quarter end balance sheet. Our cash flow from operations was an outflow of $21 million for the first quarter of 2018, compared to an inflow of $44 million in the first quarter of 2017. This change was driven by timing associated with certain working capital payments as well as a high level of interest payments. These interest payments associated with the financing of our RB Food's acquisition are more heavily weighted in our first and third fiscal quarters. We continue to see improvements in our cash conversion cycle finishing the first quarter at 73 days down three days versus our fiscal year-end, primarily driven by our extended terms and inventory programs. We returned $68 million of cash to shareholders through dividends and used $31 million for capital expenditures this period. We expect 2018 to be another year of strong cash flow and our priority is to continue to have a balanced use of cash making investments to drive growth, returning a significant portion to our shareholders through dividends and to pay down debt. Let's now move to our current financial outlook for 2018 on Slide 31. Our strong outlook for the year is unchanged except for a more favorable impact of foreign currency exchange rates on sales, a lower adjusted income tax rate and a lower net favorable non-recurring impact of the U.S. Tax Act. We now estimate a favorable impact to the net sales growth rate of 2% up from our original estimate of 1%. As I mentioned earlier, we now expect that our adjusted effective tax rate for the full-year will approximate 23%. And finally, related to our GAAP earnings per share, the net impact of two non-recurring items required by the U.S. Tax Act, the favorable non-cash impact of the revaluation of our U.S. net deferred tax liabilities, less the unfavorable impact of our transition tax. This net impact is now expected to be a tax benefit in 2018 of approximately $298 million. Our previous sales growth guidance of 12% to 14% included an 8% incremental impact of the RB Foods acquisition, underlying base business a new product growth of 3% to 5% from higher volume of product mix and pricing as well as a one percentage point favorable impact due to currency. We now expect to grow sales 13% to 15% including our updated estimate of a two percentage points favorable impact from currency rates. We expect a low single-digit increase in material cost which combined with CCI and strategy execution on shifting to a more value added portfolio leads to 2018 adjusted growth profit margin that is projected to be 150 to 200 basis points higher than 2017. We expect to increase adjusted operating income 23% to 25% from $786 million in 2017 which includes a one percentage point impact from foreign currency rates. Our cost savings target is approximately $100 million and we are planning to increase brand marketing at a rate above our sales growth. our original guidance for 2018 adjusted earnings per share was $4.80 to $4.90, an increase of 13% to 15% versus our $4.26 adjusted earnings per share in 2017. This range of growth included an estimated one percentage points impact from favorable currency rates. Based on our new effective tax rate estimate, we are increasing our adjusted earnings per share estimate to $4.85 to $4.95, an increase of 14% to 16% versus 2017 which includes an expected one percentage points impact from favorable currency rates. Overall, we expect currency favorability to be greater in the first half of the year than in the second half. For the fiscal year, we expect our higher profit and working capital initiatives to lead to another year of strong cash flow. In summary, we are projecting excellent growth in our 2018 constant currency outlook for sales, adjusted operating profit and adjusted earnings per share following record double-digit performance across each objective in 2017. Our 2018 GAAP earnings per share range is projected to be $6.85 to $6.95. There are several projected 2018 adjustments which are expected to drive our GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation. First, approximately $23 million for the integration expenses related to RB Foods which is in-line with our previous estimate. Second, approximately $18 million of special charges related to previously announced organizational and streamlining initiatives. And as I mentioned a few minutes ago, the net impact of two non-recurring items required by the U.S. Tax Act is currently expected to be a tax benefit in 2018 of approximately $298 million. The total net impact of these adjustments is anticipated to be a $2 favorable to our GAAP earnings per share for fiscal year 2018. Finally, before we move to your questions, let me recap the key takeaways from our remarks this morning. With our first quarter results, we have a strong start to the year for both our core business and our Franks and Frenchs portfolio. We are delivering against our plans for both sales and profit realization and are confident in the momentum of our business. Our updated outlook reflect a more favorable impact on sales for foreign currency and the benefit of lower first quarter tax rate on our full-year adjusted earnings per share and this reaffirms our strong 2018 outlook for our underlying sales, adjusted operating income and adjusted earnings per share growth. Now, lets turn to your questions.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we will be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Robert Moskow: Hi thank you for the question. I was hoping to get a little bit of an update on revenue synergies. I think EMEA was up about 1% as a result of RB Foods. Lawrence, would you consider that revenue synergies and if so, can you help us quantify at is it $8 million or $9 million or so and then secondly, on the bonuses that are being given to hourlys, was that part of your original guidance and can you give us a sense of how it affects operating income for the year? Thanks.
Lawrence Kurzius: Hey Rob, well first of all, good morning. And regarding the RB, we dont have anything new to report on RB. We are really tracking right on our plans for RB both from an internal budget standpoint and from the model that we built when we bought the business. We hit a couple of important milestones this quarter as we mentioned on the call at the transfer to our systems and we put the business on our SAP system. And well at the end of the transition of services agreement thats [really] (Ph) to control the business. Regarding the 1% in EMEA. Really, again I struggle calling it a synergy and we built certain amount of growth into our plans for RB and we are still confident in getting those and I think we are on-track with that. Frankly in the international part of the business, the biggest, I would say net positive story that we had for the quarter outside of the U.S. business was in Mexico. Where we transitioned the business to our longstanding joint venture partner down there and have gotten off to a very strong start. The EMEA, I would say is more of what we had originally planned for the business, its part of the wrap of the existing business that was there and their sales team is just starting to get traction on that. Regarding the early bonuses, the original guidance was - did not contemplate that but our current guidance does reflect the full impact of Tax Reform including that when we gave that initial guidance, the Tax Reform Act was still new, we were deciding, how we are going to use it. We said, we would make investments in growth and in making ourselves more competitive. That we have used the majority of the benefit though to pay down debt which would mean dropping it down to the bottom-line into cash, but that is still on plan. Nonetheless, we thought that this was good and prudent action for us to take as well. Mike, do you want to elaborate on that at all.
Michael Smith: I think as you said, including our guidance and I will leave it at that.
Robert Moskow: Just quantitatively, I think I said $7 million, is that roughly the new expense that we should be thinking about in the guidance?
Lawrence Kurzius: No.
Michael Smith: Way less than that. It's not material.
Lawrence Kurzius: Yes.
Robert Moskow: Okay well alright. Alright, thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Alexia Howard with Bernstein. Please proceed with your questions.
Alexia Howard: Good morning everyone.
Michael Smith: Hi, Alexia.
Alexia Howard: Hello, again. So I just wanted to ask about what are the risks to the margin expansion from here, compared with a lot of the maybe more U.S. centric food companies, you seem to be defying gravity on margin expansion across many pieces of the business. Is it that your quantity cost are a little bit more favorable, or are there other more favorable dynamics I guess with operational leverage from growing expansion and also more specifically what are the risks to margin expansion going forward given the more challenging retailer environment particularly in the Americas? Thank You and I will pass it on.
Michael Smith: Hey, Alexia, its Mike. I will take the first crack at it. As we mentioned, a significant part of the margin expansion was due to RB Foods and the accretion we're getting from has come through our P&L, we really like that. But our underlying business has been strong as you alluded to, we have had a really good CCI performance that is our fuel for growth as we talked about and last year, we hit a $170 million and we are off to a strong start in the first quarter of fiscal 2018. We have also seen a shift as we talked about, a shift from higher value products across our portfolio, especially on the Flavor Solutions side of the business and then if you think of about it, we had mid-single-digit inflation last year as we took pricing mid last year. So we had some positive wrap thats happened in the first half of 2018, so that has helped the margins on the core business. As far as risk going forward, we have low single-digit cost increases this year. We have low single-digit pricing plan. In the environment as you alluded to is more difficult than it has been in the past from a retailer perspective that's a lot more fact based selling, but we feel that all these price increases are justified and are supportable and frankly most of our pricing impact this year is from pricing actions implemented in 2017.
Alexia Howard: Great. Thank you very much. I will pass it on.
Lawrence Kurzius: Hello, and if I could just elaborate on that. I dont want to miss the fact that there has been portfolio migration. So we have had great growth and high margin - of our business and we have actively discontinued some low margin business. We have a strong overall growth rate this year and so we're taking advantage of that to use this as an opportunity to get to some low margin business, which has a slight dampening effect on the sales line, but which really runs through. I mean, you can just see it in the margins that we are achieving. So we think it's pretty sustainable.
Alexia Howard: Great. Thank you very much. I will pass it on.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ken Goldman with JP Morgan. Please proceed with your questions.
Kenneth Goldman: Hi good morning.
Lawrence Kurzius: Good morning.
Michael Smith: Hello, Ken.
Kenneth Goldman: Hey guys. So there has been a lot of discussion lately obviously about - maybe the balance of power between manufacturers and retailers in the food and home industry, you guys obviously have some of what I would consider the best brands in food and home, but if you look at a couple of different things, right, we have a de-load, your pricing this quarter was up by the lowest amount by my model anyway in over seven years and if you look at your LTM receivables as a percentage of sales, they have been creeping up to even before the RB deal. So I guess I'm just trying to get a sense in your opinion, I know we have talked about this a little bit in the past, but are these trends, these factors, are they somewhat one-time in nature obviously the de-load is, but has it really become and is this indicative to some extent of how much more difficult it is to manage these customer relationships than it used to be. Im just trying to get a sense of how much the world continues to change, it feels like every week we are hearing about more and more may be manufacturers unable to pass on pricing?
Lawrence Kurzius: Well there is always an appropriate amount, I think we used the word commercial tension and the discussion of pricing with customers and I dont say that the environment for taking pricing right now is pretty challenging and per any kind of general price increase you are going to get a lot of push back thats pretty hard. The reason it not that much pricing in our quarters that most of the pricing that we have got as Mike mentioned is a wrap. The pricing that we have taken has been more of a surgical nature that has been justified by commodity increases and our commodities are different than everybody elses commodity. So those increases have been fairly specific and we have really been able to get the pricing away. Im not saying that it was easy, I will say just the opposite of that these are challenging compensations with the customer, but we are still able to get the pricing that we need to get to cover our commodities. On the industrial side of our business, we tend to operate with transparency on cost so the customer understands where the cost is coming from and many of our longer term customers their exposure to commodity is really booked back-to-back and we will take coverage of the fiscal commodity to backup their needs. So really the pricing discussions across the full spectrum of our business while challenging, are pretty well managed. The de-load that we mentioned earlier has nothing to do with pricing or balance the power. In the U.S. in particular, trades inventories did come down during the first quarter, Im talking about in the consumer side of the business. I think others have commented on that, there is no secret that everyone is trying to be more efficient with their working capital, we certainly are and our customers are as well. And especially around the end of the fiscal year there is a lot of pressure on the customer inventories, they are trying to say I would say invest dress up their year-end numbers and that falls into our first quarter which is our lowest volume quarter. It does have a meaningful impact. We estimate that actually the customers inventory drawdown in the first quarter of the year was about 2% headwind on our consumer business which - versus actual consumption took up about half of the growth that we would have otherwise seen. And I would say that we are not overly worried or surprised by that. We saw similar pattern last year where in the first quarter of the year there was strong draw down of trade inventories and then relatively flat for the rest of the year. And so I would hope to see a similar pattern this year. And you mentioned something about receivables, I didnt really understand.
Kenneth Goldman: Yes, I can follow-up with that afterward, its not a big deal. I just had a one quick follow-up and thats very helpful answer. You said it was about 2% of consumer, was that total consumer or consumer Americas, if it was total consumers side.
Lawrence Kurzius: Consumer Americas.
Kenneth Goldman: Consumer Americas. Okay, thank you very much.
Michael Smith: Hey Ken, just one follow-up on your point on pricing. We have talked about it being a low pricing quarter. Last years mid-single-digit price increases really were driven a lot by Vanilla and we saw a lot of Vanilla in the second half of the year. First quarter, we dont sell a lot of Vanilla, so that's the reason for the percentage is a little less than it might have been last year.
Kenneth Goldman: Thank you.
Operator: The next question today comes from the line of Jonathan Feeney with Consumer Edge. Please proceed with your questions.
Jonathan Feeney: Hey, good morning thanks very much. You have had some pretty impressive growth in the Flavor Solutions business. And I know a part of that going back historically has been strength in one key, but several quick serve customers, but overall, it seems like you are gaining a little bit of share and certainly emphasizing that a little bit more. And I wondering Lawrence about the competitive landscape. When you talk about the new capabilities you are bringing to customers - are you typically winning new business from other players, or as you move up market not to just the coatings and ingredients where maybe if you look part of your business historically to more flavor systems. Where are you sourcing that business. Is it competitors or is it new business wins? Thank you.
Lawrence Kurzius: Hey Jonathan, well for us it's new business wins, but there is no such things as a white space out there. So those new business wins from us is definitely coming from other competitors and flavor is the growing business. So I expect the flavor on the industrial side is growing as well, but we're definitely winning new business. Even within our existing customer base, I believe we are continuing to win, but as the new customers that we have added definitely puts us - we're definitely gaining share in that part of the business. So we really wanted to call it out, because I think that this has been something that's been underappreciated. For the last three years, we have been a been in a real consorted efforts to be more of a flavor, value added flavor supplier, more of a flavor house and to migrate away from some of the legacy commodity business that was in that industrial business. And so yes, we can share gains. Mike do you want to.
John Feeney: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Growe with Stifel. Please proceed with your questions.
Christopher Growe: Hi good morning.
Michael Smith: Good morning Chris.
Lawrence Kurzius: Good morning Chris.
Christopher Growe: Hi. So I just want to ask just to be clear bit of a follow-ups from earlier question. It sounds like you expect the inventory levels to remain at these low levels going forward, this is the second year of the reduction though early in the year. Are they too low, and we have heard this from other companies that at times they are reaching down to quite low levels in relation to the shelf being fully stocked. Are you seeing any issues at that at retailer now?
Lawrence Kurzius: That's a good point. I think with the individual customers, they very often do overshoot and come back, but I don't want to get too caught up in the individual customer anecdotes, when you roll it all up together, the general trend of trade inventory is downward. Everybody is applying new technology and putting greater emphasis and trying to be more efficient, so there is a general downward trend. And while we have just looking back at our historical data seeing that that the impact tends to be biggest in our first quarter, again it's the combination of both customers having their year-end spend and it's our lightest seasonal quarter of the year. So that is a factor, but we dont generally see it coming back over the course of the year. So there is a downward step in inventory. How low is too low for the industry, I dont know, once the inventory is taken out, its out and so to continue to have the same impact, they have got take out another tranche of inventory, but we think that this is a long-term trend then and frankly its not a surprise to us and we think that its actually healthy for the industry.
Michael Smith: There has been a lot of consolidation in the industry too some recent [indiscernible] inventory and the supply chain and it really drives us to drive our a C2C favorable and we are doing the same thing.
Christopher Growe: Okay. Just another question if I could, in relation to you discussed more value added products, I think in relation to like the gross margin performance. So Im just curious of the private label performance versus the brand performance for McCormick and have you lapped that conversion of that large customer to private label, is that an ongoing negative for the business, is it due to promotional efforts or due to the actual still lapping of that label change?
Michael Smith: First of all, that label change we have not lapped it, that was a label change that really happened really mostly over this last quarter and started in the fourth quarter and was fully in effect. Really I wont say maybe not even fully in the effect of this quarter. It might have been falling partially in effect for December, so no we havent lapped it, but still things happen there. First it was the conversion from a controlled brand to private label. For us that was financially neutral, that control label already had a margin start that was comparable to our private label and you know we are large supplier of private label in herbs and spices. This is a profitable business for us, it does not have the same growth margins in this brand but has a decent operating margin and the impact of that label change was really neutral. A part that hurt, it was a decision by the customer to do some extraordinary pricing and merchandizing on that product. And to the extent it traded down consumers from brand to that label it was a negative for both for us and frankly it was a negative for the customer profitability as well, which they fully understand at this point.
Christopher Growe: And then from a higher level private label versus branded for McCormick overall and what that meant for your gross margin. There was mix of factor from the benefit of the gross margin there.
Michael Smith: I mean overall its a slight detriment as Lawrence mentioned. They had a lower gross margin, but from an operating profit perspective and a working capital efficiency perspective, its not that far from the bottom line operating profit for consumer. It grows a lot of overhead in our plans, we only do private label for the large customers, we dont see a lot of good type private label. So its good business for us, not only in U.S. that we do in EMEA also.
Christopher Growe: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Adam Samuelson: Yes, thanks good morning everyone.
Michael Smith: Good morning.
Adam Samuelson: Maybe first just on the point on the mixes in the portfolio and you talked about that being a tailwind to the results this quarter. Any clarity or color you could provide by business line or region where that was a particularly notable benefit or is that pretty broad based across the whole business?
Lawrence Kurzius: No I think Adam, if you look how we described and Asia Pacific as an example exiting some lower margin business there, trying to make optimize our portfolio we are focusing more flavors globally for Flavor Solutions. And again for a very clear example, we talked about any specific, we walked away from very low little margin business and we want to use those resources to move up the value chain for the product lines. Now thats a consistent message across Flavor Solutions the Asia-Pacific is one we specifically highlighted.
Adam Samuelson: Okay, thats helpful. And then just a question in consumer, in EMEA. I know, the UK business has been challenged there for some time, given a host of dynamics. But any update there, I dont hear any color on the UK business in the consumer discussion.
Lawrence Kurzius: Actually for the UK business, that business has stabilized, I know that for a great deal of last year there was a drag on EMEA performance. We had slight growth and in the UK this last quarter. It wasnt so spectacular that we are going to call out, but its no longer a drag on the business as it was. We are optimistic that we have got that business on-track.
Adam Samuelson: Okay great, thats all, it very helpful, I will pass it on.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Brett Hundley with The Vertical Group. Please proceed with your question.
Brett Hundley: Hey good morning guys, thanks for taking my questions. I just have a two part question on your Flavor Solutions business. So the first part of it maybe for you Mike. We estimate EBITDA margins for that business somewhere near 14.5% and the previous management team was really loath to kind of talk about where margins could go overtime and you guys dont have to give a number this morning. But have you guys updated your thoughts and beliefs on what type of margins structure might be possible for this business or rather, if there is continued growth opportunities. Just especially relative to what some of your ingredient peers are doing in the overall pursuit of kind of 20% EBITDA margins overtime. So thats the first part of my question. And then second part of my question. There was a transaction announced yesterday, where one of the largest flavor and fragrance producers is buying a natural based ingredient company. And the multiple paid was well over 20 times forward EBITDA and it really showcases just how much more established F&F companies are willing to pay from market positioning and elevated revenue growth prospects. And your industrial Flavor Solutions business is attractively positioned, its also really in interwoven into your consumer platform in many respects. But I guess my question is, are there select areas of your Flavor Solutions business maybe the 50% thats more leveraged to food and beverage peers. But are there select areas of your Flavor Solutions business where McCormick might be willing to take advantage of heighten strategy demand from other ingredient entities and divest these assets into financial capital that could be used for debt pay down or consumer uses or anything like that? Thank you.
Lawrence Kurzius: Well good Brett, I know you directed this to Mike, but this is Lawrence. Im going to start on this, Im going to start on the second one and then let Mike talk about the EBITDA margin. Of course we are aware of that transaction, we are currently out of the markets, this would have been a target that would have been on our list of possible targets as well I would say on the list of the usual suspects. As we said, we are not doing any transactions right now, because we are going to pay down the debt from the one that we just did. But we're certainly aware of the asset and the valuation that was paid for, I think was 24 times, and now we're also kind of see a bunch of deals being done since we bought RB Foods with higher multiples than we paid for that. But it just shows the demand in the market for assets that are growing. As far as we see our businesses as being a broad flavor business, both consumer and industrial. We have got a benefit of scale from having both of those businesses, they are well intertwined and at this time, we are into growing that flavor business with the intent of making it even bigger, stronger part of our business and not with an eye to building something that we would be divesting. We do constantly look at our portfolio for opportunities, and right now, really what we think - we're thinking more in terms of pruning the low-margin business rather than selling off the high margin businesses.
Michael Smith: Yes. As far as the EBITDA margin, I wouldn't say we're loath to giving a target, but we're not going to give a target. A portions of the Flavor Solutions portfolio have really nice consumer like margins, the flavor side of the business. The Food Service side, we have seen with RB Foods as how accretive that is. So as we continue to migrate that portfolio you should see continued increase there. From an ROIC perspective, actually right now its pretty close to consumer ROIC because its higher working capital efficiency, but you should see improvements there going forward and we do have internal targets. Right now, there was a long period of time for those of you who have followed us for a long time was there was a goal of getting this up to 10% margin. We have gotten well past that from an operating profit margin, we have gotten well past that and while we havent set a long-term target, but we continue to see opportunity for that margin to improve.
Brett Hundley: Thank you for your comments.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Rob Dickerson with Deustche Bank. Proceed with your questions.
Robert Dickerson: Great, thank you very much. Just one quick question and then a couple of follow-ups. The seasonality on the RB business, I know you said before I think Q4 was obviously the most heavily weighted for the year. Can you give us any perspective as to kind of what the breakout would be Q1,Q2, Q3 just for sales.
Michael Smith: This is Mike. Q1 is the lowest quarter. It's a little less than 20% of the total year, but that 20% - a little over 20% in that range. The fourth quarter is the strongest, the second and third quarter obviously is a grilling season, they are roughly comparable after that, but it will steadily increase from this base. Its not that different than our core business, heavily back weighted [for years] (Ph) and for cash too, kind of the same trends.
Robert Dickerson: Okay, cool. Perfect. And then in terms of tax rate on 2019, I mean I know 2018 changes because of I guess the one-time we saw this quarter, so the 23% essentially implies you still get 24% for the remainder of the year and then kind of what you put in the K, the 25% to 26% on 2019, I'm assuming that's still holds?
Michael Smith: Yes. I would go with that right now. There is so many moving parts with this Tax Act and as the department of revenue gets into it and into technical adjustments, we will reassess it then.
Robert Dickerson: Okay, perfect. And then just last question. In terms of the implied organic for the year, the 3% to 5%, now correct me if Im wrong, I know you did Q2 and Q1, the comp is still a little bit more difficult for the year. But yes, I mean it sounds like the inventory reductions are one-time in nature. It sounds you might have accelerating shipments then based off of consumption go forward. So Im just curious to kind of get to that 3%, 5% with more difficult compares but in Q2 and Q1, what drives the implied acceleration, is it just better innovation, its volume driven? It doesnt seem like there is a ton of pricing coming. So any color on that would be helpful. I will pass it on.
Lawrence Kurzius: Well, I will start and I will past it to Mike. I mean it pretty much follows the same case as last year. Last year we had a very large growth in the first quarter and then accelerated as we went through the year and then with a solid organic growth I would say that this year looks pretty much the same. In our look at through the year there is no extraordinary hockey stick or anything like that. Its pretty much shipping to consumption.
Michael Smith: And new products generally launch have an impact later in the year, fourth quarter is a biggest quarter as we have talked about, so having 2% increase in the first quarter which is our smallest quarter can easily be offset by having a strong third and fourth. So we are comfortable with the outlook.
Robert Dickerson: Fair enough. Thank you.
Michael Smith: Thanks Rob.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question today is from the line of Akshay Jagdale with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Akshay Jagdale: Thanks for the question. I wanted to also ask about the base business. You mentioned the conversion, but I wanted to ask about the promotional aspect. I know one or two large retailers had specifically been reacting to the hard discounters with certain promotions that were expected to go away and can you give us an update on that? And just related to the U.S. business, I want to make sure I understand your commentary on inventory. So yes, inventories are coming down overtime and that will continue. But relative to consumption though, over a long period of time your consumption generally has matched shipments, right, I mean there is no material gap there that is widening or even if there is a gap right, like over time shouldnt shipments just match what people are consuming and I want to make sure there is no change there? And if you could just comment on the retailer promotions on some of the private label items and where thats trending? Thank you.
Lawrence Kurzius: Sure Akshay. Well first of all, regarding the retail commercial that you are talking about, we only really highlighted one customer. Its a non-grocery customer, we dont like to say name of customers on calls, so Im not going to say the name, but everyone probably knows who that is and its the exact situation that we talked about on the January call, there was a control label product that we sold them, they converted it to private label. And again as we have already said, I wont dwell on I again, hat was really financially neutral to us, but then there were some heavy promotions that were run on that and to the extent that brands down that was a negative. Trade consumer is down from brands that was a negative for us and it was a financial negative for the retailers. We did this as part of an overall storewide program that included many, many other product categories to do price competitive against what they perceived as a strong platform discount, retailers who are entering the market and this is not specifically targeted at a store or useful at our category. Pretty much the customer is responsible for that category and it's P&L, has heard our category management story and understand what the impact of that decision was on category profitability. And they have read it through in their own numbers as well. We told them what was going to happen beforehand, they went ahead anyway. They now know what the impact really was, what we said it would be and so they are reconsidering doing how that moves ahead. And that promotion is really winding down I would say. And if you were to visit that customer store you would find that special pricing and promotional display is pretty much the exceptional on a store-by-store basis rather than the rule. So we think it was the transitory. It might happen again, it goes to the customer strategy for their overall business and not to the strategy on the spice category. So we think we have that largely behind us. On the trade inventory, that was the Americas inventory that we were talking about, there wasn't has been the reduction in customer inventory overtime. And had a more pronounced impact on the last quarter. We, has seen that in previous quarters, it just hasn't really been worth talking about, but in the customer in fourth quarter was that they are driving probably the largest reduction and that's up against our first quarter which has our lowest volumes in turns into a meaningful percentage and that was why we felt its worth commenting on this call. Mike, do you want add anything?
Michael Smith: Perfect. And the question about consumption over time. We are still shipping to consumption over time generally.
Akshay Jagdale: Okay, I will pass it on. Thank you.
Lawrence Kurzius: Great, thanks Akshay.
Operator: Thank you. I will now turn the floor to Lawrence Kurzius for closing remarks.
Lawrence Kurzius: Great. Well thanks everyone for your questions and for participating on today's call. McCormick is a global leader in flavor and with differentiated with a broad and advantaged portfolio which continues to drive growth. We are responding readily to changes in the industry with new ideas with innovation and with purpose. And with a clear focus on growth, performance and people. We continue to perform strong globally and build shareholder value. I'm pleased with our strong results to start the year. And I'm confident in our continuing momentum for growth in 2018 and look forward to reporting to you on shareholder value we will continue to create.
Kasey Jenkins: Thank you Lawrence and thanks to all for joining todays call. If you have any further questions regarding today's information you can reach us at 410-771-7140. This concludes this morning's conference call.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-01-25 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Kasey Jenkins - VP, IR Lawrence Kurzius - Chairman, President & CEO Mike Smith - EVP & CFO
Analysts: Alexia Howard - Bernstein Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Akshay Jagdale - Jefferies Andrew Lazar - Barclays David Driscoll - Citi Rob Dickerson - Deustche Bank Brett Hundley - The Vertical Group
Kasey Jenkins: Good morning. This is Kasey Jenkins, Vice President of McCormick Investor Relations. Thank you for joining today's Fourth Quarter Earnings Call. To accompany this call, we posted set of slides at ir.mccormick.com. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Following our remarks, we will begin a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. We'll begin with remarks from Lawrence Kurzius, Chairman, President and CEO; and Mike Smith, Executive Vice President and CFO. During our remarks, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. These include adjusted gross profit margins, adjusted operating income, and adjusted earnings per share that exclude the impact of transaction and integration expenses related to the Reckitt Benckiser Foods or RB Foods acquisition, special charges and income taxes excluding certain non-recurring impact associated with the recently enacted U.S. tax legislation as well as information in constant currency. Reconciliations to the GAAP results are included in this morning's press release and slides. As a reminder, today's presentation contains projections and other forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from those projected. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements whether because of new information, future events, or other factors. As seen on Slide 2, our forward-looking statements also provides information on Risk Factors that could affect our financial results. It is now my pleasure to turn the discussion over to Lawrence.
Lawrence Kurzius: Thank you, Kasey. Good morning everyone. Thanks for joining us. Our fourth quarter 2017 kept another year of record financial results, with strong core business performance and the incremental impact of acquisitions. Our broad global flavor portfolio continues to drive growth and differentiate McCormick. We exceeded each of our key financial targets in 2017, delivering double-digit growth rates in sales, operating income, and adjusted earnings per share. We see substantial cost savings, expanded adjusted operating margin, and delivered our sixth consecutive year of record cash flow. Our sales growth and focus on profit realization drove excellent financial results across both our consumer and industrial segments and reflects the effectiveness of our strategies and engagement of employees around the world. McCormick's business platform is growing an advantage, across all regions and categories, as seen on Slide 5, McCormick is flavoring food and beverages, you probably enjoy something flavored by us everyday no matter where or what you choose to eat. This morning, you will hear about our 2017 accomplishments which were driven by successes spanning the portfolio. Our sales growth in flavors organically and through our Giotti acquisition continued to shift our portfolio to more value-added product. We further strengthened our flavor leadership expanding condiments and sauces as well as branded food service with the RB Foods acquisition. Our investments in new products, brand marketing capabilities and infrastructure, drove growth across several categories including U.S. spices and seasonings where we significantly increased our product innovation versus recent years. Heading into 2018 I'm confident our momentum will continue. This morning, I will begin with our fourth quarter results, reflect on our 2017 achievements, provide an update on our RB Foods integration, and then share with you some of our 2018 business plans. After that, I'll turn it over to Mike, who'll go in more depth on the quarter-end results and the details of our 2018 financial guidance. Let's start with our fourth quarter results on Slide 6. On our third quarter call of September, I said we were well-positioned heading into our last quarter to deliver an excellent FY2017. This is now evident in our results as our growth momentum continued into the fourth quarter. In constant currency we grew sales 20% for the total company with strong results in both segments. Base business growth, new products, and acquisitions, are three drivers of long-term sales growth for all contributing factors. Incremental sales for our acquisitions RB Foods and Giotti contributed 15%. In our consumer segment we grew sales 18% in constant currency led by incremental sales from RB Foods. Our consumer base business, excluding RB Foods, achieved nearly 5% constant currency growth, with increases in each of our three regions in the fourth quarter. In the Americas, we continued sequential improvement of our growth rate excluding acquisitions versus prior quarter's performance. This was led by strong base sales growth in the U.S. across both the branded portfolio and private label. Our U.S. IRI data indicated strong fourth quarter category growth for spices and seasonings at 6.5%. During the same period McCormick's U.S. branded spices and seasonings grew 4%. Our holiday season has been impacted by a large retailer's decision to convert a control label to private label along with related promotional and merchandising actions. The environment remains dynamic and we continue to work with our customers to optimize category performance. Additionally, as in the past quarters, we have had strong growth in unmeasured channels. Overall we continue to see good growth in our spice and seasoning brands in the U.S. market and know that we have more room to grow. In a few minutes I will briefly comment on our 2018 growth plans, with more details being provided in a few weeks at CAGNY. In Europe, Middle East, and Africa, the EMEA region consumer sales returned to growth as we fully lapped the impact versus year ago of a large UK retailers reduction of shelf space for food products. And in our French branded business Ducros and Vahine sales increased. In the Asia-Pacific region our strong sales in China led consumer segment growth in addition to continued momentum from India. Turning to our industrial segment, we grew sales 23% in constant currency with incremental sales from RB Foods and Giotti contributing 17%. Our industrial base business excluding acquisitions achieved 6% constant currency growth. The base growth in all three regions benefited from higher volume and more favorable product mix. In the Americas, we increased sales of snack seasonings and continued branded food service growth as well as driving a double-digit increase in savory flavor product, not only for the quarter, but for the full-year as well. Savory flavors from brand aromatics continued to deliver excellent results. In our EMEA and Asia-Pacific regions we continue to win with our customers through new products and promotional activities, particularly with quick service restaurants. We have not only been focusing on sales growth, but also profit realization to drive additional adjusted operating income growth and adjusted operating margin expansion. With our higher sales, cost savings led by our Comprehensive Continuous Improvement program CCI, and or portfolio shift to more value added products we grew the fourth quarter's adjusted operating income 36% in constant currency and our adjusted operating margin expanded 220 basis points. Both segments contributed double-digit adjusted operating income growth and triple-digit basis point expansion and adjusted operating margin. At the bottom line, our fourth quarter adjusted earnings per share of a $1.54 was 21% higher than $1.27 in the fourth quarter of 2016. Our strong growth and adjusted operating income and a lower tax rate drove this increase partially offset by higher interest expense from debt related to the RB Foods acquisition as well as higher shares outstanding. Moving from our fourth quarter results, I'm delighted to share our performance for the fiscal year starting with our excellent financial results. As I indicated we achieved growth rates that exceeded each of our long-term financial goals which are to grow sales 4% to 6%, adjusted operating income 7% to 9% both in constant currency, and to grow adjusted earnings per share 9% to 11%. We drove a 10% constant currency sales growth with the incremental sales from our acquisitions of RB Foods, Giotti, and Gourmet Garden contributing 6% of this growth. I'm pleased to highlight that our base growth was up 4% which is within our long-term objective even without the benefit of acquisitions. Our consumer segment sales grew 8% in constant currency led by the RB Foods and Gourmet Garden acquisition impact as well as base business increases driven by the U.S. and China. Constant currency sales growth in our industrial segment was an exceptional 14% with RB Foods and Giotti driving eight percentage points. All three regions delivered industrial base growth at the high end or above long-term sales objectives. We grew adjusted operating income 21% in constant currency versus 2016. This increase offset partially by higher interest expense drove a 13% growth in our adjusted earnings per share to $4.26 for fiscal 2017 and this adjusted earnings per share comparison included the impact of unfavorable currency exchange rates versus last year. Led by our CCI program, our fuel for growth we reached a record $117 million of annual cost savings and are well on our way towards reaching a four-year $400 million goal having realized $226 million in the past two years. These savings continue to fuel our investments, brand marketing, and new products and contribute to margin expansion. With higher sales, CCI, and our portfolio shift, we increased our adjusted operating margins to 16.3% which is a 140 basis point expansion from last year. We expanded this margin in both of our segments hitting record high margins in each. Our progress in our industrial segment is noteworthy as we continue to see positive results for our margin improvement strategy migrating our portfolio to more flavors and branded food service which combined with CCI lifted the adjusted operating income margin for our industrial segment to 11.9% for the year. In the last three years, we have grown our industrial adjusted operating income 66% and expanded operating margin by 360 basis points. 2017 was the sixth consecutive year of record cash flow from operations ending the year at $815 million. We're making great progress with our working capital improvements and expect the programs we put in place will continue the momentum into 2018. And at year-end our board of directors announced an 11% increase in the quarterly dividend marking our 32nd consecutive year of dividend increases. We have paid dividends every year since 1925 and are proud to be a dividend aristocrat. Now I would like to comment on some of our 2017 achievements beyond our financial performance. We refreshed McCormick's vision and mission and launched five principles as seen on Slide 8 to keep our culture contemporary and enhance our competitiveness. Simply put, we want to bring the joy of flavor to life and make every meal and moment better. The integration of our Giotti acquisition went extremely well and is now completed. We're delighted with the only Giotti sales and profit performance but the overall impact it has had on our industrial segments. Giotti has expanded our flavor capabilities in the EMEA region and further broadened our portfolio with complementary products, natural flavors; aromatic herbal extracts, and concentrated juices. It has also provided us with opportunities with new customers and strengthened strategic partnerships with our global customers. This acquisition has exceeded our expectations thus far. Our industrial segment's exceptional results in 2017 not only benefited from Giotti, but also from strong broad-based business performance. Our range of flavor solutions for our industrial customers is one of the broadest in the industry as evidenced by product development that has been a significant driver of our 2017 industrial sales growth. As our customers move their portfolio, our natural, organic, clean label, and better for you they want to ensure that case is not compromised. Our distinctive food first approach, our deep understanding on food and the use of natural ingredients competitively differentiates us and is valued by our customers. Along with our innovation, our customer intimacy is driving growth. For instance, as of 2017, we have won global flavor supplier status at nine large packaged food and beverage companies an increase of six companies over the last three years. We continue to win with new and existing industrial customers and this is across all categories and applications. A key driver of sales growth was our brand marketing which reached a new high of $276 million, up 39% over the last five years and 10% over 2016, including the incremental impact of RB Foods. As we shared in our September earnings call, our leadership in this area was rewarded again in 2017 with recognition as a top three brand by L2 Research on their digital IQ index. This marked our fourth consecutive year in the top five ranking of food and beverage brands on the effectiveness of our website, digital, and social media, as well as our advances in the rapidly growing e-commerce channel. Our investments and content development and dedicated resources to build our e-commerce business are paying off. In pure play e-commerce which is an important developing part of our business we grew sales 67% globally in 2017 with double-digit growth rates in each region. In the product development area we've partnered with a leading artificial intelligence technology firm. Computational creativity using advanced analytics and machine learning, combined with our unparalleled repository of consumer preference data will differentiate McCormick and allows to accelerate new product development with new perspectives and thus increase our value to our customer. We will share more about this at CAGNY in February. New products remain integral to our sales growth with 9% of 2017 sales from product launches in the last three years. For our consumer segment we're excited about our 2017 launches and the momentum they're gaining including the introduction of our practice platform, increased by some seasoning new products, and expanding our organic and non-GMO offerings, as well as condiments, gravies, stocks and broths. Sales growth for new products continue to be particularly strong in our industrial business and driven in part by our successful work at the intersection of health and flavor. This year over 60% of our new product increase for U.S. industrial customers had some type of health and wellness attribute which is up from approximately 50% last year. In 2017, we increased our capacity to support our growth in the Asia-Pacific zone and we're continuing to do so in 2018. We completed the construction of a new larger facility in Shanghai to accommodate our growth in China. In Singapore, we opened a new regional headquarters and technical innovation center which allows us to further focus on customer intimacy and make our company's technology fully available to our customers in this region. We also began construction in Thailand on a new regional manufacturing facility to expand both production capacity and capability to support both segments growth in Southeast Asia. We continued to work on strengthening our organization, with a cultural shift to faster decisions, more personal accountability, and actionable insights. In 2017, we announced our global enablement organization. This organization is reinventing our business processes and executing a step change and working globally and cross functionally. The result will be simpler more standardized and efficient global processes to provide a platform to grow, while realizing the advantage of our scale. And we're making measurable progress toward our 2025 sustainability goals. Just a few days ago McCormick was recognized by Corporate Knight in their 2018 Global 100 most Sustainable Corporations' Index ranking number one in the food products industry. Also during 2017, we were recognized as a Diversity Inc. top 50 company for the first time. This recognition is a testament to our continued emphasis on embracing and leveraging diversity and inclusion globally. This past year we also had two new members join our Board of Directors Gary Rodkin, former CEO of Conagra; and Tony Vernon, former CEO of Kraft Foods. Both bring deep consumer product industry expertise and a further strengthen the impressive group of leaders that comprise our board of directors. And finally, in 2017, with our acquisition of RB Foods this past August, we reinforced our focus on growth and strengthen in our flavor leadership with the addition of the French's and Frank's RedHot brands to our global portfolio. These flavorful category leading products with their simple high quality ingredients fit perfectly within McCormick as we continue to capitalize on the growing consumer interest and healthy flavorful eating. Now, let me move on to provide you with an update on the RB Foods integration. Our integration of the business has been progressing well. In the last four months since our update on our September earnings call, we've continued to drive plans to capitalize on the growth and synergy opportunities. Starting with synergy opportunities, we're on track with our plans for $50 million of cost synergies with the majority expected to be realized by the end of 2020. We're very pleased with the momentum for identifying and capturing the opportunities and in fact are pacing a bit ahead of our original synergy target for 2018. From a supply chain perspective, logistics and customer service we fully integrated the UK business ahead of schedule enabling us to address customer service issues. And in just a few days, February 1, we will have the Americas business fully integrated into our SAP platform and business processes. This includes supply chain, manufacturing, logistics and customer service, as well as finance, human relations, and information technology services. With this integration, we will be closing the Chester New Jersey location which was the RB Foods headquarters on March 31. I'm also very happy to share that in the fourth quarter due to our strong cash flow, we made a $250 million prepayment on our three-year term loan secured as part of the acquisitions financing. From a commercial perspective, we've progressed in our alignment of the organization to create a stronger focused team to quickly deliver on opportunities and aggressively drive growth. In doing so, we retained the RB Foods sales team and product expertise. Our integrated commercial organization now enables us to further capitalize on opportunities to drive growth through the combination of the knowledge of the RB Foods sales members and McCormick's experience tools and capabilities. In our Americas consumer business, we increased sales coverage through dedicated category focus. We now have two focused teams one dedicated to spices and seasonings and one to condiments and sauces. We've also extended our category management efforts and resources to the Frank's RedHot and French's portfolio, focusing the expertise of each of these categories increases customer intimacy and insight. With the integration of French's into our Americas industrial business, our branded food service team expanded to include dedicated teams to focus on national accounts, specialty channels, cash and carry and e-commerce and distributors. This also enhances our level of customer intimacy and engagement. Across North America, we believe these combined and expanded teams will be a key enabler to our sales growth. In Latin America, we completed the transition of the previous Mexican RB Foods distributor to our Mexico joint venture partner, a leader in the food industry in that region. In the fourth quarter of 2017, both Frank's RedHot and French's consumption was impacted by the previous owners planned reductions in trade support and promotional activities, and we expect some minor impact from the February 1 cutover to our systems, which is reflected in the guidance you will hear in a few moments. As we move into 2018, we're excited about the brand marketing programs we are planning and many growth opportunities across our now even broader portfolio and the impact of applying McCormick's consumer insight, innovation expertise, and category management strategies to French's and Frank's. We not only look forward to the results of those efforts, but also sharing depth on those plans in a few weeks during our CAGNY presentation. In summary, we're pleased with our progress so far and the early results from the RB Foods business. Since August, we've operated under a transition service agreement with the seller still providing certain services. As we near the end of this agreement, we are eagerly looking forward to taking complete control of the operations and realizing the full impact of our strategies to drive further result. Our enthusiasm for this acquisition and our confidence that the combination of our powerful brands will drive significant shareholder value only strengthened in the fourth quarter. We're well positioned to capitalize on the opportunities for growth and cost savings. Our investments and achievements in 2017, our effective growth strategies, and our strong momentum all bolster our confidence in delivering another strong year of growth and performance at McCormick in 2018. Mike will go over our 2018 guidance in greater detail in a few moments, I will mention a few highlights related to our sales growth and business plans. We expect to again increase sales at a rate ahead of our long-term 4% to 6% constant currency objective, driven by the incremental impact of the RB Foods acquisition, our base business, and new products. At the foundation of our sales growth rate is the rising consumer demand for flavor. We are aligned with the consumers increased interest in bolder flavors, demand for convenience, and focus on fresh natural ingredients, as well as with emerging purchase drivers such as greater transparency around the sourcing and quality of food. This increased interest; flavor continues to be an advantage global category which combined with our effective strategies enables us to drive sales growth. Across our consumer segment, we're also differentiating our brand and building capabilities. In 2018, we will continue to drive sales through additional investments and brand marketing, category management, analytical capabilities, and of course new products. New product innovation is an important way to differentiate our brand and drive growth. Our plans includes strengthening our spices and seasoning leadership through packaging innovation, expanding our organic range even further, and innovation in new flavors and varieties. In 2018, we will also continue to drive growth globally through e-commerce including pure play, brick-and-mortar customers, and direct to consumer. We will be making further investments to drive content, expanding resources to support acceleration and developing programs and items tailored to this channel. I'm also pleased to share that just a few days ago; we launched our direct to consumer e-commerce platform in China. Across our industrial segment, the migration of our portfolio to more technically insulated and value-added categories will continue in 2018 with the opportunities gained from the Giotti acquisition, the rapid growth across other flavor categories, such as in savory products, and in branded food service, where we also expect to realize further results against this strategy including the impact of Frank's RedHot, French's in our branded food service business. Our industrial plans in 2018 also continue to capitalize on our food first approach. Our deep understanding of food and the use of natural ingredients like herbs, spices, and extracts, this approach differentiates us from customers as they move their portfolios to more natural, better for you, and organic products, while ensuring the taste is not compromised. With this foundation, our customer intimacy and our expanded global supplier recognition, we expect to continue our new product momentum. We're also continuing our groundbreaking work in computational creativity to accelerate our development of consumer preferred flavors. We're looking forward to sharing more details regarding our 2018 sales growth plans and market dynamics in just a few weeks at CAGNY. Beyond our strategies to drive sales growth we will continue to focus on profit realization. We plan to achieve sales growth, adjusted operating income growth and adjusted earnings for share growth all ahead of our long-term objectives. Mike is now going to provide more details on our financial guidance and additional remarks on the financial results for the quarter. Before, I turn it over to him let me summarize on Slide 12. 2017 was a milestone year for McCormick. We achieved record financial results driven by both strong core business performance and acquisition. The RB Foods acquisition was made from a position of strength with a broad and advantaged portfolio our base business results continue to differentiate McCormick even more so now with contributions from French's and Frank's RedHot. We're driving strong momentum with our strategies to grow sales balanced with our work to lower costs to build fuel for growth and higher margin. Our success is driven by our people, our best and brightest asset as we bring the joy of flavor to life. I want to recognize McCormick employees around the world and thank them for their efforts and engagement. Looking forward, with this engagement, our effective strategies and momentum, we are well-positioned to deliver another strong year in 2018. Thank you for your attention and it is now my pleasure to turn it over to Mike.
Mike Smith: Thanks, Lawrence, and good morning everyone. As Lawrence indicated, our fourth quarter financial results were a strong finish to the year. I'll begin with some additional perspective on these results and discuss in more depth, our 2018 financial guidance. On a constant currency basis, we grew sales 20%, acquisitions pricing taking in response to higher material costs and higher volume and product mix each contributed to the increase as seen on Slide 14. In constant currency, both our consumer and industrial segments delivered strong top-line growth. The consumer segment grew sales 18% in constant currency, with increases in each of our three regions. Our acquisition of RB Foods contributed 14% of the sales growth. The combined growth from pricing, volume, and product mix improved sequentially from the previous quarters in 2017. On Slide 15, consumer segment sales in the Americas rose 24% in constant currency versus the fourth quarter of 2016 with 19% of the increase from the acquisition of RB Foods. The remaining increase was driven by pricing, new products, and expanded distribution, with growth achieved across the branded portfolio as well as in private label. EMEA consumer sales increased 2% in constant currency. This sales growth was led by the acquisition of RB Foods as well as Ducros and Vahine. Additionally, as Lawrence mentioned, we returned to sales growth in the UK as we lapped the impact versus a year ago of a large retailers reduction of shelf space for food products. We grew consumer sales in the in the Asia-Pacific region 4% in constant currency. In China, sales increases were driven by the base business including e-commerce as well as by new products. Sales growth in India was led by improved category management and the launch of spice mixes. For the consumer segment in total, we grew adjusted operating income 29% to $235 million. In constant currency, adjusted operating income also rose 28% from the year ago period. The impact of sales growth and cost savings more than offset increases in brand marketing, material cost, and freight costs. And as Lawrence mentioned, we expanded our consumer adjusted operating margin compared to the fourth quarter of last year by 160 basis points. Turning to our industrial segment in Slide 19, we had excellent results this quarter in both sales and profit, continuing our momentum from the first three quarters. Starting with sales growth, we grew constant currency sales 23% again with increases in each of our three regions. Our acquisitions of RB Foods and Giotti contributed 17% of the sales growth. We grew industrial sales in the Americas 24% in constant currency with RB Foods contributing 19%. The remaining growth was led by sales of snack seasonings in the U.S. and Mexico, a double-digit increase in savory flavor products, and continued growth in U.S. branded foods service. In the EMEA acquisitions primarily Giotti drove 22% of the 31% constant currency increase in the fourth quarter's industrial sales. We had solid growth with both quick service restaurants and packaged food customers. Sales growth was partially offset by the discontinuation in 2016 of a low margin South African business. We grew our industrial segment sales in the Asia-Pacific region 11% in constant currency. The main driver was strong sales to quick service restaurants in China, benefiting from both new products and promotional activities. As shown on Slide 23, adjusted operating income for the industrial segment ended the quarter up 70% at $72 million with minimal impact from currency. This increase was driven by the favorable impact of higher sales, a shift to more value-added products, and the impact of our CCI program which led to an adjusted operating margin expansion of 370 basis points compared to last year. For the fiscal year, we were very pleased with our industrial segments performance, with adjusted operating income growth of 37% in constant currency and adjusted operating margin expansion of 190 basis points. As Lawrence mentioned, we reached an 11.9% adjusted operating income margin in this segment for fiscal 2017. Our strategy to migrate our industrial portfolio to more value-added products is working. Across both segments, adjusted operating income which excludes the transaction and integration costs related to RB Foods and special charges rose 36% in the fourth quarter from the year ago period with minimal impact from currency. Adjusted operating margin expanded 220 basis points from the fourth quarter of 2016. For the fiscal year, the increase in adjusted operating income in constant currency was 21% and adjusted operating margin expanded 140 basis points. In the fourth quarter, we increased adjusted gross profit margin which excludes transaction and integration expenses related to RB Foods as well as special charges by 180 basis points year-on-year to 45.8%. We ended the full-year with a 50 basis point increase driven by product mix and CCI led cost savings. Our selling, general and administrative expense as a percentage of net sales was down year-on-year by 40 basis points from the fourth quarter of 2016. Leverage from sales growth as well as CCI led cost savings drove the decline. We realized this leverage while also increasing our brand marketing driven by the U.S. and China, as well as absorbing increased freight cost driven by constrained carrier capacity. We expect the elevated level of freight to continue into 2018. Below the operating income line, interest expense increased $31 million in the fourth quarter from the year ago period, primarily driven by the debt secured for the RB Foods financing. Turning to income taxes on Slide 25. The tax rate on an adjusted basis this quarter was favorably impacted by discrete tax items and was 26.2% compared to 29.1% in the year ago period. For the full-year, our adjusted tax rate was 26.1% compared to 26.0% in fiscal 2016. Income from unconsolidated operations was $10 million compared to $12 million in the fourth quarter of 2016 which included an impact from special charges attributable to minority interest in our joint ventures. Excluding this impact both the fourth quarter and full-year performance was comparable to 2016. We were pleased with this result for the fiscal year given the significant currency headwind for our joint venture in Mexico. For 2018, we expect our income from unconsolidated operations to be comparable to 2017. At the bottom-line, as shown on Slide 27, fourth quarter 2017 adjusted earnings per share was $1.54, up 21% from $1.27 for the year ago period, mainly due to higher adjusted operating income and a lower income tax rate partially offset by higher interest expense and shares outstanding. On Slide 28, we summarized highlights for cash flow and the year-end balance sheet. Our cash flow from operations ended the year at a record high of $850 million, up from $658 million in 2016. Working capital improvement was the main factor driving this increase. For the fiscal year, our cash conversion cycle was significantly better than the year ago period, down 12 days as we executed against programs to achieve working capital reductions such as extending payment terms with our suppliers and inventory management programs. We returned a portion of this cash flow to our shareholders through dividends. Additionally, we reduced our debt in the fourth quarter by $350 million including making a $250 million prepayment on our three-year term loan secured as part of the RB Foods Financing. We finished the year with a pro forma debt-to-adjusted EBITDA ratio of 4.5 times which was ahead of our target and positions us well to achieve our 3.0 times target by the end of 2020. Our capital expenditures were $182 million in line with our guidance and a step-up from prior years due to the completion of our Shanghai plant and construction in Southeast Asia to support our growth in that market. For 2018, we expect our capital spending to be approximately $200 million which includes the completion of our regional manufacturing facility in Thailand as well as incremental spending from the RB Foods acquisition. We expect 2018 to be another year of strong cash flow and we have plans to return a significant portion to our shareholders through dividends and to pay down debt. During my comments and Lawrence's we have already shared some remarks on 2018. So let's put this all together and discuss our guidance on Slide 29. We're well-positioned for another year of strong performance with a broad and advantage flavor portfolio, effective growth strategies, and focus on profit realization. As Lawrence indicated, our financial objectives for 2018 are above our long-term goals for sales, adjusted operating income, and adjusted earnings per share on a constant currency basis. At the top-line, we expect to grow sales 12% to 14% including an estimated one percentage point favorable impact from currency rates. The incremental impact of the RB Foods acquisition is projected to add approximately 8% of the sales growth. We anticipate the remaining increase will be driven primarily by higher volume and product mix. Pricing is expected to have a low-single-digit impact on sales growth related to the incremental impact of 2017 actions as well as moderate 2018 expected actions to offset cost increases. We expect a low-single-digit increase in material costs which combined with CCI and strategy execution on shifting to a more value-added portfolio leads to 2018 adjusted gross profit margin that is projected to be 150 to 200 basis points higher than 2017. We expect to increase adjusted operating income 23% to 25% from $786 million in 2017 which includes a one percentage point impact from favorable currency rates. Our cost savings target is at least $100 million and we are planning to increase brand marketing at a rate above our sales growth. Our 2018 income tax rate will be significantly impacted by the U.S. tax legislation enacted late in December 2017. The most significant changes in 2018 will be to our GAAP tax rate which will be impacted by the net favorable effect of two non-recurring items: first, the favorable impact of the revaluation of our U.S. net deferred tax liabilities partially offset by the unfavorable impact of a repatriation tax under that legislation. Due to the net favorable effect of these two non-recurring items, we expect that our fiscal year 2018 GAAP tax rate will be negative. We expect that our non-GAAP underlying effective tax rate for our fiscal year 2018 excluding the net favorable effect associated with these two non-recurring items will approximate 24% based upon our projected mix of earnings by country in addition to our state tax rate. Additionally, I want to note that this fiscal year 2018 tax rate will not be our enduring tax rate as the legislation is not fully effective for us and other non-calendar year companies until fiscal year 2019. We expect our enduring underlying effective tax rate to be slightly higher in 2019 and beyond. Our priorities have not changed because of the impact of the new U.S. tax legislation. We continue to have a balanced use of cash making investments to drive growth, returning cash to shareholders, and paying down debt. Our guidance range for adjusted earnings per share in 2018 is $4.80 to $4.90. This compares to $4.26 of adjusted earnings per share in 2017 and represents a 13% to 15% increase. This range of growth includes an estimated one percentage point impact from favorable currency rates. We expect that the impact of favorable currency will be greater in the first half of the year than in the second half. For the fiscal year, we expect our higher profit and working capital initiatives to lead to another year of strong cash flow. In summary, our 2018 constant currency outlook for sales, adjusted operating profit, and adjusted earnings per share growth is projected to be above each of our long-term objectives, following record double-digit performance across each objective in 2017. Our 2018 GAAP earnings per share range is projected to be $6.89 to $7.14. There are several projected 2018 adjustments which are expected to drive our GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation. First, approximately $23 million for integration expenses related to RB Foods which is in line with our previous estimate; second, approximately $18 million of special charges related to previously announced organizational and streamlining actions. And as I mentioned a few moments ago, the net impact of two non-recurring items required by the recent U.S. tax legislation, the favorable $400 million non-cash impact of the revaluation of our U.S. net deferred tax liabilities less the unfavorable $70 million to $90 million cash impact of the repatriation tax. This net impact is expected to be a tax benefit in 2018 ranging from approximately $310 million to $330 million. The total net impact of these adjustments is anticipated to be $2.09 to $2.24 favorable impact to our GAAP earnings per share. Finally, before we move to your questions, let me recap the key takeaways from my remarks this morning. With our fourth quarter results, we delivered a year of record sales, profit, and cash. Our results reflect effective execution of our balanced strategy to drive both sales and profit realization combined with the engagement of our employees around the world. Our performance continues to give us confidence in the momentum of our business and that we will have another successful year in 2018. Operator, let's take the first question.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we will be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Alexia Howard with Bernstein. Please proceed with your question.
Alexia Howard: Okay. So just a couple of areas, there's obviously a bit of confusion I guess about this conversion of the control brands to private label. Could you quantify how much that margin affected the IRI numbers in terms of the consumer takeaway and do you make the private label for that customer? And if you were to strip all that out, is your branded product in the U.S. still losing share to private label excluding the impact of that conversion and then I have a quick follow-up.
Lawrence Kurzius: Hey Alexia that you recently put out a note on this that I think described the situation very well. We try not to talk about specific customers. So you named a customer in that note, I'm not going to name that customer, but I think everyone know who we're talking about. There was a major customer with whom we had a control label brand that we sold exclusively to them and they made the decision as they have with many other brands to convert that brand to private label and we continue to be the manufacturer of that brand. The conversion of the brand itself reached to the data and that kind of all channel data as a big growth in private label with a big impact on us in that all channel data and that's a big driver of the difference between all channels and grocery. If you look at the grocery portion of the market, we actually gained share in herbs and spices in the fourth quarter but when you look at the multi-channel data, we lost about 90 basis points and that's because of that conversion with that customer. I'll just go on to further comment on that that the conversion in itself really is not financially meaningful to us. The margin structures of the business is comparable we're a substantial provider of private label or some spices to the industry, that's a profitable business for us and so this was neutral in that aspect. The customer did make the decision to have a very strong promotion and merchandising programs for that private label product through the holiday season. That was a detriment to both the category profitability for that customer and to the extent that there was trade down from the McCormick brand that was a -- that would have been a negative for us confined to that customer.
Alexia Howard: And then just as a follow-up --
Lawrence Kurzius: I think I hit all your points there by the way.
Alexia Howard: Yes, absolutely. Can I just follow-up on the e-commerce in the U.S., should we be worried that Amazon will be focusing heavily on its 365 brands since the Whole Foods Market acquisition with the online side and how profitable are your online sales in the U.S. relative to the brick-and-mortar stores and I will pass it on. Thank you so much.
Lawrence Kurzius: Again I hate to talk about specific customers. So I'll speak to e-commerce pretty broadly. Our e-commerce growth I think we've mentioned on the call globally last year was 67%, it was very strong in the U.S. we have one of our largest customer teams dedicated to the customer that you named and our business with them is pretty strong and robust. We don't see an undue impact on private label in that customer. And I think if you did a survey of the front pages of the spice section and went line-by-line through it, you'd find that we're pretty -- you'd find that we're very well represented actually. This is an area that we've over invested in for several years now we continue to over invest in it. We expect very strong growth in e-commerce as a channel through -- certainly through 2018 and we believe that this is founded on our belief that consumers ultimately will shop for food where they shop for everything else which means it's going to be a very strong e-commerce component. So we continue to invest heavily in this. I have to say we're pretty strong with the performance -- we are pretty pleased with the performance of our e-commerce business. This is one of the areas where we think we are ahead of the curve and we're bringing an awful lot to the party with the brands that we acquire. We also saw with the RB Foods brands, Frank's and French's are somewhat underrepresented in e-commerce, so well be able to grow those along with our platform.
Alexia Howard: And are margins are they comparable and I will pass it on.
Lawrence Kurzius: Oh, sorry. Yes, I'd say so, yes, absolutely.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Robert Moskow: Hi thank you. I guess I'd like to ask about the planned trade promotion reductions that you mentioned by RB. Can I assume that that's mostly just French's Mustard and maybe if you break down how RB is performing a little more in a little more detail is Frank's still growing the way you expected and maybe a little bit about your plans for growth on both of these for 2018 and how you're coping with the trade promotion in the first quarter?
Lawrence Kurzius: Great, hey well first of all good morning, Rob and Happy New Year. The reduction in trade promotion was planned by the seller. So this is part of the promotional plan that we -- that we inherited from the seller that was already in place in the prior year, the brand some promotions that were unprofitable that moved a lot of volume but at a margin loss. So those promotions were planned to be scaled back and if you were to -- if you -- I don't know if you all do this in the Nielsen Data that you have, but in our IRI Data, we can separate base volume from incremental volume from promoted volume. The base volume component on the French's business, and when I say French's business I'm including Frank's it was not just French's Mustard it was French's and Frank's RedHot as well. The underlying business shows good base business growth that was on the incremental volume part that that the decline occurred and again that was planned that would have been expected by running fewer of these unprofitable promotions. We're pretty pleased with the off-take trends. I will admit that we've had some supply chain hiccups along the way. I would say that the -- we're still operating under a transition services agreement with the seller. I would say that we would have put a different priority on some of the customer service needs than as the owner of the brand then they would as being no longer the owner. And so I would expect to see that improve. And I also think that as we bring our category management and other analytical tools to bear which were really capabilities that they did not have as we bring those to bear, we're going to see improving trends on both brands as we go through fiscal 2018. Once we have this fully under our control, we've got the sales organizations consolidated in the fourth quarter; we get full control of supply chain and logistics in a few days, I just I think that that there is -- when we have this fully in our control, we're going to do better. We have already with our selling organization begun securing additional distribution points and at a number of important customers improved shelf placement and improved share of shelf. So I'm pretty optimistic about it, so.
Robert Moskow: And just one follow-up question, from an operating profit standpoint, I mean fourth quarter results were just a little bit late versus us and I think the Street and then the guidance a little bit late to sales in line. How do they compare to your internal expectations for operating profit?
Mike Smith: Hey Rob, this is Mike. We gave guidance at the third quarter call of operating profit increase of 20% to 21%. So we came at 19.7%, so slightly short as you noted. As most of the rest of the industry, we saw an uptick in freight in the fourth quarter especially due to carrier constraints, so that was part of the miss. We also -- we over delivered the CCI which helped the gross margin line but we invested some of that in A&P and we gave guidance of high-single-digit growth in A&P for the full-year and we came in at almost 10%. So we did invest a little bit more behind primarily in North America and China we had strong holiday programs for that holiday and also the liquid gravies. In China we're opening a key model stores a lot of digital support over there. So we're reinvesting some of those earnings and that was really but freight I'd say is a big driver of that.
Robert Moskow: Okay. But your guidance is for low-single-digit material cost inflation, Mike, so does that includes the freight element or is that on top of that?
Mike Smith: For next year, remember we have freight on inbound, freight goes to cost of goods sold but we have freight for outbound distribution that goes through SG&A. So when you see couple of people noted SG&A is up is because of outbound distribution freight. Most companies put it into cost of goods sold.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Akshay Jagdale with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Akshay Jagdale: Thank you. Good morning, thanks for the question. I wanted to follow-up on Alexias questioning around the U.S. business and just thinking more sort of long-term brand health wise and category management, just your update on the initiatives there. I know in our recent conversation I had with you Lawrence you mentioned that you felt confident that about the health of the business and that consumers are not trading down to private label even though the optics a little bit confusing on our end, right? So can you just give us a higher level view of why you're confident of that, any data points you could share there that would be helpful? And then as it relates to your category management initiatives, can you tell us sort of where you are or where your retail customers are in adopting some of the changes that you have suggested over the years and why is that one of your largest customers is seemingly doing something that you would not have suggested? And then just lastly when should we expect to see market share gains if that is an expectation you have because 4% growth is a pretty good outcome in the losing share. So I just want to make sure, you still have that goal of growing share? Thank you, great.
Lawrence Kurzius: Sure thanks. That was a long question, so Akshay I'll try and touch on everything but if missed something remind me at the end. And I'll start with that 4% growth that you mentioned. McCormick brands were up 4% in urban spice category in the U.S. in the fourth quarter, private label certainly was up by more than that but I don't know if you all have noticed that all other brands were down almost 4%. You know at least in our category, this idea of challenger brands is two years ago news. As private label grows, and we as the largest player in the category grow, those smaller players are the ones that are really suffering and who are actually losing volume. So both McCormick and private label are growing. Private label growth numbers are bigger than ours and so we have lost some share, but again that was in that all channel and is a bit distorted by what's happening at one particular non-grocery customer. If you look at grocery alone, we gained share in the fourth quarter and we continue to be optimistic that we're going to -- that we not just optimistic, we continue to drive plan to grow share in herbs and spices in the U.S. I'll point out that we participated in a lot of other categories. We gained share in recipe mixes which is a significant category for us and I would expect that growth -- that share growth to continue. I would expect that in condiments, it will also be a share gain as we go through 2018. That all said, we're also not chasing unprofitable growth and we recognize that we participate in the profitable growth of the private label side of the business as well and so that figures into our calculations as well. Did I get everything there Akshay?
Akshay Jagdale: Yes. You got most of it just one follow-up on that and then I have a question for Mike but the follow-up I had was so I mean should we -- should we just expect an absolute sort of growth number more so than market share gains when we're looking at specifically the Nielsen Data, I mean like 4% growth is nothing to apologize about, right? And so I'm just wondering if we should have an expectation for market share gains in a category that's growing 6% in the U.S. and then I have a follow-up for Mike.
Lawrence Kurzius: I will still stand by what I said about U.S. herbs and spices. We are a company that is pretty competitive and I think that right now there's some a bit of distortion because of what's happening on the private label side. But it'd be our expectation to get back to share growth and it's certainly one of our -- one of our goal. I'll admit it has been more elusive than I would have liked it to be.
Mike Smith: And don't underestimate the fact that gaining share in a grocery using its category management tools, we've really made a lot of progress with the grocery customers, so we're really happy internally about that and we think we can replicate that with the customer that has made this decision.
Lawrence Kurzius: Some of these decisions are being driven by broader store categories rather than a strategy related to herbs and spices specifically. So there is a lot of concern for customers that are targeting the same consumer segment that the discounters entering the market are countering and they have very strong efforts to differentiate themselves and establish strong positions on price to protect themselves at that end and that's driven some of the strategies that may be irrational for the categories a whole but might make sense for them as a retailer brand.
Akshay Jagdale: Perfect. In the interest of time, I will get back in line, thank you.
Mike Smith: Thanks, Akshay.
Lawrence Kurzius: Thanks, Akshay.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Andrew Lazar: So to wrap some of this together a little bit and maybe hard to parse out some of this but if we were to try and best we can account for the control brand conversion that you've talked about as well as the better growth that you see in a lot of the unmeasured channels. I guess how much closer to the 6.5% category growth rate do you think McCormick would have been understanding that you are gaining share in grocery because I guess what I'm getting at it, it seems like the gap had been the market share gap had been narrowing. And then given some of these other distortions maybe it's widened again but I'm trying to get a sense of it ex those distortions if it really has been widening or not.
Lawrence Kurzius: I don't have the hard numbers on that, Andrew. I think that's a great question. I would say that we've got the same sense though, we've gotten to share growth position in grocery as we were just saying and unmeasured channels are contributing a substantial part of growth they were I mean it contributed about 1.4% to our growth rate in the fourth quarter and so they are very meaningful for us. It's hard to put a number on it. We do believe that we're making progress I'll also say that we believe that the -- that this control label issue is really more around the promotional and merchandising activity that the customer put behind it in the holiday season. They already have recognized that it was unprofitable for them and have made change that strategy and we see that really as more of a short-term phenomena than as an enduring issue. And so there's a lot of noise in the in the month-to-month date and if you hang any one particular month or even 12-week period you can be let astray.
Mike Smith: Also Andrew you have to be careful with when we take pricing because of the pricing differential between brand and private label so we take a 2% price increase because private label they're passing through pennies on black pepper and vanilla, their percentage increase on pricing is higher maybe it's 3% so that's a little bit of that that gain of share that you're seeing.
Andrew Lazar: Got it. That's helpful perspective. Thank you and obviously historically you've been pretty effective at ultimately pointing out the data to certain large retailers and getting them to sort of come around which I would assume you'll do pretty aggressively this time around as well. One follow-up would be on the pricing you mentioned some incremental pricing that you took in 2018 was that similarly on where you've taken pricing before like vanilla and garlic or is a little bit broader based. And I think last quarter you mentioned the elasticity around volume was even a little bit below perhaps what you had expected is that still kind of the trend that you've seen with respect to the incremental pricing. Thank you.
Mike Smith: Andrew it's a little different in 2017 we were taking we had mid-single-digit cost increases primarily led by garlic and vanilla. Garlic has come back down as we thought. Vanilla stayed pretty high, and actually, that's still going up, a lot of crop shortage still. What we're seeing in 2018 black pepper is continuing the trend down which is great, garlic as I mentioned before, other commodities like cinnamon are going up, and packaging is going up some flexible film, oils going back up, so plastics and things like that. So we're going to do some surgical pricing, most of the pricing impact you'll see coming through the P&L will be from last year's pricing wrap however there's not a lot of new pricing planned for this year more surgical base.
Lawrence Kurzius: But Andrew I think you're asking about 2017 pricing that we actually got away and that was definitely more surgically targeted.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from the line of David Driscoll with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
David Driscoll: I feel that was targeted towards me as the next speaker here, thank you for the opportunity to ask one question so I'll keep it one. That's fine. I'm sure theres plenty of a good questions coming after me. Tax rate just wanted to talk a little bit about what went into the 24% I think the overall tax rate guidance was like 27% but pretty much you guys had kind of come in at 26% for much years and then it's something like 60% in the business as U.S. the 14 point percentage reduction in the statutory federal rate would have suggested to us a larger impact then what you guys are talking about with the 24%. And then I think you said in your prepared comments that after the next fiscal year it actually goes up a little bit more. So we just love to hear a few of your comments about how this tax reform affected you, maybe why wasn't it maybe more like 21%? And then the final related point here was, did you reinvest any of those savings? And I'll leave it there. Thank you.
Mike Smith: I think you got three questions in there, David, now. This is Mike. Yes, our guidance is 24% that's really that the underlying tax rate. As you know we've given guidance in the past 28% to 29%. You have the discrete tax items which came through stock comp income has come through. That's new accounting rules. This quarter we had some settlements on some tax audits which were favorable. So when you think about 24% I compare that to the 28% to 29% but there are -- we've been favorable in the last couple of years as you've mentioned we've gone down to 26% for the last three to four years in a row. But overall this is a positive for us. This is a transition year for us we're non-calendar year company. So the first month is at 35%. The next 11 months are at 21%. The full tax bill doesn't come into effect for us until 2019. So some of the non-U.S. income minimum taxes like the guilty tax or the de-tax don't come in until 2019 so that's why we're saying the underlying tax rate of 24% might slightly go up in 2019 but we're -- and don't forget state and local. I think everyone forgets the 1% to 2% for state and local as you do your model so consider those. From a capital allocation perspective we're not changing anything. We're -- we have invest -- we'll invest the savings in growth. We invest them in -- we're a dividend aristocrat, continue to pay dividends on our accelerated EPS growth, and we pay down debt which we're really excited about paying down the RB debt faster just like we did the prepayment in 2017.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Rob Dickerson with Deustche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Rob Dickerson: Thank you very much. Good morning. Just one I guess my one question is just rates of reinvestment on RB Foods. I know I think when you announced that the acquisition, I asked about reinvestment. The bit of the line at that point was basically this is a very well run business and had sizable or let's say substantial enough investment to support the brands. And I realize even though there is some distortions in some tracked channel data that we're seeing. Overall we're not those tracked channels actually are still significant. And what we're not seeing is -- let's call it a higher rate of growth than I think we would have expected. So I'm just wondering on the reinvestment side as you guide to brand investment being higher than the rate of sales has that -- has the forecast for your investment increased for 2018 relative to maybe where you saw it and whether or not it has where do you plan on really strategically investing the most is it on spices, is it on R&D etcetera? Thanks.
Lawrence Kurzius: Well, I'll take the sales side of it and I'll pass it over to Mike to talk about the reinvestment side. And I will just say that our plan for RB sales growth and in fact absolute sales dollars for fiscal 2018 exactly matches our acquisition model and we still are expecting strong growth under our full ownership. We are still expecting the same level of accretion that we talked about when we did the deal and if anything our early experience with the brand has been more positive than that we expected we are seeing, I'd say more opportunities than we initially assessed in the food service side of the business. We are experiencing some tremendous growth in the Canadian market and we're off to a really good start in the conversion of the whole international business to our very robust international infrastructure. So I'd say, if anything well our internal plans are tied to the original model that we are more optimistic about the growth potential of the brand than we were in the beginning. So Mike can I --
Mike Smith: Yes, I think overall we're happy with the level of advertisement and conversion of RB in total dollars. But as we said, in a call three months ago we're going to focus it on higher ROI investments. Good example is they haven't had new TV ad for seven years. So we're going to -- we're developing a new ad now which will we believe in TV investments and A&P has high IRR, just like digital does. So those are the types of things we're going to do, but we're still within the model's bounds.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question for today comes from the line of Brett Hundley with The Vertical Group. Please proceed with your question.
Brett Hundley: Hey good morning guys and thanks for taking my questions. It's related to organic revenue growth and I really wanted to isolate the U.S. retail market and just talk about gaining share versus an overall growth rate that you desire and really the crux of the question is just when we do store walks at least here in and in my Mid-Atlantic region we are seeing some retailers drop assortment or linear space for some categories including spices, some condiment areas and so I'm just curious, if that is more broad-based going forward across more regions, do you still believe that you can grow at an overall growth rate that you want in that environment as you filter in e-commerce or do you think that shareholders should maybe shift growth expectations a little bit towards more international?
Lawrence Kurzius: Well first of all I would say that our organic growth rate in the U.S. market is pretty strong. I mean we were nearly 5% in the fourth quarter and excluding acquisitions and I think that we have no reason which is right in the middle of our kind of our long-term guidance for the company as a whole. And so we have and we see no reason to back off of that, again as you look at herbs and spices specifically, weve grown private labels grown -- it's been those other brands that have gotten killed on a lot of the shelf space losses have been to them notwithstanding the stores you've gone to. And by the way, send Kasey, after this call, will list all those stores. So I can get on the right sales team. But notwithstanding your observation, weve actually gained points of distribution in the last year and we would expect to continue to do so in 2018. So I think our outlook for organic growth in the U.S. continues to be strong and I think and we would expect a good balance of U.S. base and international growth. Mike do you want to add to that?
Mike Smith: I think, again, just to reiterate our category management tools are probably influencing some of the things youre seeing with some of the pacing of smaller brands going away.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we have come to end of our time for questions. Ill turn the floor back to Mr. Kurzius for any final comments.
Lawrence Kurzius: Well thanks everyone for your questions and my apologies for those to whom we didn't get to in the queue. We have gone more than 10 minutes over time and so I would encourage you to give Kasey Jenkins a call after we conclude here because we want to take everybody's questions and thank you for participating in today's call. McCormick is a global leader in flavor, and we're differentiated with a broad and advantaged portfolio which continues to drive growth, we're responding readily to changes in the industry with new ideas, innovation, and purpose with a keen focus on growth, performance, and people we continue to perform strong globally and build shareholder value. I'm incredibly proud of the top tier 2017 business results we delivered, and where McCormick is as a company on our continued growth trajectory, Im confident in our continuing momentum for growth in 2018 and I look forward to reporting to you on the shareholder value we will continue to create.
Kasey Jenkins: Thank you, Lawrence. And thanks everyone for joining todays call. If you have any further questions regarding todays information you can reach me at (410) 771-7140. This concludes this morning's conference.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-09-28 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Kasey Jenkins - VP, IR Lawrence Kurzius - Chairman, President & CEO Mike Smith - EVP & CFO
Analysts: Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Alexia Howard - AllianceBernstein Ken Goldman - JPMorgan Brandon Groeger - Vertical Group David Driscoll - Citi Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs
Kasey Jenkins: Good morning. This is Kasey Jenkins, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you for joining todays call for a discussion of McCormicks Third Quarter Financial Results and our current outlook for 2017. To accompany this call, we have posted a set of slides at ir.mccormick.com. [Operator Instructions] With me this morning are Lawrence Kurzius, Chairman, President and CEO; and Mike Smith, Executive Vice President and CFO. During our remarks, we will refer to non-GAAP financial measures. These include adjusted growth margins, adjusted operating income, and adjusted earnings per share that exclude the impact of transaction and integration expenses related to the Reckitt Benckiser Foods or RB Foods acquisition and special charges, as well as information in constant currency. Reconciliations to the GAAP results are included in this mornings press release and slides. As a reminder, todays presentation contains projections and other forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from those projected. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or other factors. As seen on Slide 2, our forward-looking statements also provide information on risk factors that could affect our financial results. It is now my pleasure to turn the discussion over to Lawrence.
Lawrence Kurzius: Thank you, Kasey. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. Our third quarter performance led by sales growth was incredibly strong with results which continue to differentiate McCormick. We drove double-digit adjusted operating income growth and expanded our adjusted operating income margin that makes seven consecutive quarters of margin expansion. The strengthen in our base business drove adjusted earnings per share growth of 9% versus the third quarter of last year and our results are not the only great news of the quarter. In the third quarter we had an important and exciting milestone for McCormick. We announced and then subsequently closed on our acquisition of RB Foods on August 17. This is the largest deal in our company's history. The acquisition strengthens our flavor leadership with the addition of iconic French's and Frank's RedHot brands to our portfolio which are now our number two and number three brands respectively. This flavorful product portfolio with simple high-quality clean ingredients fits perfectly within McCormick as we continue to capitalize on the growing consumer interest in healthy flavorful eating. McCormick now has leading positions in categories to consumers use most when flavoring fresh foods. Our one-stop shop for condiment, spice and seasoning needs provides our customers and our consumers with an even more diverse and complete flavor product offering. This transaction reinforces our focus on growth, reflects McCormick's commitment to making every meal and moment better, and drives significant shareholder value. Ill comment more on RB Foods integration and business in a few moments, and Mike will also address our updated fiscal 2017 outlook which includes the impact of RB Foods. But first speaking of our focus on growth, I'm pleased to further discuss our third quarter results and provide some business updates. McCormick's strong third quarter results continue our momentum for growth and reflect the effectiveness of our strategies and the engagement of our employees around the world. We're driving both sales growth and significant productivity improvements. We deliver growth in sales and on an adjusted basis, operating income, earnings per share, and operating margin expansion. With our year-to-date performance and growth momentum heading into the last quarter of fiscal '17, as well as the acquisition of RB Foods, we are well-positioned to deliver excellent financial results in fiscal year '17. Our strength this quarter like last quarter was evident in our topline results. In constant currency we grew sales 8% for the total company with solid performance from both segments. Base business growth, new products and acquisitions are three drivers of long-term sales growth were all contributing factors. Incremental sales from acquisitions contributed 4%, including 2% from RB Foods subsequent to the transaction closed. Year-to-date we have grown sales in constant currency 6%. In the third quarter, we increased constant currency adjusted operating income 19% and expanded our adjusted operating income margin by 140 basis points. These results were led by the higher sales and savings from our comprehensive continuous improvement program CCI. Both segments on an adjusted basis achieved an increase in operating income and higher operating income margins. Year-to-date we've achieved 13% constant currency increase in adjusted operating income above the high-end of our guidance and have expanded our adjusted operating income margin 70 basis points. We're extremely pleased with our third quarter adjusted earnings per share of $1.12 which was 9% higher than the year ago period. Our strong growth and adjusted operating income drove this increase partially offset by a higher 2017 tax rate and an increase in interest expense from debt related to the RB Foods acquisition. Overall, RB Foods adjusted earnings per share impact was neutral as two weeks of operating results offset three weeks of interest expense. Keep in mind that the year-to-date comparison of adjusted earnings per share for the third quarter includes the unfavorable impact of foreign currency exchange rates. Id like to turn next to some business updates. I will begin with highlights from our consumer and industrial segments and follow with some comments on RB Foods. In the consumer segment starting with the Americas, we grew constant currency sales by 7% including 3% from our acquisition of RB Foods. Base business growth of 4% was driven by higher pricing volume and product mix. This growth was a sequential improvement from the growth in the first two quarters of the year. In the U.S., our IRI data indicated strong third quarter category dollar growth for spices and seasonings at 7%. During the same period, McCormick's U.S. branded spices and seasonings grew 5%. As in the past quarters we have continued to have strong growth in unmeasured channels including club, e-commerce and Hispanic retail chains. Overall, we continue to see good growth in our spice and seasoning brands in the U.S. market. We narrowed the gap on market share loss and we know we have more room to grow. Our products remain well aligned and on trend with consumer demand for flavorful healthy eating. Environment remains dynamic and we're well-positioned to capitalize on these changes through increased brand marketing and commercial resources a greater focus on customer intimacy and greater product innovation. We are staying relevant with the consumer and have compelling product offering for every retail strategy. Our outlook for the U.S. sales of spices and seasonings for the balance of the year remains strong and unchanged from our prior projections. We remain confident in the initiatives we have underway to position us to continue our trajectory of long-term growth. We have several successes and initiatives in place which drive our optimism for the Americas consumer businesses. To name a few, we remain excited and are experiencing strong retail acceptance on our significant second half innovation lineup that we outlined on our June earnings call. This includes a new breakfast platform, and ready-to-serve gravies. We're strengthening consumption of spices and seasonings and dollars and units and a broad consumption in other areas as well. Kitchen Basics, Simply Asia, Stubb's, Gourmet Garden and McCormick recipe mixes. Canada is also growing consumption in spices and seasonings and recipe mixes. We're increasing brand awareness through our brand marketing investments and it is paying off. We made successful investments in Grill Mates and Stubb's. In the fourth quarter, we will be investing in marketing and support of our new products, as well as the holiday season. We see continued success with our content creation and consumer engagement in the digital space. Just last month we were recognized for the fourth straight year by L2 Research in their digital IQ index. This year we were ranked third among approximately 100 food brands for effectiveness of website, e-commerce, digital and social media. And importantly our products remain well aligned and on trend with consumer demand for flavorful healthy eating. Now turning outside the Americas, in Europe, Middle East and Africa, EMEA, a difficult retail environment has persisted and affected our consumer business. The primary impact is in the U.K. where a challenging retail environment has hindered our performance driven by a large retailer's reduction of shelf space for food products. During the third quarter we began to lap this impact versus year ago and saw sequential improvement in that region versus the prior quarter's performance. Additionally, we're building momentum with the new product introductions we mentioned in our June earnings call. In the Asia-Pacific region, China grew sales with liquid products the most common way of flavoring in China. E-commerce growth continued to be strong and we expect this performance to continue throughout 2017. We're also pleased with our performance in India where sales grew at a double-digit rate. We are also excited about our recent spice mix launch in India. Third quarter sales across the consumer segment were up 5% over the year ago period in constant currency. With the benefit of higher sales and our CCI led cost savings, we grew third quarter adjusted operating income 9% in constant currency and expanded our consumer adjusted operating income margin by 80 basis points. Turning to the industrial segment. We had exceptional performance starting at the topline with 14% constant currency sales growth. All three of our regions contributed double-digit constant currency sales growth this quarter. In the Americas, we have broad-based sales growth across the entire portfolio. We continue to benefit from shifting our portfolio to more value-added products, expanded distribution, increasing trend in consumer snacking and from our customers moving forward with better for you products. A significant part of our volume increase for the quarter was driven by new products. We had successes with new customers and are making inroads with additional restaurant chains. In our branded food service business we had double-digit sales growth driven by expanded distribution. Together these successes are driving not only topline growth but strong profit growth as well. In EMEA, incremental sales from our Giotti acquisition contributed to double-digit sales growth in the third quarter of 2017. Our integration is progressing well and nearing completion and were delighted with Giotti sales and profit performance. Base sales in the region continue to benefit from winning with our customers to new product, expanded distribution and promotional activities with quick service restaurants. Industrial sales in Asia Pacific region mainly China benefited from new products and promotional activities of quick service restaurants. We continue to see positive results from our margin improvement strategy in this segment with the migration of our portfolio to more technically insulated and value-added categories, flavors and branded food service. This portfolio shift including the addition of Giotti, strong brand growth in branded foodservice and growth in flavors such as savory flavors from brand aromatics has been a significant driver of the increase in adjusted operating income margin in our 2017 results. In the addition of Frank's RedHot and French's in our branded foodservice business will further shift the portfolio and favorably impact margins. The segment is overall 40% constant currency sales growth portfolio shift and our cost reduction efforts drove a 44% constant currency increase in adjusted operating income. We expanded our industrial segment adjusted operating margin 270 basis points from the third quarter of 2016. Concluding my business updates I'm excited to discuss RB Foods further. First, the RB Foods employees have built a great business and we were pleased to welcome them to McCormick. We've begun to collectively integrate the business and drive plans to capitalize on the growth and synergy opportunities. Integration activities are well underway. We have a dedicated team in place executing against our plan to transition RB Foods into our business. Customer response to the acquisition has been favorable as we offer broader portfolio to meet their needs. Our alignment of the commercial organizations is underway to create a stronger focused team to deliver on opportunities quickly and aggressively drive growth. As we gain a deeper understanding of the business, we become even more excited and confident that we will deliver our acquisition plan and meet our performance expectations. This confidence has also bolstered by our strong history of successfully integrating and delivering performance on our recent deals. Brand Aromatics, Gourmet Garden, Kitchen Basics, Stubb's and Wuhan Asia-Pacific Condiments. We've created value, achieved synergy and our obtaining results for our plans. Our strong year-to-date 2017 results include significant contributions from these recent acquisitions. We were pleased with RB Foods approximately two weeks contribution to our third quarter results. Like McCormick space, the RB Foods business is a seasonal one for sales being waited heavier and operating profit even more so in the fourth quarter. Based on the plan the RB Foods team already have in place, we expect a strong holiday season. As you may know, French's crispy vegetables are holiday tradition. The commercial organizations quickly connected to ensure strong fourth quarter execution. We're excited to have just begun the most profitable quarter for our entire portfolio and look forward to delivering excellent fiscal year 2017 results. Our enthusiasm for this acquisition and our confidence that the combination of our powerful flavor brands will drive significant shareholder value continues to grow. We are well-positioned to capitalize on the opportunities for growth and cost savings. We reaffirm that we expect the transaction to be accretive to McCormick's adjusted earnings per share in its first 12 months with an increase of approximately 5% excluding the transaction and integration expenses, as well as our ongoing RB Foods amortization expense. This expectation increases to approximately 10%, one synergies or fully realized. Now let me summarize by restating that we have achieved strong results to the first three quarters of 2017. Our base business results continue to differentiate McCormick and we're excited by our momentum even more so now with the incremental contribution from RB Foods. We have confidence in our growth plans for the new products across both our consumer and industrial segments, strong brand marketing programs, and are opportunities to expand distribution. We're balancing our resources and efforts to drive sales growth with our work to lower costs. Our expected sales growth and focus on profit realization will drive excellent 2017 results as indicated in our updated outlook which Mike will review detail in a few moments. I want to recognize McCormick employees around the world including those recently added with the RB Foods acquisition for their focus on growth, driving high performance and engaging in our success. It is now my pleasure to turn it over to Mike. Mike?
Mike Smith: Thanks Lawrence and good morning everyone. Ill provide some additional remarks and insights on our third quarter results, provide an update on our RB Foods financing activities and conclude with the details of our updated 2017 financial outlook. As a reminder, our third quarter results reflect two weeks of the RB Foods operations, and three weeks of acquisition related financing costs. Overall, the RB Foods impact to the adjusted EPS was neutral in the third quarter. As Lawrence mentioned, we're very pleased with our strong third quarter results and have good momentum heading into our last quarter of 2017. On a constant currency basis, we grew sales 8%, acquisitions pricing taken in response to higher material costs, and higher volume and product mix each contributed to the increase as seen on Slide 11. Both segments grew sales with the industrial segment being particularly strong. The consumer segment grew sales 5% which is a sequential improvement from the first and second quarter growth. On Slide 12, consumer segment sales in the Americas rose 7% at constant currency with 3% from pricing actions, as well as higher volume and product mix on the base business. Pricing actions were taken in response to commodity increases and the expected elasticity impacts were reflected at volume and mix on this slide. Additional sales were driven by new products, expanded distribution and increases in base unit consumption. Drivers of the sales growth include McCormick and Lawry's brand spices and seasonings, Gourmet Garden and Stubb's products, and McCormick brand recipe mixes. Partially offsetting this growth was sales weaknesses in Zatarain's products. The acquisition of RB Foods contributed 3% in constant currency growth. In EMEA, constant currency sales were down 2% from a year ago. Similar to the first half of the year, the primary decrease was in the U.K. where a challenging retail market continues to adversely impact sales. This included a reduction in the number of Schwartz brand products by a large U.K. retailer which has been rationalizing its portfolio to gain space for general merchandise. As Lawrence mentioned, we started to lap this impact during our third quarter. Consumer sales in the Asia-Pacific region were up 3% in constant currency. In China, sales increases were driven by liquid products including sauces and cooking wines partially offset by the timing following a strong second quarter. Sales growth in India was led by new consumer pack formats, price management, and a launch of spice mixes. For the consumer segment in total, our third quarter adjusted operating income rose 10% to $140 million. In constant currency, adjusted operating income rose 9% from the year ago period. The impact of sales growth, CCI led cost savings, and favorable selling, general and administrative costs more than offset higher material costs and higher brand marketing. Turning to our industrial segment and Slide 16, we had had excellent results this quarter in both sales and profit continuing our momentum from the first half of the year. Starting with sales growth, we grew constant currency sales 14% with increases in each of our three regions. Our acquisitions of Giotti, and RB Foods contributed 7% of the sales growth. As shown on Slide 17, we grew industrial sales in Americas 10% in constant currency with RB Foods contributing 4%. The remaining growth was broad-based and led by pricing actions, as well as continued momentum in branded foodservice. Base business growth and new products drove sales increases to both packaged food companies and quick service restaurants. Sales of Giotti contributed 25% of our 31% constant currency growth in EMEA. The remaining growth was driven by higher volume and product mix and pricing in response to rising commodity costs with both quick service restaurants and packaged food companies. Sales growth was partially offset by the discontinuation of low margin South African business. We grew industrial segment sales in the Asia-Pacific region 17% in constant currency. The main driver was strong sales to quick service restaurants in the region benefiting from both new products and promotional activities. As shown on Slide 20, adjusted operating income for the industrial segment ended the quarter up 43% as $64 million. In constant currency, the growth was even greater at 44% driven by higher sales, a shift to more value-added products, the impact of our CCI program, and lower selling, general and administrative costs. We increased marketing for this segment in support of our branded foodservice business. Across both segments, adjusted operating income which excludes the transaction and integration costs related to RB Foods and the special charges rose 18% in the third quarter from the year ago period. In constant currency, adjusted operating income grew by 19%. Adjusted operating margin expanded 140 basis points from the third quarter of 2016. Adjusted gross margin which excludes transaction costs related to RB Foods was down year-on-year, a 20 basis point decline. This decline was driven by a stronger mix of industrial sales in the third quarter of 2017 than the year ago period. Our selling, general and administrative expense as a percentage of net sales was down year-on-year by 160 basis points from the third quarter of 2016. Leverage from sales growth, as well as CCI led cost savings, and favorable employee related costs during the period drove the decline. We realized this leverage while also increasing our brand marketing $8 million driven by the U.S. Below the operating income line, interest expense increased $7 million in the third quarter of 2017 from the year ago period primarily driven by the debt secured on August 11 for the RB Foods financing. Turning to income taxes on Slide 22, the tax rate on a GAAP basis this quarter was 24.8% compared to 22.3% in the year ago period. Both periods were favorably impacted by discrete tax items. We continue to expect the rate for the full year to approximate 28% which considers the change in accounting for taxes related to equity awards. Despite unfavorable currency, income from unconsolidated operations was comparable to the year ago period. The performance of our largest joint venture McCormick de Mexico has been masked by the unfavorable currency impact as it continues to perform well with sales on constant currency up 9% year-to-date. Based on prevailing currency rates, we continue to expect a mid to high single-digit decline in 2017 income from unconsolidated operations. At the bottom line as shown on Slide 24, third quarter 2017 adjusted earnings per share was $1.12 up 9% from $1.03 for the year ago period mainly due to the higher adjusted operating income offset partially by higher tax rate and an increase in interest expense. This year-to-year comparison includes the unfavorable impact from currency on both consolidated and unconsolidated income. We've summarized highlights for cash flow in the quarter and balance sheet on Slide 25. To the first three quarters of 2017, cash flow from operations was $303 million compared to $322 million in the year ago period. This decline is driven by the timing of income tax payments and incentive compensation payments related to 2016's financial performance, as well as payments related to the RB Foods transaction expenses. We returned $312 million of cash to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases and used $108 million for capital expenditures. In regards to the RB Foods acquisition, Slide 26 shows an update on our financing activities, as well as refined estimates related to one-time cost and amortization expense. First, in August prior to the closing, we completed an equity issuance, secured financing of new debt including prepayable term loans and senior notes, and kept an investment-grade rating. We expect to deleverage to approximately three times debt-to-EBITDA by the end of fiscal 2020. By curtailing our share repurchase program and M&A activities, and utilizing the expected strong cash flow from the combined businesses, we will pay down prepayable debt. We're committed to returning to our historic credit profile over time. We have paid a dividend for 90 consecutive years with annual increases in the past 31 consecutive years. We are dividend aristocrat and plan to maintain that status. Related to our financing activities, our interest expense is estimated to be favorable versus our original expectations driven by lower interest rates. The shares issued were approximately 6.4 million which was higher than originally estimated. It is important to note that the impact of the share issuance will be different in the third and fourth quarters versus a full year due to the calculation of average shares outstanding. For fiscal year 2017, we now expect our shares outstanding to be comparable to fiscal year 2016, which is a change from our previous expectation of reducing shares outstanding 2% in 2017. Our current outlook reflects the net impact of the shares repurchased through the first half of 2017, the average impact of the shares issuance in August, and the subsequent curtailment of the repurchases. Our increased annual amortization expense was previously estimated in the $20 million to $25 million range. We now expect this range to be $8 million to $10 million based upon a preliminary evaluation of the acquired assets. And finally as stated in our acquisition announcement, we expected to incur approximately $140 million of transaction and integration expenses with the majority to be incurred in 2017. These expenses include non-cash related charges related to purchase accounting reflected in cost of goods sold, as well as other debt costs reflected below operating income. We now estimate these total expenses will be approximately $100 million. And in the third quarter of 2017, we have realized $46 million which are excluded from our adjusted results. These expenses are included in our non-GAAP to GAAP reconciliations, included on Page 30 of the deck. Lets move now to our current financial outlook for 2017 on Slide 27. We expect strong growth for the fiscal year 2017 and are updating our projections to reflect our year-to-date performance and growth momentum, as well as the RB Foods acquisition. At the top line for the year, we expect to grow sales approximately 9% to 10% on a reported basis and approximately 10% to 11% in constant currency. This implies a fourth quarter increase of 19% to 23%. We expect to grow fiscal 2017's adjusted operating income approximately 20% to 21% from 657 million in 2016. In constant currency, our estimated rate of growth is 21% to 22%. This implies the fourth quarter increase of 37% to 40%. We are increasing our guidance for gross margin from comparable to 50 basis points higher to 25 to 75 basis points higher than 2016 on an adjusted basis. We expect brand marketing to increase at a high single-digit rate versus previously in mid to high single-digit rate and we are raising our cost savings target to at least $105 million from our previous estimate of at least $100 million. Reflecting the changes above, we are increasing our guidance range for adjusted earnings per share to $4.20 to $4.24. Excluding an estimated 1% percentage point impact of unfavorable currency rates, this range is an increase of 12% to 13% from adjusted earnings per share of $3.78 in 2016. Based on this fiscal year 2017 range, and considering the shares issued in August, this implies an adjusted earnings per share for the fourth quarter of $1.49 to $1.53. This is an increase of 17% to 20% from adjusted earnings per share of $1.27 in the fourth quarter of 2016. Our 2017 constant currency outlook for adjusted results, sales operating profit and earnings per share growth is above each of our long-term targets. Our 2017 projection of the transition and integration expenses related to RB Foods acquisitions is approximately $77 million. Our 2017 projection of special charges has increased to approximately $22 million from $20 million mentioned in our June earnings call. In conclusion, we are pleased with our strong third quarter results and our updated outlook reflects both the strength of our base business, and our confidence in the incremental impact of RB Foods. That completes my remarks. So let's turn now to your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from the line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Robert Moskow: It's great to see a guidance raise of this size definitely but I have a couple of questions about RB Foods and how it's going in the first couple of weeks. We're looking at Nielsen data that shows at least in measured channels that the growth rate this year was a lot lower than its normal run rate. It looks like pretty low single-digit. So I want to know if you had noticed the same thing or if maybe there is some alternative channels that it's not capturing and whether that had any influence on the two week contribution? And then also on gross margin, there's a lot of scrutiny last quarter on your gross margin and I think a lot of us thought that it would pick up quite a bit in third quarter. Can you help us break out to the extent that RB Foods helped your gross margin in the quarter or was it no impact because I would've thought that would have been very accretive maybe you could help us with those elements? Thanks.
Lawrence Kurzius: I'm going to start - Ill talk about the RB sales trends. Then I'll pass it to Mike to talk about the margin question that you've got. First of all this is really early days for us. We have owned the business now, I believe were in the fifth week and so were really just getting into it. The scanner data that's being reported is in line with the trend that we saw in the business going forward and it reflects the operations of the business before we took ownership of it. Were really more focused on what were going to do with the business in the rest of this year and going forward. So far the integration is going really well. We're making tremendous progress as you know this is something that weve done a lot with other deals. And we are increasingly confident about what were finding at RB mainly because were not finding any surprises. Our understanding of the business is that we thought we had before the deal close is being confirmed through our ownership of it. We're pleased with the strength of the fourth quarter plans that they had already put in place. We got our commercial teams together is really one of the very first things that we did and we continue to be a positive about the business which is whats reflected in the outlook. Mike you want to talk about gross margin.
Mike Smith : Yes, maybe step back talk about RB Foods impact on the quarter and as we talked about really from an EPS perspective there was no impact. The two weeks of operating results we had in there from an operating profit perspective were offset by the three weeks of the debt financing cost. So it didn't have much of an impact on most of the lines from the P&L. It was slightly positive on gross margins but not a whole lot. Our guidance for the year that we raised our gross margin target from 0 to 50 basis points to 25 to 75 basis points so thats where you see - especially in the fourth quarter that will be coming through. For the base business gross margin, in the second quarter we were down 80 basis points and if you remember we talked about the FX transactional impact hitting us hardest in the second quarter that has eased in the third and you'll see it ease even more in the fourth as FX rates continue to go away. If you look at the gross margin in the third quarter we actually only down 20 basis points. We had sequential improvement and that was really driven by some of the segment mix where industrial - constant currency sales were up 14%. Consumer still strong up almost 5%, but you had some negative segment mix there but overall fourth quarter for the base business we think theyre really strong plans from a CCI perspective which we raised on this call. Our pricing is fully impacted in the fourth quarter and continued FX favorability will help us.
Robert Moskow: Maybe just one follow-up, is your gross margin in the consumer business from a core standpoint, is that kind of flattish because and therefore if were seeing dilution in gross margin it's really just mix or its gross margin and consumer weak as well?
Mike Smith : We really only talk about at the adjusted operating profit level Rob, and you can see from our disclosures both consumer and industrial were up nicely this quarter. Our CCI efforts go against both cost of goods sold and SG&A too. So, and as you know we have some components that other companies have in cost of goods sold and SG&A like for in distribution which makes it little bit messy but both segments saw strong operating margin improvement this quarter.
Lawrence Kurzius: Want to say something else about margins and that is that when we spoke on our second quarter call we talked about there's still some pricing action to come and to response - raw material cost increases. All of that pricing action was taken in the third quarter and is fully in place, so we got full impact of cost in the third quarter but only a partial impact from the pricing which like I said is now fully in place for our strongest quarter of the year.
Operator: Our next is from the line of Alexia Howard with AllianceBernstein. Please proceed with your question.
Alexia Howard: So I guess a couple of quick questions, firstly on the industrial business. It seems as though there was a big surge in profitability this time around, I guess partly because of the operating leverage and the cost cutting and maybe better mix. Is that something - have you just taken the business to a whole new level and we can expect this to be the new sort of base going forward so thats first question. And then on the e-commerce side, it sounded from your comments I guess recently and so e-commerce is growing phenomenally well for you at the moment. How concerned are you with the Amazon acquisition of the 364 Whole Foods and hence the 365 brand. How do you expect that to play out over time, how confident are you that your market share online and your profitability online is going to be at least as good in the base business? Thank you very much and Ill pass it on.
Lawrence Kurzius: So weve been talking for the last two years about the work that were doing on the industrial business to shift the portfolio towards more value-added and technically insulated into the portfolio which would include flavor, seasonings and also branded foodservice. And weve made a number of investments there and some of them are quite visible externally like buying Brand Aromatics and Giotti flavors, others may be less visible on the outside but are quite significant on the inside. Weve had important customer wins on the flavor side of the business. And so that has been an area of focus that is - we believe is going to drive a long-term improvement in the margin. I know we talked about that like the Investor conference and on other calls. I will say it is lumpy and so - the industrial business does not come in a straight line sometimes it comes in chunks, but that would be I think when you think about the trend in that business this is representative of the level that were trying to take the business to. And Mike if you want to comment on that further Ill let you chime in. On e-commerce you were right that is an area that is a growing tremendously. We had over resourced e-commerce for the last several years because we just believe that it's inevitable thats going to be an important part of the consumer buying behavior. And we just don't believe that consumers long-term are going to buy groceries any differently than they buy other products. So we leaned in pretty hard on e-commerce and we got some external recognition about it. You mentioned a particular customer. We are trying to get away from talking about that particular  whose name Im not even saying, that particular customer specifically on the call that has been our policy not to talk about specific customers in the last several quarters just because of the focus on e-commerce, a very large e-commerce customer keeps coming up by name and so Im going to try and get away from that. But I will say that were really positive about the trend line in our e-commerce business, the fact that we got in there early with important e-commerce customers that's given us a great partnership. If you try out some of these home devices for ordering and ask about ordering spices, youre going to find out that that McCormick items come up at the top. And so we see more opportunity than risk frankly.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your questions.
Ken Goldman: One quick one for me and then a broader one. I just wanted to make sure I had my arms around all the special charges in particular theres that 15.4 million of transaction and integration expenses included in other debt costs that I think were excluding. Is all of that debt issuance is there anything else in there Im just trying to get a sense of what's being excluded because I know there is a lot of different moving pieces?
Mike Smith: This is Mike. That was the cost setting up the bridge. We didnt have to fund the bridge which is one of the - we got our debt financing in place thats one of the reasons that number wasnt higher but that is exclusively related to setting up the bridge.
Ken Goldman: And then it doesnt seem in the numbers that the answer is yes, but have you had any difficulty at all passing along some of your cost inflation to some of your retail customers. I know the business youre in is quite different I know you have tremendous brands and so again the proof would suggest that the answer is no. But some of your competitors or peers rather in the Food group have suggested that they have had more pricing pressure lately or difficulty passing it on. So just kind of wanted to ask you or take on that if you seen any increased challenges along those lines in the last few months?
Lawrence Kurzius: There is always a healthy commercial tension and discussions about pricing with customers. And so Im not going to say that it is easy but I will say that we've really got all over the place. And largely on schedule, we did have a real cost basis for taking the actions that we did. It was very clear to the customer in particular all their alternatives frankly - either had to go up as well, or not able to supply. So we were able to get all of the pricing away and really you know it's actually a rearview mirror thing at this point because the pricing actions that we intended to take were executed in the third quarter.
Mike Smith: And there were primarily as you remember we had two large commodity shocks of vanilla and garlic. So those are very well known shortages of supply. Other suppliers couldn't supply vanilla for example. So in those cases very well documented. It wasn't an across-the-board price increase which in this environment is really difficult.
Lawrence Kurzius: Ill also say that we have taken several moves on vanilla as the cost of vanilla beans has moved from single digits per pound to well over $200 a pound and that's been well understood in the industry and so their price increases have been accepted. We also modeled a considerable amount of consumer elasticity, and you know some of the increases we took last year we saw less this year might have been a bit higher than we thought as consumers got used to the higher levels of pricing but right now we're actually seeing less elasticity than we've modeled.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Brett Hundley with Vertical Group. Please proceed with your questions.
Brandon Groeger: This is actually Brandon Groeger on for Brett Hundley. The press release noted the industrial business benefited from new products, it expanded the distribution customer intimacy. I was curious where the company is on the computation of creativity program for its industrial business. Its been said earlier in the year that commercial application might be ready by the end of the year, I was wondering if that was still the case and what the biggest value of the program is, is it more to engage companies in becoming partners at the core maker or is it more related to innovation timing and competitive rate success?
Lawrence Kurzius: I've got to say this is the first question on this topic that we've got and thats fantastic. You know this is a game changer that we are very proud of. I think at our Investor Day we talked about this externally for the first time at any depth and we said we would be putting into use. We are actually - we actually do have the system up and running with one particular customer right now. I don't want to say too much about it just yet other than that is very exciting. We intend to talk quite a bit more about this next year at one of the major investor conferences.
Brandon Groeger: And then quickly if you could, can you put any more parameters around the revenue and synergy opportunities related to RB Foods. I'm thinking about flanks, what does it take to get that five share globally or 10 share globally. What's realistic and can you leverage your experience and how long it might take to actually start seeing some material sales growth abroad. We see real opportunities related to this, just kind of looking for some more color on how it all comes together?
Lawrence Kurzius: Ill talk about the cost side, then well talk about revenue, synergy in a second. Obviously the cost side we laid out the synergy level with $50 million which we feel comfortable with based on our historical performance with our acquisitions and our CCI program and in the cost of goods sold areas like procurement obviously or an SG&A across the business. On the revenue synergy side you're reading from our playbook, we did see a lot of  one of the challenges for RB Foods in the U.S. was growing internationally. They really couldn't utilize the resources globally. So we have a global infrastructure with over 40% of sales outside the U.S. So, we do see a runway for growth there that - already in U.K. and Latin America but China other areas of APZ, bringing those products both on a foodservice and a consumer side.
Mike Smith: Ill just add to that that our financial model was not dependent on growth in the international business. We did model growth in the international business and we saw there is an opportunity but the bulk of the financial return that - has to come from performance in the Americas and to our growth internationally is really upside to that model to justify the deal on the first place. We see the opportunity to make Frank's RedHot the number one hot sauce in the world as a real goal.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of David Driscoll with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
David Driscoll: Wanted to ask you guys just one big picture question if you could just simply state what is the different pieces that have gone into the guidance change today. Since Im getting a lot of questions about the impact of the acquisition and the real improvements that weve seen in industrial and the gross margin changes. But just like to hear from you how do you guys think about this increase in guidance for topline and bottom line and really just what are the factors driving the increase today?
Mike Smith: And really - like I said before the RB business didn't have much impact on the third quarter. It is going to have a nice impact on the fourth quarter but what were really excited about is our core business. Through the three quarters you can see that the numbers on a net sales adjusted operating profit and EPS very strong. Our guidance for an EPS is 4.5 to 4.13 this is when the time of the year we normally narrow the range. And given the fact that were at or above our net sales targets and guidance our  adjusted operating income guidance for the year were above that and at the high-end of our EPS range. The core business we would have brought that up at the top of the range. So you can model that at 4.12 to 4.14. You can then do the math at the remainder of the call up due to the RB Foods business impact in the fourth quarter. The key point of RB Foods it's very seasonal business. 30% of the sales are in the fourth quarter, high margins in the fourth quarter just like our businesses at McCormick. There is a lot of holiday items have a higher margin which is good for us. So there is a nice impact in the fourth quarter for us. The interest expense as you know happens on a quarterly basis 25, 25, 25 so that accentuates the RB impact in the fourth quarter this year. On top of that too, we issued shares for this as you know 6.5 million shares based on average shares outstanding calculations only about a quarter of that gets into this year the whole impact is into next year. So what you see is while were still saying its a 5% cash accretive over a 12 month first year basis, thats pulling some of that into the fourth quarter. So its little lumpy but were really pleased I hope I gave you kind of the color behind why the fourth quarter - what our full year call up is but I want to also emphasize the core underlying business is doing very well.
David Driscoll: And just one detailed follow-up, I believe you said in the script that the amortization expense for the RB Foods transaction was reduced by, I think more than half. Can you just say what happened there caused that revision of that magnitude?
Mike Smith: No, there were couple of things obviously - when an acquisition is big you use a lot of external people to help value things. A couple things we had initially when we thought there probably be a value on a non-compete with the previous owner. But based on analysis and the understanding we didn't have to put an intangible value on that. Also I think some of the other assumptions on the values of some of the brand intangibles or customer relationships and things like that moved around based on some of the modeling we did. So were a little conservative I think overall on that, but we wanted to make sure we corrected that as we learn more, more about the business to and Lawrence we only owned now for six weeks. And that is a preliminary valuation to as my controller is thinking right now. So I want to make sure of it, but $8 million to $10 million range is a good estimate for now.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your questions.
Adam Samuelson: So maybe following up on David's question on kind of the base business and I appreciate the kind of commentary that you would had your based guidance kind of moving like a 412 to 414 range or so based on the year-to-date performance for the organic. Would your base business sales expectations have actually changed or have they changed its somewhat unclear based on the revised guidance's?
Lawrence Kurzius: Theyll be at the high-end of the range.
Adam Samuelson: Okay.
Lawrence Kurzius: They'll be at the high-end of the range on the base business and then if you do the math they have seem to have a really good fourth quarter and strong fourth quarter really and we talked in the past - back half of the year were going to have a strong new product sales, lot of launches in the U.S. market with liquid gravies and our breakfast platform. You look at industrial last year was a little weak were expecting a strong fourth quarter there and were laughing EMEA consumer some of that challenge we had earlier in the year. So we feel strong sales on the core business.
Mike Smith: I wouldn't underestimate the sequential improvement that youre seeing in our sales also because these are - not up against soft comparisons, these are up against strong comparisons from a year ago.
Adam Samuelson: And that was the kind of the follow-up that was the understanding there is a mix between the different business. And so is it both consumer and industrial or is the confidence in some of the new product launches and momentum into the holidays on the consumer side specifically in the U.S. and maybe the comps on EMEA?
Mike Smith: Its confidence on both of our segments - its broad-based.
Adam Samuelson: And then in the industrial business on the margin side clearly some very sizable year-on-year margin gains that drove a lot of the corporate EBIT growth. Can you almost think about  some of the more drivers  the Giotti mix and then  just the customer acquisition raw materials I mean just help us think about a little more of the variances there  its a sizable increase of that business?
Mike Smith: I mean its all the above - we talked about I mean Giotti as we talk about strategy moving up the value chain higher end flavors do help us, strength of our branded foodservice business which is higher margin business again we talked about strength in North America for that so that that helps us, combination of CCI initiatives across those businesses help. So it seems like a big number but it's all those above and they seem to be firing on all cylinders now. It is lumpy as Lawrence said you got to be little careful to project forward all these great results but they had a good couple quarters now, were still confident with the visibility to new product pipeline and the margin increasing activities will continue.
Lawrence Kurzius: I want to be clear that big driver especially over the taking the quarter out of a  but thinking long-term is the portfolio shift. There are different categories more value added then others weve really focused on the more value-added areas that have technology as an element or our branding as an element to create value.
Operator: Our final question is a follow-up from the line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your questions.
Robert Moskow: Actually for Mike, I think you were trying to be very clear that the fourth quarter for RB Foods will provide a lot of that first year accretion. Its about $0.11 is the implication. And I think if you go by this 5% kind of accretion guide, I think that's about $0.20. So can I assume that the difference there this extra $0.09 would help your normal algorithm for 2018 kind of something a little extra to your normal algorithm for 2018, I know you dont want to give 2018 guidance but can't blame you.
Mike Smith: No I dont want to give - youre correct Rob. And Ill be a little careful I mean that right to the 11 number if you do the math it's actually 7 to 11, you can range the RB impact based on what I said. But as similar to ours, it does have seasonality the first quarter just like our business is the smallest of the year but you're right were going to get to that 5% which you have to model in is getting - were going to have 133 million shares outstanding all of next year. The math the way it works this year is like 128.5 million or so. So you're getting that a little bit headwind in those first three quarters and actually the whole year from this. So just remember that.
Lawrence Kurzius: Yes but I do want to lose the threat we talked about 5% accretion as we've gotten it we see no reason that were going to miss that 5% accretion and that was 5% accretion over the first 12 months not of fiscal 2018. So with this quarter and the first three quarters of 2018 this is as much guidance as I guess were going to give on 2018 at this point, but those things - that time period - is what we said we were going to get 5% accretion and we still believe were going to do so.
Robert Moskow: Just mathematically though it's got to help.
Lawrence Kurzius: The CEO should not be talking about accretion Ill give it back to Mike.
Robert Moskow: But mathematically it's got to help you in 2018 just in terms of the numbers.
Mike Smith: Definitely. There is no question, it's incremental to our base business.
Lawrence Kurzius: It plays a little bit with the percentage growth rates and then remember when these more shares are coming through - this 6.5 million shares full impact does create a little bit of headwind on a percentage growth base just from bottom line.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I will turn the floor back to Lawrence Kurzius for closing remarks.
Lawrence Kurzius: Well, thanks everyone for your questions and for participating in today's call. McCormick is a global leader in flavor, a growing and advantaged business platform which is now even broader with the addition of RB Foods. We're continuing to capitalize on the global and growing consumer interest in healthy flavorful eating, the source and quality of ingredients, and sustainable and socially responsible practices. We're aligned with the increased demand for great taste and healthy eating and are confident in our growth plans. With the steadfast focus on growth, performance and people, we're building value for our shareholders and are well-positioned to deliver even stronger financial results we've outlined today for 2017.
Kasey Jenkins: Thank you, Lawrence, and thanks to everyone for joining us today. If you have any further questions regarding today's information, please give us a call at 410-771-7140. This concludes this morning's conference call.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-06-29 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Kasey Jenkins - Vice President, Investor Relations Lawrence Kurzius - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Mike Smith - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Ken Goldman - JPMorgan Alexia Howard - Bernstein David Driscoll - Citi Akshay Jagdale - Jefferies Rob Dickerson - Deustche Bank Chris Growe - Stifel Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs
Kasey Jenkins: Good morning. This is Kasey Jenkins, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you for joining todays call for a discussion of McCormicks Second Quarter Financial Results and our current outlook for 2017. To accompany this call, we have posted a set of slides at ir.mccormick.com. [Operator Instructions] With me this morning are Lawrence Kurzius, Chairman, President and CEO and Mike Smith, Executive Vice President and CFO. During our remarks, we will refer to non-GAAP financial measures. These include adjusted operating income and adjusted earnings per share that exclude the impact of special charges as well as information in constant currency. Reconciliations to the GAAP results are included in this mornings press release and slides. As a reminder, todays presentation contains projections and other forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from those projected. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or other factors. As seen on Slide 2, our forward-looking statement, also provide information on risk factors that could affect our financial results. It is now my pleasure to turn the discussion over to Lawrence.
Lawrence Kurzius: Thank you, Kasey. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. McCormicks strong second quarter results reflect the effectiveness of our sales and profit growth strategies driven by the engagement of our employees around the world. We delivered growth in sales, operating income and earnings per share. With our year-to-date financial results and momentum heading into the second half of the year, we are well-positioned to deliver our financial outlook for fiscal 2017. Our strength this quarter was evident in our top line results. In constant currency, we grew sales 7% for the total company with solid performance from both segments. Base business growth, new products and acquisitions are three drivers of long-term sales growth were all contributing factors. Year-to-date, we have grown sales in constant currency 6%. And based on these results, we reaffirmed our fiscal year outlook for a 5% to 7% constant currency sales increase. In the second quarter, we increased constant currency adjusted operating income 9%, led by the higher sales and savings from our comprehensive continuous improvement program, CCI. Similar to the first quarter, both segments increased operating income. Year-to-date, we have also achieved a 9% constant currency increase, which is within our fiscal year 9% to 11% objective. At the bottom line, second quarter adjusted earnings per share of $0.82 was 9% higher than the year ago period. Our strong growth in adjusted operating income drove this increase as well as our higher income from unconsolidated operations and lower shares outstanding. Keep in mind that this year-to-year comparison of adjusted earnings per share for the second quarter includes the unfavorable impact of foreign currency exchange rates. For the fiscal year 2017, we reaffirm our outlook for adjusted earnings per share of $4.05 to $4.13. I would like to turn next to some business updates with the focus this morning on highlights from our consumer and industrial segments, our great new product lineup for the second half of 2017, and finally, touch on some of our recent announcements. For the consumer segment update, I will start with the Americas, where we grew constant currency sales by 5%, including 2% from our acquisition of Gourmet Gardens. The remaining 3% was driven by higher pricing, volume and product mix. This growth was the sequential improvement from the first quarter, which is impacted by U.S. food industry slowdown. In our March call, we expressed our belief that the slowdown for spices and seasoning categories was short-term attributable to a confluence of likely temporary factors and we would see growth in our second quarter 2017 sales. This has been borne out. In the U.S., our IRI data indicated strong second quarter category dollar sales for spices and seasonings at 7%. During the same period, scanner sales of McCormicks U.S. branded spices and seasonings grew 4%. It is important to consider, however, unmeasured channels, including club, e-commerce and Hispanic retail chains. And in doing so, we estimate we grew McCormicks U.S. retail sales for spices and seasonings another 2 percentage points. Overall, we are seeing good growth in our spice and seasoning brands in the U.S. market and we know we have more room to grow as consumers are increasingly shifting their buying between channels and the industry outlook reflects a greater share of growth coming from e-commerce, club and discount formats, we are pleased with the double-digit sales growth we have experienced in unmeasured channels and expect it to continue. The shift to unmeasured channels is just one indication that the food industry is operating in a period of rapid and fundamental change in both consumer preferences and in evolving retail landscape. Quarter-to-quarter, our sales growth is going to be impacted by retailer actions and other marketplace factors in this dynamic environment. We are, however, well-positioned to capitalize on these changes through increased and agile consumer marketing investments, a focus on customer intimacy and product innovation. We are staying relevant with the consumer and have a compelling product offering for every retail strategy and channel. Our outlook for the U.S. sales of spices and seasonings for the balance of the year remains strong and unchanged from our prior projections. We are confident the initiatives we have underway position us to continue our trajectory of long-term growth. This optimism for our Americas consumer business is bolstered by several factors and successes. First, as I have already discussed our strength in continued growth in unmeasured channels. We are excited about the strength in our grilling platform. In May, we released our McCormick 2017 Flavor Forecast Annual Grilling Edition featuring recipes for five sizzling flavors using products from our core spices and seasonings as well as dry and wet recipe mixes. In addition, Grill Mates and Stubbs barbecue consumption is growing and we are investing in Grill Mates TV advertising in the third quarter. Additionally, our Canadian business has grown its grilling platform double-digits versus last year through a strong promotional campaign, expanded distribution and growth in Stubbs. Gourmet Garden continues to build momentum in the U.S., with consumption growth over 20% and household penetration better than expected. During the second quarter of 2017, we have built on the distribution we established in late 2016 and introduced Gourmet Garden lightly dried products in Canada, with strong retail acceptance. Our closer-to-fresh platform is resonating with consumers desire for fresh flavor and ingredients. Our U.S. gourmet product line is growing in dollars and units due to organic trends and new distribution in addition to lapping the disruption we experienced last year from the conversion of the product line to organic. Outside of spices and seasoning, we are growing share in recipe mixes, Asian foods, stock and broth, wet marinades and marinades. Canada has gained share through the success of organic spice bags as well as positive consumer response to our Purity campaign. We have strong retail acceptance of our first half new products and distribution gains, including Grill Mates and Stubbs marinades, Kitchen Basics Bone Broth, Lawrys Casero products and Zatarains biscuit and cornbread mixes. In a few minutes, I will talk about our exciting new products for the second half of the year. And importantly, our products remain well aligned and on trend with consumer demand for flavorful healthy eating. Now, turning to outside the Americas, in Europe, Middle East and Africa, EMEA, a difficult environment driven by economic, political and competitive factors has persisted and affected our consumer business. The primary impact is in the UK, where challenging retail environment has hindered our performance driven by large retailers reduction of shelf space for food products. Given these conditions, it is particularly important to keep our brands relevant through marketing and new products. We have invested in both marketing with the launch of our Purity campaign in the UK and in new products, which I will speak about further in a few minutes. In the Asia-Pacific region, China grew sales in the second quarter of 2017 at a double-digit rate in constant currency. Chinas growth was broad-based across our different brands and channels, including e-commerce. And we expect this performance to continue throughout 2017. We are also pleased with our performance in India, where sales also grew at a double-digit rate as we have lapped the impact of our prior decision to discontinue certain low margin Kohinoor products. Second quarter sales across the consumer segment were up 4% over the year ago period in constant currency. With the benefit of higher sales and our CCI led cost savings, we grew second quarter adjusted operating income 7% in constant currency. Turning to the industrial segment, we had excellent performance. Starting at the top line, with 12% constant currency sales growth, in the Americas we continued to benefit from shifting our portfolio to more value added products, expanded distribution, the increasing trend in consumer snacking from our customers moved towards better for you products. A significant part of our volume increase for the quarter was driven by new products. At double digit growth in sales of savory flavor products as well as in snack seasonings, particularly from our Latin American business. We continue to make inroads with additional restaurant chains winning business using a Flavor Cell technology. In our branded food service business we had solid sales growth driven by expanded distribution. And we were recognized as vendor partner of the year by a significant food service customer. Together these successes are driving only our top line growth, but strong profit growth as well. In EMEA incremental sales from our Giotti acquisition contributed double digit sales growth for the second quarter of 2017. Our integration is progressing well and we are pleased with Giottis performance, days sales in the region excluding the impact of Giotti also grew at a double digit rate in constant currency. We continue to win with our customers through new products, expanded distribution and promotional activities with quick service restaurants. Industrial sales in the Asia Pacific region mainly Thailand, China and Australia benefited from new products and promotional activity of quick service restaurants. In addition to the segments overall 12% constant currency sales growth, our cost reduction efforts and portfolio shift to more value added products drove a 13% constant currency increase in adjusted operating income. Now I am delighted to share with you our robust second half plans for new products in our consumer segment. Our new products are important to us to differentiate our brands and drive growth. Our U.S. business as seen on Slide 8 has three robust upcoming new product platforms. First as mentioned during our Investor Day in April, we are thrilled to extend our presence into the breakfast occasion with the McCormick Good Morning. The breakfast occasion offers a tremendous opportunity to leverage our flavor expertise beyond where McCormick is typically found. Consumers are looking for ways to bring great flavors to todays breakfast tables without all the sugar or artificial ingredients in many of todays products. We will be launching a range of four product lines with clean labels; Breakfast Toppers, Breakfast Seasonings, Slow Cooker Breakfast and Smoothie Boosts, aligns with one of our great flavor while also delivering benefits like real fruit, flax and chia seeds and boost protein. Consumer research has been outstanding and customer reaction positive. New products in our liquid portfolio also offer exciting growth opportunities. We are introducing McCormick Simply Better wet gravies in three varieties, made with real ingredients including stock, vegetables and McCormick herbs and spices, these ready to serve gravies will be a hearty addition to holiday and everyday meals this fall, plus there are no artificial flavors, no added MSG, they are gluten free and are in BPA free packaging. Simply Asia brought the noodle new products to capitalize on current trends and ethnic flavors. The Vietnamese Beef Broth and the Japanese Chicken Broth coupled with the introduction of four noodle varieties offers consumers the opportunity to prepare authentic Asian dishes at home. And continuing our strong momentum with Bone Broth we are introducing two new flavors beef bone broth and turmeric and ginger with lemongrass. We are enthusiastic about spices and seasonings with the launch of over 30 new SKUs, significant increase from our product innovation in the category versus previous years. In response to consumers trading up to larger sizes, we are launching a new super deal format that offers a better value and includes new flavors and we are upsizing some of our pure specialty extracts. Additionally, we are launching a new range of pasta seasoning blends with flavors like white cheddar and sun-dried tomato basil, premium garlic products like black garlic powder and even a Turkey Brine & Rub Kit for the holiday. Our line up for products outside the U.S. is just as exciting. In Canada we are building off the success of organic spice bags and continuing to appeal the millennials with the launch of organic recipe mixes. We are expanding our Club House gravies into the hot chicken and barbaque segment with sweet and spicy dipping sauces and homes style gravies. And following the launch of un-pasteurized honey earlier this year, we are introducing 100% Canadian organic honey. In Central America, we are launching salad dressings in two packaging formats as well as hot sauces in a variety of flavors. In EMEA we are extending Thai kitchen into France to capitalize on the fast growing ethnic food trends. Responding to consumer health and wellness preferences, we are introducing organic core origin [ph] spices and homemade dessert products in France. And our launch of gluten-free recipe mixes in the UK continues to build momentum. In our Asia Pacific region, Australia is introducing six gourmet garden finishing drizzles to flavor grilled meat. These drizzles are single use pour pouches with refrigerated placement next to the meat department. Drizzles in flavors such as basil pesto, salsa verde and chimichurri offer consumers a closer to brush alternative for flavor their grilling occasions. Turning to our industrial segment, while we do not get too specific with our product development in this segment, we are executing against the new product pipeline of on-trend and better for you products. Our range of flavor solutions for our industrial customers is one of the broadest in the industry as evidenced by a recent product development that has been a significant driver of our year-to-date industrial segment sales growth as our customers move their portfolios to more natural, better for you and organic, they want to ensure that taste does not compromise. Our distinctive Food First approach, our deep understanding of food and the use of natural ingredients like herbs and spices competitively differentiates us and is valued by our customers. Now, I would like to recognize some of our recent news, during our Investor Day, we unveiled McCormicks new vision, mission and five principles as seen on Slide 10. We are very excited about how this positions McCormick for the future. Our vision is to bring the joy of flavor to life. Our new mission is to make every meal and moment better. To support our new vision and mission, we have also evolved our five pillars of success to five key principles that now speak to our purpose competitive advantage and ambition. Three of our principles remain the same passion for flavor, power of people and taste you trust. We introduced two new principles driven to innovate and purpose led performance to reflect our continuous reinvention of our business and our commitment to delivering top tier business results, with responsibility to people, communities and the planet. In May, we announced we were recognized by Diversity Inc. on their 2017 top 50 companies for diversity. This is a highly competitive award which highlights successes and best practices that promote the growth and advancement of underrepresented groups and workplaces. This marks McCormicks first time on the list. And the recognition demonstrates our power of people principle, our commitment to supporting a global workforce that values and respects diversity. In May, we were pleased to have Tony Vernon join our Board of Directors. Tony is the former CEO of Kraft Foods and many of you know him from his previous role. Tony brings a deep consumer products industry expertise to our Board and has managed some of the worlds most respected and iconic brands. We believe he will further strengthen the great group of leaders that comprise our Board. Lastly, during Investor Day, we shared that we had embarked on our McCormick Global Enablement initiative MGE to evaluate the processes, capabilities and operating model we will need as a larger scale business. The objective of this initiative is to execute the step change acceleration and working globally and cross functionally to align, simplify and grow. In addition to building the scalable platform for future growth, this initiative will help to lower our costs through expanding end to end processes, building on our current shared services foundation and enabling faster decision making, increased agility and creating capacity within our organization. Through this 3-year initiative, we expect to achieve annual cost savings of approximately $30 million to 40 million once fully implemented. But we are still finalizing the details of our operating model. We expect the cost to implement MGE will be approximately $55 million to $65 million special charges and be recognized over the course of the initiative. Mike will cover the impact to our 2017 reported earnings when he discusses our outlook in a few moments. Let me summarize by restating that we have achieved strong results in the first half of 2017. We have confidence in our fiscal year outlook with our growth plans for new products across both our consumer and industrial segments, strong marketing programs and our opportunities to expand distribution. We are balancing our resources and efforts to drive sales with our work to lower costs and are on track to deliver at least $100 million in 2017 cost savings led by our CCI program. I want to recognize McCormick employees around the world for their efforts and their engagement. Its now my pleasure to turn it over Mike. Mike?
Mike Smith: Thanks Lawrence and good morning everyone. As Lawrence indicated, we are pleased with our second quarter results and have good momentum heading into the second half of 2017. I will provide some additional remarks and insights on our second quarter results followed by the details of our current 2017 financial outlook. On a constant currency basis, we grew sales 7%. Acquisitions, pricing taken in response to higher material costs and higher volume and product mix each contributed to the increase as seen on Slide 14. Both segments grew sales with the industrial segment being especially strong. On Slide 15, consumer segment sales in the Americas rose 5% in constant currency with 3% from pricing actions as well as higher volume and product mix on the base business. Pricing actions were taken in response to the commodity increases and expected elasticity impacts are reflected in volume and mix on this slide. As Lawrence mentioned earlier additional sales were driven by new products, expanded distribution and the strength in Grill Mates and Gourmet product lines. The acquisition of Gourmet Garden contributed 2% in constant currency growth. In EMEA constant currency sales were down 5% from a year ago. Similar to the first quarter, the primary decrease was in the UK where a challenging retail market continues to adversely impact sales. This included reduction in the number of Schwartz brand products by a large UK retailer, which has been rationalizing its portfolio to gain space for general merchandise. Consumer sales in the Asia Pacific region were up 15% in constant currency with sales and Gourmet Garden adding 4 percentage points of growth. In China, we grew constant currency sales at a double digit rate, driven by holiday promotions as well as e-commerce growth. Sales growth in India was led by price management, new consumer pack formats and the shift to more consumer oriented distributors. For the consumers segment in total, our second quarter adjusted operating income rose 6% to $91 million. In constant currency adjusted operating income rose 7% from the year ago period. With the impact of sales growth and CCI driven cost savings more than offsetting higher material costs. Our brand marketing was comparable to the year ago period. Turning to our industrial segment on Slide 19, we had excellent results this quarter in both sales and profit, continuing our momentum from the first quarter. Starting with sales growth, we grew constant currency sales 12% with increases in each of our three regions. Our acquisition of Giotti contributed 4%. We grew industrial sales in Americas 8% in constant currency, led by double digit sales growth in both savory flavors and snack seasonings across the U.S. and Latin America and expanded distribution of U.S. branded food service products. Partially offsetting this growth were lower sales to quick service restaurants. Sales of Giotti contributed 23% of our 33% constant currency growth in EMEA. The remaining growth was driven by higher volume and product mix and pricing in response to rising commodity costs with both quick service restaurants and packaged food companies. Sales growth was partially offset by the discontinuation of low margin South African business. We grew industrial segment sales in the Asia Pacific region 3% constant currency. The main driver was higher sales with quick service restaurants in the region, benefiting from both new product and promotional activities. Adjusted operating income for the industrial segment ended the quarter, up 8% and $46 million. In constant currency the growth was even greater at 13% driven by higher sales, a shift to more value added products and the impact of our CCI program. We increased marketing for this segment in support of our branded food service business. Across both segments adjusted operating income, which excludes special charges rose 7% in the second quarter from the year ago period. If we also exclude the impact of unfavorable currency, we grew adjusted operating income by 9%. Adjusted operating margin expanded 20 basis points from the second quarter of 2016. Gross margin was down year-on-year, an 80 basis point decline. As we have previously indicated, there was pressure on our gross margin driven by the unfavorable impact of currency exchange rates and the timing of some pricing actions. Our selling, general and administrative expense as a percentage of net sales was down year-on-year by 100 basis points from the second quarter of 2016. Leverage from sales growth as well as CCI like cost savings during the period drove the decline. Our brand marketing was comparable to the year ago period, as we are timing some of our investments to support our second half new products. We are also getting more value out of each marketing dollar and therefore, we now expect a mid to high single-digit increase in 2017 brand marketing, including currency impact. This increase is at a higher rate than our anticipated sales growth and highlights our commitment to invest in our brands. Below the operating income line the tax rate on a GAAP basis this quarter was 23% compared to 23.1% in the year ago period. Both periods were favorably impacted by discrete tax items. We continue to expect the full year tax rate to approximate 28%, which considers the change in the accounting for taxes related to equity awards. Keep in mind that in the third quarter of 2016, we had a very low tax rate at 22% due to discrete tax items. Despite unfavorable currency, income from unconsolidated operations rose 9% to $8.4 million. The increase is driven by our Eastern joint venture in India, which is delivering sales and profit growth. The performance of our largest joint venture McCormick de Mexico [ph] has been masked by unfavorable currency impact as it continues to perform well with sales on constant currency up 8% year-to-date. Based on prevailing currency rates, we expected mid to high single-digit decline in 2017 income from unconsolidated operations. At the bottom line, second quarter 2017 adjusted earnings per share was $0.82, up from $0.75 for the year ago period. Mainly due to higher adjusted operating income as well as higher income from unconsolidated operations and lower shares outstanding. This year-to-year comparison includes the unfavorable impact from currency on both consolidated and unconsolidated income. On Slide 28, we summarized highlights for cash flow and the quarter end balance sheet. For the first half of 2017 cash flow from operations was $177 million compared to $213 million in the year ago period. An increase in net income was offset mainly by the timing of income tax payments and incentive compensation payments related to 2016 financial performance. We have returned $253 million of cash to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases and used $66 million for capital expenditures. At the end of the second quarter, $191 million remained on the current $600 million share repurchase authorization. Our balance sheet remains sound, we are generating strong cash flow and we are well positioned to fund future investments to drive growth. Lets now move to our current financial outlook for 2017 on Slide 29. Our strong outlook for the year is unchanged except for the impact of foreign currency exchange rates on sales and the impact for special charges related to the organization and streamlining actions we have underway. Based on prevailing rates, we now estimate an unfavorable impact to the net sales growth rate up 1%, down from our original estimate of 2%. Our 2017 projection of special charges has increased to approximately $20 million from $11 million, mainly driven by expenses related to our MGE initiatives. At the top line, we reaffirm our plan to grow sales 5% to 7% in constant currency, which includes the incremental impact of approximately 2% from acquisitions completed in fiscal year 2016 and Giotti acquired in December 2016. We anticipate a combination of pricing and higher volume and product mix to contribute 3% to 5% of growth. Including the estimated impact of currency, we project sales growth of 4% to 6% in 2017. On a constant currency basis, we continue to expect to increase adjusted operating income 9% to 11% from adjusted operating income of $657 million in 2016. Currency is expected to lower this range to 8% to 10%. We plan to drive this increase with higher sales and at least $100 million in CCI led cost savings. With this fuel for growth, we plan to also fund a mid to high single-digit increase in brand marketing. We reaffirm projected adjusted earnings per share of $4.05 to $4.13. Excluding the estimated 2 percentage point impact of unfavorable currency rates, this range remains an increase of 9% to 11% from adjusted earnings per share of $3.78 in 2016. As the final remark on our outlook, we are on track for another year of strong cash flow for fiscal year 2017 with higher adjusted net income and actions underway to improve our working capital. That completes my remarks. So lets turn now to your questions.
Operator: Thank you. At this time we will be conducting the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your questions.
Robert Moskow: Hi, thank you.
Lawrence Kurzius: Hey, good morning, Rob.
Robert Moskow: Good morning. Couple of questions. One is if you look at our Nielsen tracking data, the thing that stands out the most is that private label continues to gain share? You folks didnt mention this trend in your statements today. And I know we have talked about a lot in the quarters past, but do you see anything different emerging here or any greater threats from private label in your outlook? And then secondly just a question about the earnings guidance, make sure I understand. So, the tax rate in this quarter was well below what we thought and that helped your EPS by about $0.03. Is your guidance kind of implying that you are going to take that $0.03 and use that as cushion to help you get to the rest of the year, because of concerns or how should I interpret that?
Lawrence Kurzius: Hey, Rob. I am going to start off with the addressing the private label question and I am going to pass the second question over to Mike Smith. But on private label, we really dont have anything new to add. We continue to see strong growth in private label. About half of that growth is coming from the conversion of smaller brands to private label by a major retailer. We are approaching the lapping of that, but another retailer is doing the same thing. And so we expect to see continued strong numbers on private label again with half of it coming from the conversion of smaller brands to private label. As you know, we are a supplier of private label. So, as part of our business, we participate in that growth as well. And I will just add that although there is certainly an impact on all brands from the growth of private label, we actually think that the smaller brands are being disproportionately impacted. And if you were to run through the Nielsen data, I think you would see some of the smaller brands that are having an impact as proportionately bigger than us. Mike, do you want to take the second?
Mike Smith: Yes. On the tax question, Rob, we are still calling for 28% tax rate for the year. Year-to-date versus prior year we are around the same tax rate 26% due to those discrete tax items as we mentioned. We have adopted this new accounting for equity awards, which is introducing a lot more variability to timing of that and our underlying tax rate as we talked in the past is 29% to 30% with some of these discrete items for the year driving it down to 28%. But for the remainder of the year, unless there is other discrete tax items we will be in the 29% to 30% range, which would get us back to 28% at year end. The nice thing is having the tax rate year-on-year the same year-to-date. It really gives visibility to the strong growth from adjusted operating profit line and through EPS.
Robert Moskow: Just a quick follow-up on the guidance, I think you maintained guidance for high single-digit marketing investment growth this year, how much conviction do you have that you are going to maintain that level of growth, because I think in years past, you have ended up kind of easing back on that?
Mike Smith: Well, I will take this one, Lawrence.
Lawrence Kurzius: Okay, go ahead.
Mike Smith: I mean, we moved it from high to mid to high. So we broadened the range a little bit. Frankly, as we get into the year, we move things around. We have active CCI program. So, as we get more efficient at our marketing spend or this year we are getting more efficient nonworking capital. So, we are still spending higher than the rate of our sales. So, we still feel like we are investing in the brands to best of our ability. So we are okay with our marketing spend.
Robert Moskow: Okay, thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Ken Goldman: Hi, good morning, everybody.
Lawrence Kurzius: Good morning.
Ken Goldman: At your Investor Day, you commented I think you made a point of this on your strength of your relationship with Amazon, where I think you are servicing them as a top customer even before they necessarily are. I think the opposite is sort of true with Whole Foods. I dont think you have ever really had a much of a relationship there. And correct me if I am wrong, I am just wondering  and I am sure its way too early to answer the question, but I am just trying to get a sense of how you guys are thinking about it. Do you think that there is an opportunity for you to grow your presence in Whole Foods as a result of the merger or is it still out of the question? I just wanted to kind of pick your brain a little bit on your initial thoughts there?
Lawrence Kurzius: Hey, thanks Ken. Thats a great question. Of course, we are thinking a lot about the impact of Amazon, the Amazon and Whole Foods deal on the industry as a whole, but I am sure as I am sure everybody is. And you do have it exactly right with Amazon we have got a terrific relationship. We have resourced them at a really high level. Actually, there is only one customer that has a larger account team behind it. And a lot of those people have very specific skills for that channel of trade. A year and a half ago we were the grocery supplier of the year. And we think we have a lot of momentum. I am sure somebody will ask it sometime on the call. So, I will just put it out there that our pure e-commerce channel business is growing at a very strong rate. We did not quite hit triple-digits this quarter with our U.S. business, but we are not far off of it, so tremendous growth. But on the flipside of that at Whole Foods, we were very underrepresented. Some of our secondary brands are in distribution at Whole Foods like kind of our regional favorites like OLD BAY, our Asian product is Simply Asia brand and Thai Kitchen brand are well represented. But in the heart of our category, we are pretty light. So, yes, we do think that this probably has more opportunity for us than risk. And we think we are really well positioned based on our relationship with Amazon.
Ken Goldman: Okay, thats helpful. Thank you. And for my follow-up quickly, also at your Investor Day you talked pretty confidently about your desire to pursue some larger acquisitions. You called out condiments as a business that makes sense for you. Could you update us on these comments in anyway? And just a follow-up, because last year I know this was the case on Premier Foods, were there any abnormal charges related to M&A this quarter like you have with Premier Foods. I was trying to get a sense of your thoughts on that matter, if you could?
Lawrence Kurzius: Sure. Well, I will say that we have a robust pipeline of acquisition opportunities, but I really dont want to say anymore than that at this point. Mike, you want to
Mike Smith: Yes. From an acquisition cost perspective, we did have some significant cost in last years second quarter for Premier Foods. We have an underlying base of acquisition cost that flow through the company. And now as we have developed our game on the M&A side, we also though have had more integration costs in the second quarter compared to last year from Giotti. So, its not much of a savings year-on-year.
Ken Goldman: Got it. Thanks so much.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard with Bernstein. Please proceed with your question.
Alexia Howard: Good morning, everyone.
Lawrence Kurzius: Good morning, Alexia.
Alexia Howard: Hi. So, can I ask about pricing versus input cost dynamics, particularly in the U.S. We have been hearing that pricing is particularly hard to come by at the moment. A lot of retail is getting sharper on price points. And I know you have a fair amount of input cost inflation this year, particularly in certain areas? How easy is it to take and hang on to the price increases that you need to cover that? And are you the right way up in terms of the gap between the pricing you are able to take and the input cost pressures that you are seeing this year? Thank you.
Lawrence Kurzius: Hi, Alexia. I will start this and talk about the pricing and I will let Mike speak to the input cost half of the question. On pricing, we did take pricing action in the U.S. earlier this year. And so that has been really fully in place for the whole second quarter. We have got a partial benefit from that in the first quarter. It was pretty narrowly focused, but large increases on certain items due to the underlying commodity cost. And so things like vanilla, we took some pretty big increases on. And we also had some larger increases on garlic items in the first part of the year. We are planning another round of increases on vanilla reflecting the continued increase in the cost of that commodity. So, those increases are going into effect now. You didnt ask about the rest of the world, but I will just tell you that we also took pricing action more globally. And so we did take increases in Europe as well. Those increases really were not effective until well into the second quarter. So I mean the year-to-date we got relatively little impact from those. So as we go forward into the second half of the year, we expect to have those fully in place plus another say a mine around in the U.S. And the pricing environment is as you can imagine difficult. We have got tools that we use to understand what our elasticity impact is and we work collaboratively with our customers on taking those price increases, the discussions around pricing, always have a certain amount of natural commercial tension in them, but we have been successful in getting that all of that pricing away. Mike, do you want to talk about?
Mike Smith: Yes. And similar to the last quarter, for the year we are seeing cost increases are mid single-digits. And Alexia you asked the question last quarter about the FX impact in the second quarter and as you can see it came through our gross margin putting a little bit pressure there. As we have said last quarter this has been the most difficult quarter and we see easing over the next six months.
Alexia Howard: Great. Thank you very much. I will pass it on.
Operator: For next question turn the line of David Driscoll with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
David Driscoll: Thank you and good morning.
Lawrence Kurzius: Good morning David.
David Driscoll: I wanted to go back to one of the questions about just the guidance in the quarter and may be stated a little bit differently just wanted to be as clear as I can about this, so it seems like you had a nice quarter here and you handily toped your original expectations for the quarter, so you are not the consensus one, you lowered the FX impact on the top line, you lowered your outlook for advertising spending, but there is no change to the full year guidance, so there is obviously  then there is got to be some kind of balances here to make that full year EPS number not move, can you talk a little bit about it, so far I am not clear apologies if I should be? Thank you.
Mike Smith: I mean our guidance range is 4 or 5 to 4.13, so there is a rather large range and as I said before the A&P spend is broadening out. Its not  it might be a couple of million dollars may be $0.01 a share. So it is not  I dont think we have really moved FX though we did move on the top line from 2% to 1%, but at the operating profit line and at the EPS line we still kept to our last guidance its about a 2% impact bottom line. Remember we have an unconsolidated operation in Mexico, which is driving that with the peso devaluation. So I think we are pretty clear on where we stand.
Lawrence Kurzius: Mike you didnt mention about the tax benefit that we got in the quarter was the benefit that we anticipated and we talked about this at the beginning of the year. And we just didnt know the timing of that. So it doesnt change our outlook for tax on the year. We just didnt know what quarter that would fall into. So there really isnt anything incremental. I will echo what Mike said we have pretty wide range still. It is early in our fiscal year, our biggest quarters of the year, our fourth quarter and third quarter. So we are still looking at the biggest part of our year ahead of us. And I think it will be premature for us to change or any kind of guidance on the bottom line at this point with so much of our years still ahead of us.
David Driscoll: Thats fair. Thats really helpful. Can I follow-up with a longer term CCI question, I think this is the first time you guys quantified the MGE program, I think you have mentioned it at the Analyst Day, but I dont recall the numbers being issued at that point in time, when you bring CCI with the MGE together, do we add this on top of $100 million per year CCI, so presumably I know MGE, its episodic program, its in year three, its $30 million to $40 million, so do we just add it on top of it and its  in addition to the typical $100 million in CCI?
Mike Smith: Maybe the way I would think of it is programs like this, our CCI initiatives, efficiency programs such as whether they are in the plans or other areas, when we set our program at CAGNY last year and remember we are only about 1.5 year into this setting that $400 million target, you dont have line of sight to every program that you are going to have 3 years, 4 years down the path. So at this point, while we are very happy with the early indications on CCI, we have over delivered last years $100 million target and we feel real confident about this years. I wouldnt necessarily say its going to be additive at this point, thats something we get midway into the 4-year cycle. I think we take another hard look at whether things like this could be additive or not, but I would say at this point, because it is such a program that goes through 2019, I consider it part of the $400 million if you are modeling into that right now.
David Driscoll: Thank you so much.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Akshay Jagdale with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Akshay Jagdale: Hi, can you hear me? Good morning. Yes, can you hear me now?
Lawrence Kurzius: Yes
Akshay Jagdale: Okay, great. Thanks for taking the question. I just want to follow-up on Kens question earlier as it relates to Amazon and their pending acquisition of Whole Foods, you guys are the leaders I would say in the food space and in the e-commerce side I know you have received quite a few awards, I am not sure how much investors appreciate that, but in any event can you  I dont know if you mentioned, what you think this  that the implications of that are for the overall industry, there is obviously this view that prices across the board are going to come down and private label penetration broadly is going to go up and you are seeing coincidentally an increase in private label penetration in your category, so I know you talked about Amazon, we know its really solid business for you growing almost triple digits, but can you give us and if I missed it, I am sorry, but just broader implications and talk a little bit about price impact in private label for your categories and how you see that playing out as a result of this?
Lawrence Kurzius: Well, I am just going to go back to say that that we really believe that we are well positioned. When you look at our consumer business, the part that is really impacted is the Americas consumer, thats about 40% of our total sales as a company is in the Americas consumer part of the business. And again we think we are just  we ourselves are doing the right things to address this. For the industry as a whole, I mean I think that the trends that we already as an industry acknowledge are if anything either confirmed or maybe even accelerated by this there is a move to e-commerce by the consumer companies that are acting on this. I think you are going to have problems down the road. For us it says  its telling us we are doing the right thing by over resourcing this classic trade and continuing to build a sales channel with the true play e-commerce customers. And to continue to work to market our product directly to the consumer with the great digital, social and mobile marketing programs that we have. We just dont believe that consumers long-term are going to shop much differently for their foods than they do for other things. And we look at consumer shopping behavior broadly and there is no doubt about it, it involves e-commerce is a big and growing part of it. It probably does put pressure on our retailer customers to consolidate further and work to differentiate themselves to be as competitive as they can be with this channel. Most of the smart traditional retailers have e-commerce programs of their own to try to continue to capture the shopping behavior  the change in shopping behavior of their consumers with different kinds of click and collect programs and so on. We do participate and support those programs with those retailers. We dont talk  we dont count that when we talk about our e-commerce business. So is that getting at your question Akshay?
Akshay Jagdale: Yes, its definitely helpful. If you can maybe touch on the private label piece that would be helpful and I just had  the second question I had as on MGE, can you give us some sort of real life anecdotal examples of what this will fix in terms of speed to market, maybe you can look back and say well, we did this historically and we now expect X to happen, just some cost saving numbers, we did a great job outlining exactly what those are, but this is really about getting more agile and efficient right. And so can you give us some anecdotal evidence or some examples of what you expect will happen when this is fully in place? Thanks.
Mike Smith: Yes. Actually, this is Mike. I mean, as you think about a company like ours, which has grown up really regionally, so we have three regions. Over time, we put an SAP 15, 17 years ago over time. So, processes have developed at different levels. What we have been trying to do in MGE will be a continuation of building on our shared service foundation that we started in the U.S. about 15 years ago and expanded more into Europe in the last 3 or 4 years. If you can get your processes aligned, you can do things like new product introductions faster. So, I would say things like that. You could have a more unified youve got a customer service thats quicker, because it might be in one region supporting whole region I suppose into five different time zones. So, there is things that as you do things one way you can be more efficient and you can service your customer much more effectively. And as our customers are more global now, we service big industrial customers around the world, its important to make sure as they are global, we service them. We have one face to them.
Akshay Jagdale: Perfect. I will pass it on. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rob Dickerson with Deustche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Rob Dickerson: Great. Thanks a lot.
Lawrence Kurzius: Hey, good morning, Rob.
Rob Dickerson: Good morning. Just a couple of hopefully easy questions. So, in the first half of the year, I believe inclusive of currency, I think operating income looks like its growing or its growing maybe 6%. So, just kind of I am curious what do you see as the core drivers of an accelerating operating profit growth in the back half of the year to get you to the 8% to 10% thats not changing off of what you put out this morning. And I dont know if part of that is because of slightly lower like you said like a little bit slightly lower other brand investment or its just because this is the peak of the higher cost cycle really in Q2. Would that just ease in the back half? Thanks.
Mike Smith: Yes, Rob, this is Mike. No, you hit the main driver on the head. We did say that the second quarter would be the highpoint of the FX transactional impact. We see that easing into the second half. You heard Lawrence also say some of the additional pricing actions we have globally that will kick in fully in the second half. And as we said on the last call, our CCI this year was somewhat back loaded versus 2016 where its a little more front loaded. So, those three positive trends as well as the really strong new product platforms and products that Lawrence mentioned are going to help drive both the top line and the bottom line.
Lawrence Kurzius: Yes. And I will also just mention that the sales growth of course is stronger than the second half than in the first half thats muted really by the first quarter where there were number of factors that came into play that we thought were temporary in nature. Thats actually proven to be the case. We are sitting here this quarter, with over 7% constant currency sales growth. And that gives us a lot  that strong top line is performance we expect to continue. And so that gives us a lot of confidence in the second half operating profit.
Rob Dickerson: Okay, great. And then just in terms of pricing, I know a few people have touched on this, this morning and you probably all have touched on this over the past a month or so with respect to just the overall grocery environment of whats happening in food pricing and arguments throughout an inflation versus deflation, cost versus regional pricing etcetera. So, I am just curious how your experience was with the retailers in general in getting the pricing thats coming through now namely in the U.S. kind of relative to history? Was it a little bit harder? There was no problem at all. They are happy to take your pricing even though a number of other companies in the space are saying maybe it is a little bit harder now to get that incremental price. We are not getting as much pricing as expected. But for you, it seems like everything is fine.
Lawrence Kurzius: Yes. I am not going to say everything is fine. Getting pricing is not easy. If we were trying to go out there with a blunt-force broad price increase the way people did it in the old days. I would say we have a lot of troubles with getting that through. And with our customers, we have done a lot of work over the last several years around price elasticity and category analytics. And our price increase is really not just this  not this year, but last year, the broader price increases that we took were really quite well supported by data that involves what we got net price increase as some items went up, some items went down, it did result in a net increase to us and it was a rationale case that could be presented to retailers. This year, our pricing action has really been driven by the underlying commodities, has been fairly narrow and narrowly focused on the items that are big movers. Again, the biggest impact has been vanilla, where there is a well-recognized worldwide shortage of vanilla. Our retailers are experiencing price increases on vanilla, not just from us, but from all suppliers, when suppliers have supply to even offer. And so the situation on vanilla has been relatively unique to that commodity and maybe it makes McCormick a little bit of a special case on this.
Rob Dickerson: Okay, great. And then just one last question in M&A, I think you have pointed to, I dont know publicly, but I mean, I know you have spoken to number of investors about it. Kind of pointed to bit of sizing a potential acquisition, I dont know lets call it 30% kind of max or so of market cap. And correct me if I am wrong, which is essentially in line with some of your larger transactions historically. So kind of one just thoughts around that and then two, you bid on Premier previously, which obviously has a decent amount of UK exposure and then kind of since then we have seen the pressures that are coming through in the UK and kind of how they are hitting results now in this quarter. So, I am just wondering in terms of kind of acquisition focused perspective, is the thought process the same now as it was a year ago or is maybe a little bit  it shifted a little more back to the U.S. and more emerging market or is Europe still interesting, just any color on that will be great?
Lawrence Kurzius: Sure. Well, I will say that we have a robust pipeline of acquisition opportunities. We always bring a financial discipline to the work that we do in this space. And so as part of that financial discipline, we build a business model and that reflects not just the kind of the modeling elements around financing, but also the prospects for the business and objective attractiveness of the market in which its operating. And so all of that would be factored in. We have said that we have a broader and bigger ambition for acquisitions and that is still the case. And as far as size goes, we have said that we would be willing to and we have demonstrated the willingness in the past to stretch to acquire important strategic assets and that would continue to be the case, but I dont really want to get too specific about anything beyond that right now.
Rob Dickerson: Okay, perfect. Thank you so much.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Chris Growe with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Chris Growe: Hi, good morning.
Lawrence Kurzius: Good morning.
Mike Smith: Good morning.
Chris Growe: Hi. So, just a couple of quick follow-ups from earlier questions, I guess I want to make sure I was clear that when I look at the gross margin performance in the quarter, it was a little weaker. We talked about some translation effect. I want to also be clear, is cost inflation about the same. You talked about an increase in another round of pricing coming through in some areas. Is that due to incremental inflation thats affected your outlook there?
Mike Smith: Yes, this is Mike, Chris. For the full year, we still see the mid single-digits. There are pockets of ups and downs that we are taking care of either trade promotions are taking more pricing of certain commodities as Lawrence mentioned. But for the full year, we still feel good about that mid single-digit range. From a timing perspective, transactional  you see the translational impact year-to-date, its about 2.5% which we call out for constant currency purposes, but underlying transactional, you mean the first half of the year post-Brexit, you saw what the pound, the euro that really makes it a hard year-on-year comparison in that first half of the year as our foreign units are buying in U.S. dollars, these spices and herbs. So, we see that easing a lot in the second half and thats going to contribute to our gross margin being up on a year-on-year basis in the second 6.
Chris Growe: Okay, great. And then I just want to be clear also on the global enablement program, did I hear that right that you said that  is that just part of the CCI savings overall, is that the way that falls into that bucket?
Mike Smith: Yes. I would consider at this point we are only 1.5 year into the $400 million program. So, yes, I would consider it at this point within there.
Chris Growe: Okay. And I had just one quick follow-up which would be in relation to marketing. And can you say how much marketing was up year-to-date and we are just trying to understand the kind of tracking along to the mid to high single-digit increase for the year and forgive me if I didnt hear that properly?
Mike Smith: Yes. I mean, on a reported basis, sales are up actually 3.1% and advertising and promotions up 3.1%. We are at the rate of underlying sales growth.
Chris Growe: So that accelerates in the second half of the year then?
Mike Smith: Yes. And we do have some investments in the grilling program. You might have seen some of our grilling TV already in the U.S.
Chris Growe: Okay, thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. We have time for one additional question this morning which will be coming from the line of Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead with your questions.
Adam Samuelson: Yes, thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Lawrence Kurzius: Good morning.
Adam Samuelson: A lot of ground has been covered, but maybe a question in the industrial business and really a question kind of the operating leverage there, I mean you had some pretty strong organic sales growth with very nice contribution from volumes, but really no EBIT margin leverage. You also had contribution from Giotti, which I would presume should have a better than average margin structure than your base business given its focus. And I am just trying to think about the operating leverage kind of potential in industrial as you seem to have a good top line cadence here, but I am not seeing that really translate on the operating margin side?
Mike Smith: Adam, this is Mike. I mean, the gross margin impacts really hit industrial hard than we have large European operations  a lot of manufacturing in the UK, for example. So, in the second quarter, the impact was significant on them.
Adam Samuelson: It wasnt gross margins, its currency transactions.
Mike Smith: Yes, gross margin  it was the currency transaction, sorry. From a Giotti perspective, we love that business. But as I mentioned before, we have integration costs in the first 6. So that we have said for the year, there should be no impact overall. But for the first 6, we have had to integrate that business. Thats a little bit of a drag on the gross margin and industrial at this point.
Lawrence Kurzius: Yes, I know we have hardly talked about Giotti at all on this call or in our remarks, but I will just add that our experience has been these acquisitions that we have done in the industrial space that have brought new technology into the business and new capabilities, and in particular, new flavors, talent have proven to be really great adds, just Giotti is going to be a tremendous contributor to the growth of our flavor business in Europe and Asia.
Adam Samuelson: And maybe just a little bit of color on the top line, but the volume growth that you talked about, I think you alluded to some new snacking wins in Latin America, but any view on the top line, the ability to sustain that kind of mid to upper single-digit organic growth rate in the business in the balance of the year?
Lawrence Kurzius: Yes. I mean, for the full year, just like we have for the whole business, each of the segments we think are going to be 5% to 7% constant currency growth. You will have ups and downs, especially in industrial of new product launches of our customers ebb and flow, but to have really we have broad-based growth across industrial this quarter with North America, up 8%, Europe was up 10% underlying growth which is great, but again, it is a little bit variable, so you have to be cognizant of that.
Adam Samuelson: Alright. Thats helpful. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. I will now turn the floor to Lawrence Kurzius for closing remarks.
Lawrence Kurzius: Great. Thanks, everyone for your questions and for participating in todays call and my apologies to the callers that we didnt get to today. Kasey Jenkins will be available to take your questions all day long. She is delighted to as a matter of fact. McCormick is a global leader in flavor, a growing and advantage business platform. We are continuing to capitalize on the global and growing consumer interest in healthy flavorful eating, the source and quality of ingredients, and sustainable and socially responsible practices relied with the increased demand for great taste and healthy eating and we are confident in our growth plans, with a steadfast focus on growth, performance and people. We are building value for our shareholders and we are well-positioned to deliver strong financial results in 2017.
Kasey Jenkins: Thank you, Lawrence and thank you to everyone for joining us today. If you have any further questions regarding todays information, please give us a call at 410-771-7140. As Lawrence indicated, I will be delighted to take any questions today. This concludes this mornings conference.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-03-28 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Lawrence Kurzius - President and CEO Michael Smith - EVP and CFO Kasey Jenkins - VP of IR
Analysts: Alexia Howard - Bernstein Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Cornell Burnette - Citigroup Andrew Lazar - Barclays Evan Morris - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Rob Dickerson - Deustche Bank Tom Palmer - JPMorgan Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research Brett Hundley - Vertical Group Lubi Kutua - Jefferies
Kasey Jenkins: Good morning. This is Kasey Jenkins, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you for joining todays call for a discussion of McCormicks First Quarter Financial Results and our current outlook for 2017. To accompany our call, weve posted a set of slides at ir.mccormick.com. We will begin with remarks from Lawrence Kurzius, Chairman, President and CEO; and Mike Smith, Executive Vice President and CFO, and then open the line for questions. [Operator Instructions]. We also have Joyce Brooks of McCormick Investor Relations on the call. During our remarks, we will refer to non-GAAP financial measures. These include adjusted operating income and adjusted earnings per share that exclude the impact of special charges as well as information in constant currency. Reconciliations to the GAAP results are included in this mornings press release and slides. As a reminder, todays presentation contains projections and other forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from those projected. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or other factors. As seen on Slide 2, our forward-looking statement also provides information on risk factors that could affect our financial results. It is now my pleasure to turn the discussion over to Lawrence.
Lawrence Kurzius: Thank you, Kasey. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. McCormicks first quarter results were a solid start to the year delivering operating income and earnings per share growth, margin improvement and higher sales. We executed against strategies which will drive strong results as we go through the year. Starting with our top line for the first quarter, we grew sales 4% in constant currency from the year-ago period. Sales from our acquisitions of Gourmet Garden, Cajun Injector and Giotti added 3 percentage points of the increase. The remaining 1% constant currency sales growth was led by our industrial business this period which delivered solid sales growth from our food service brands and customized flavors in the Americas and quick service restaurants in the Asia-Pacific region. Consumer segment sales, excluding acquisitions, were comparable to the year-ago period. We had strong sales momentum in China offset by the impact of weak U.S. food industry trends during the period and a challenging retail environment in the UK. We increased our gross profit margin 30 basis points year-on-year. This improvement was the result of cost savings from our comprehensive continuous improvement program CCI and shifts in our portfolio to more value-added products. We grew first quarter adjusted operating income 8% from the year-ago period on a constant currency basis led by the higher sales, increased gross profit margin and a reduction in our selling, general and administrative expenses, despite increased brand marketing. Both segments achieved an increase in operating income and higher operating income margins. At the bottom line, adjusted earnings per share of $0.76 was an increase of 3% from the $0.74 in the first quarter of 2016. This includes the unfavorable impact of currency. For fiscal 2017, we reaffirm our plans to deliver constant currency growth of 5% to 7% for sales, 9% to 11% for adjusted operating income and 9% to 11% for adjusted earnings per share. Each of these growth rates is at or above our long-term constant currency objectives. Id like to turn now to a business update. Lets begin with the consumer segment and start with our observations about market conditions in the U.S. As has been widely recognized by food analysts and investors, U.S. consumer purchases for center-of-store food were soft in the first quarter, especially in February. This is based on retail consumption reports for the period which showed a measurable year-on-year deceleration across many categories. While retail sales growth of spices and seasonings exceeded the performance of most center-of-store categories, continuing to display its relative strength, our category was impacted by the industry slowdown as well. We believe that this short-term slowdown can be attributed to a confluence of factors, including unseasonable weather, a late Easter and the timing of income tax refund payments, which are likely temporary. In fact, a few weeks into our second quarter we have seen an uptick in our sales of U.S. consumer products. Our outlook for U.S. sales of spices and seasonings for the balance of the year remains strong and unchanged from our prior projections. Taking a closer look at the first quarter, our customized IRI consumption data indicated strong category dollar growth for spices and seasonings at 6%. During the same period, retail sales of McCormick branded spices and seasonings grew 4%. The IRI data showed pricing was 4% for both the category and McCormick with underlying volume growth of 2% for the category and flat for McCormick. Both of these growth rates for McCormick and the category were lower than at past quarters and coincide with the general weakness in center-of-store food categories. Within our spice and seasoning sales in the first quarter, we experienced particular weakness in Hispanic items and we attribute this in part for the timing impact of a late Easter in 2017. In this same period, we had areas of strength and the most notable was our exceptional sales growth of Gourmet Garden products. This product line continues to build momentum in the U.S. with first quarter consumption growth up over 25% from the year-ago period. In measured channels, McCormick U.S. branded share declined 90 basis points this quarter. This overstates our share loss as we continue to achieve strong growth in unmeasured channels. These are retail channels not captured in Nielsen or IRI data and not in the IRI consumption data I shared. In the first quarter, we had double-digit sales growth with club and e-commerce. We estimate that these unmeasured channels added another approximately 1.5 percentage points to our retail sales growth for spices and seasonings. Looking ahead to the balance of the year, we expect our strong performance from unmeasured channels to continue. We also expect to benefit from the reversal of the timing issues I mentioned. For our consumer business in the Americas, were confident in our outlook for a number of other reasons. First, we have had strong retail acceptance on new products including Lawry's brand products and the expanded distribution for our Gourmet organic line. Beyond spices and seasonings, were gaining distributions with new Zatarains items and Kitchen Basics organic and bone broth. We expect continued strength with the sales of Gourmet Garden products. We have strong marketing plans. We successfully executed against our pricing initiatives during the first quarter and importantly, our products remain well aligned and on trend with consumer demand for flavorful healthy eating. We look forward to sharing more about our growth plans at next weeks Investor Day at McCormick. As we look outside of the Americas, we are experiencing various retail conditions across our top markets. We grew sales in China at a double-digit rate in constant currency. The growth was broad based across our different brands and channels, including e-commerce, and we expect this performance to continue throughout 2017. In the UK, a challenging retail environment has persisted and weve been impacted by a large retailers reduction of shelf space for food products. Given these conditions, it is particularly important to keep our brands relevant through marketing and innovation. Weve invested in marketing with the launch of our purity campaign in the UK. Our latest new product launches in Europe include a gluten-free line of recipe mixes in the UK and the introduction of Thai Kitchen products in France. Sales across the consumer segment were up 2% over the year-ago period in constant currency with the benefit of higher sales and our CCI-led cost savings, we grew first quarter adjusted operating income 5% in constant currency. Adjusted operating margin for this segment expanded 45 basis points from the first quarter of 2016. Turning to our industrial segment, we had excellent performance starting at the top line with 6% constant currency sales growth. In the Americas, we grew sales of our branded food service business at a double-digit rate with the benefit from expanded distribution as well as pricing. We are also seeing continued momentum and double-digit growth in sales of savory flavor products from our 2015 Brand Aromatics acquisition. Across our broad industrial portfolio in the Americas, we are executing against a new product pipeline of on-trend and better-for-you products. We are particularly excited about the increased customer demand for organic seasoning blends for snacks. In Europe, Middle East and Africa, EMEA, incremental sales from our Giotti acquisition contributed double-digit sales growth for the first quarter of 2017. Our integration of Giotti is progressing well. This increase in sales was offset in part by the impact of our decision in late 2016 to exit a low margin business from our South African operation. We drove sales in the Asia-Pacific region, mainly in China and Australia, with new products and promotional activities of quick service restaurants. In addition to the industrial segments overall 6% constant currency sales growth, our cost reduction efforts and our portfolio shift to more value-added products drove an 18% constant currency increase in adjusted operating income. Adjusted operating margin for this segment expanded 67 basis points from the first quarter of 2016. We are continuing to shift our product portfolio for the industrial segment to more value-added products through innovation and acquisitions. Let me summarize by restating that our first quarter financial results across both our consumer and industrial segments were a solid start to 2017. We have confidence in our fiscal year outlook for our growth plans for brand marketing, innovation across both our consumer and industrial segments and opportunities to expand distribution. Were balancing our resources and efforts to drive sales with our work to lower costs and are on track to achieve approximately $100 million in 2017 cost savings led by our CCI program. Around the world, McCormick employees are driving momentum and I thank them for their effort and their engagement. It is now my pleasure to turn it over to Mike.
Michael Smith: Thanks, Lawrence, and good morning, everyone. Im going to discuss our first quarter results followed by comments on our current 2017 financial outlook. We started the year with an increase in adjusted operating income and adjusted earnings per share that was in line with our expectations and a more modest increase in sales as we had indicated in our first quarter outlook. Lets turn right to our top line results as seen on Slide 11. On a constant currency basis, we grew sales 4%. The incremental impact of acquisitions completed in 2016 and in early 2017 was 3%. The other 1% was driven by the pricing actions we took in response to higher material costs, offset partially by lower volume in the consumer segment. On Slide 12, consumer segment sales in the Americas rose 2% in constant currency with Gourmet Garden and Cajun Injector contributing 3%. During this period, as Lawrence commented, we were impacted by weaknesses across the U.S. food industry in many center-of-store categories. In particular, Hispanic sales were weak partially due to timing issues such as a late Easter. As we had previously indicated, our planned pricing actions in the U.S. were successfully implemented midway through the quarter. In EMEA, constant currency sales were down 5% from a year ago. The largest decrease was in the UK where a challenging retail market continues to adversely impact sales. This included a reduction in the number of Schwartz brand products by a large UK retailer which has been rationalizing its portfolio to gain space for general merchandize. In France, our sales of Vahine homemade dessert products were also impacted by the late Easter. We grew consumer sales in the Asia-Pacific region by 13% in constant currency. Sales from Gourmet Garden added 4 percentage points of this increase. In China, we grew constant currency sales at a double-digit rate driven by holiday promotions as well as e-commerce growth which offset a sales decline in India. The India decline results from our prior decision to discontinue certain low margin Kohinoor products and the associated sell-off of that discontinued inventory in the first quarter of 2016. For the consumer segment in total, our first quarter adjusted operating income rose 4% to $98 million. In constant currency, adjusted operating income rose 5% from the year-ago period with the impact of sales growth and lower expenses, including CCI-driven cost savings more than offsetting higher material costs and an increase in brand marketing in this period. Turning to our industrial segment, we had excellent results in this quarter in both sales and profit. Starting with sales growth in constant currency, we grew sales 6% with increases in each of the three regions. Adjusted operating income was up 18% in constant currency driven by higher sales, a shift in more value-added products and the impact of our CCI program. On Slide 17, we grew Americas sales 3% in constant currency led by pricing actions as well as double-digit sales growth of savory flavors and branded food service products which was partially offset by lower sales to quick service restaurants. Sales of Giotti contributed 14% to our 13% constant currency growth in EMEA. Discontinuation of a lower margin business was partially offset by solid pricing-led sales growth with packaged food companies. We grew industrial segment sales in the Asia-Pacific region 10% in constant currency, as Lawrence indicated, both our China and Australia operations at higher sales to quick service restaurants in the region benefitting from new products and promotional activities. Adjusted operating income for the industrial segment ended the quarter up 10% at $40 million. In constant currency, the growth was even greater at 18% with the factors I already mentioned and as spelled out on Slide 20. We also increased marketing for this segment in support of our branded food service business. Those of you who follow us closely know that the industrial segment tends to have some quarter-to-quarter profit volatility, largely attributable to customer activity including new product launches, limited time offers and other promotions. Following an exceptionally strong first quarter, we are projecting adjusted operating income growth for this segment to slow in the second quarter. For the fiscal year, we expect both an increase in adjusted operating income and improved margins versus 2016. Across both segments, adjusted operating income, which excludes special charges, rose 5% in the first quarter from the year-ago period. If we also exclude the impact of unfavorable currency, we grew adjusted operating income by 8% even with an increase in brand marketing. Gross profit margin was up year-on-year as well with a 30 basis point increase. This improvement was the result of CCI-led cost savings and favorable mix. As a percentage of net sales, selling, general and administrative expense was down 20 basis points including a $3 million increase in brand marketing. Excluding this increase, we had lower expenses during the period which included CCI-led cost savings. Below the operating income line, the tax rate this quarter was 27.8% compared to 26.9% in the year-ago period. We continue to expect the rate for the full year to approximate 28%. As a result of unfavorable currency, income from unconsolidated operations declined 17% to $7 million. This currency impact masked a strong underlying sales performance led by our joint venture in Mexico, which grew sales at a double-digit rate in local currency. We also pleased with the performance of our Eastern joint venture in India which is delivering growth in sales and profit. Based on prevailing currency rates, we now expect a mid to high-single digit decline in 2017 income from unconsolidated operations. At the bottom line, first quarter 2017 adjusted earnings per share was $0.76, up from $0.74 for the year-ago period, mainly due to higher adjusted operating income. This result included the unfavorable impact from currency on both consolidated and unconsolidated income. On Slide 25, weve summarized highlights for cash flow in the quarter and balance sheet. During the first quarter, cash flow from operations was $44 million compared to $79 million in the year-ago period. A slight increase in net income was offset mainly by the timing of income tax payments and incentive compensation payments related to 2016s financial performance. We returned $142 million of cash to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases and used $30 million for capital expenditures this period. At the end of the first quarter, $244 million remained on the current $600 million share repurchase authorization. Our balance sheet remains strong. We are generating strong cash flow and we are well positioned to fund future investments to drive growth. Lets move now to our current financial outlook for 2017 on Slide 26. Our strong outlook for the year is unchanged except for the impact from special charges related to the organization and streamlining actions we have underway. Our 2017 projection of special charges has increased to approximately $11 million from $4 million. At the top line, we reaffirm our plan to grow sales 5% to 7% in constant currency which includes the incremental impact of approximately 2% from acquisitions completed in fiscal year 2016 and Giotti acquired in December 2016. We anticipate a combination of pricing and higher volume and product mix to contribute 3% to 5% of growth. Including the estimated impact of currency, we project sales growth of 3% to 5% in 2017. On a constant currency basis, we continue to expect to increase adjusted operating income 9% to 11% from adjusted operating income of $675 million in 2016. Currency is expected to lower this range to 8% to 10%. We plan to drive this increase with higher sales and at least $100 million in CCI-led cost savings. With this fuel for growth, we plan to also fund a high-single digit increase in brand marketing. We reaffirm projected adjusted earnings per share of $4.05 to $4.13. Excluding the estimated 2 percentage point impact of unfavorable currency rates, this range remains an increase of 9% to 11% from adjusted earnings per share of $3.78 in 2016. In the second quarter of 2017, we expect adjusted earnings per share to be comparable to $0.75 from adjusted earnings per share in the second quarter of 2016. Keep in mind that we had a very low tax rate in the second quarter of 2016, at 23% which is below our outlook of 28% for fiscal year 2017. In addition, the impact of unfavorable currency exchange rates is particularly high in the second quarter of 2017. This impact is not only translation but also transactional which places pressure on our gross margin in the second quarter. We are also planning additional investments in our brand marketing. As a final remark on our outlook, we are on track for another year of strong cash flow for fiscal year 2017 with higher adjusted net income and actions underway to improve our working capital. That completes my remarks. So lets turn now to your questions.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, well be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question is from the line of Alexia Howard with Bernstein. Please proceed with your question.
Alexia Howard: Good morning, everyone.
Lawrence Kurzius: Good morning, Alexia.
Alexia Howard: Hi. So a couple of questions. First of all, on the share losses in measured channels, is that still share losses to smaller brands in other parts of the store or is it private label and is it likely to get any better? Thank you.
Lawrence Kurzius: Alexia, we lost through measured channels about nine-tenths of a share point. And as we mentioned on the call, we think that that overstates our actual loss because of the strength that we experienced in the unmeasured channels. But regarding the measured channels in particular, we think that we actually have been quite effective in our responses to the smaller competitors. We made our brands more relevant. Weve bought the most successful of them frankly, the Gourmet Garden business. And so we think that weve done a pretty good job of dealing with the smaller competitors. I dont want to leave out Hispanic brands also where weve had quite a strong response with our branded products with the launch of items like Lawry's Casero range and the continued expansion of our El Guapo in the truly heavily Hispanic-targeted stores. Id say that right now private label is the bigger issue particularly on a dollar share basis. Part of it is something that weve created ourselves. A great deal of our category management effort has been directed towards changing the price structure of the category and encouraging retailers to take higher pricing on private label, and youre seeing that coming through in the data where private label dollar growth is very strong over and above unit growth. I dont want to lose track of the fact that about half of the reported private label growth is actually not through growth but its a conversion of a controlled brand by one of the major retailers from a branded item to their private label and a reclassification of sales in the data.
Alexia Howard: Great. Thank you. Can I just have a quick follow up on the transactional effects of FX? Could you just describe where those are happening just so that we can understand from which region to which region are some of these things being shipped and sold?
Michael Smith: Sure. This is Mike, Alexia. Obviously last year with Brexit happening in June, we saw a large decrease in the euro and the pound and actually a lot of currencies like the peso after that. So if you go back to last year, remember the first six months of last year we had margin expansion between 70 and 130 basis points. It became a little more challenging in the second six last year as some of this currency rates went against us. Youre seeing that really the biggest impact for us in the first half of this year is in the second quarter and if you look at the currency charge, you can see that very clearly. We see that trend building for us in the second six of this year, so youre seeing really a timing issue between the two years.
Alexia Howard: Great. Thank you very much. Ill pass it on.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your questions.
Robert Moskow: Hi. Good morning.
Lawrence Kurzius: Good morning, Robert.
Robert Moskow: Good morning. I agree with your comments that first quarter had probably some transitory issues related to center-of-store slowdown. But when I compared the retail growth rate that you cited for your category in first quarter at 6% and I think it was only 5% in fourth quarter. And then for your McCormick products, I think it was 4% in both when you brought it all in together, including Hispanic and club. So is the consumer slowing down in the category in first quarter compared to fourth or not? Because I think the numbers you provide indicate that it really wasnt quite so bad.
Lawrence Kurzius: Well, I think that youre referring to dollar growth and theres a bit more pricing in the first quarter than it was in the fourth quarter. And so Im going to go to the second part of your question, which is do we see a consumer slowdown in the first quarter. And absolutely yes and its across a whole center of the store. Everybody has published on this and the Nielsen data that is out there shows that the center-of-store had quite a strong slowdown especially going into February. That impacted the spice category. Relative strength was still good compared to other categories, but there was certainly an impact on the off-take. Look, we expect that our Q1 sales growth to be the lowest sales growth quarter for us in 2017. We only had a partial quarter of the pricing, so that impacted our dollar sales. Most of our distribution wins come on stream later in the year and we had some known losses last year that we knew were going to flow into this year, like the UK distribution loss, I know thats not U.S. but Im talking at the total company level right now. We didnt talk about it on the call and it was factored into our expectations for the quarter but we even had one day less because last year was leap year. And although thats a small thing, its still 1 percentage point. What we didnt anticipate was the slower industry sales in the U.S., which as weve discussed on the call we think are really due to transitory factors. We dont see anything in our data going into March. I know were getting into second quarter here, but we dont see anything in our data going into March to suggest the slowness that we saw in January and February as continuing. And for the reasons that we gave on the call, we think that it is transitory and the timing of tax payments. I think Lent had a big impact on us. Our business has a very high index to Hispanic consumers who are more catholic. The later Easter made all of Lent fall outside of the quarter and were certainly seeing the reversal of that in March. And then the weather that was out of sync with the season where it was just very warm and that discourages consumption of the cold weather items that normally we sell a lot of during that time of year, chili, gravy and all of the things that go along with that.
Robert Moskow: Okay. And maybe a question for Mike. When I look at your back half implied EPS guidance now, I think it implies some pretty strong double-digit earnings growth off of what was a pretty tough third quarter anyway. So whats driving that strong earnings growth? Is it going to be the full impact of the pricing? Is there an incremental benefit in terms of restructuring savings, because of these new special charges, is that helping also?
Michael Smith: Yes. Well, I think what youre seeing  the main thing is back to the transactional, the timing of the first six versus the second six. We really got hit in the second quarter pretty hard compared to last year and that was the biggest gross margin increase last year to 130 basis points. Were also seeing CCI really is more back loaded this year than in the past. Weve got a lot of great projects to get to our 100 million and actually hope to exceed that. Weve expanded this program globally. So we will see additional savings in the latter part of the year. Plus pricing; weve talked about the U.S. a lot but also some of our European operations do price in the second quarter range, so we get the full impact in the second six there too.
Robert Moskow: Okay. Thank you.
Lawrence Kurzius: Thanks, Rob.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of David Driscoll with Citigroup. Please proceed with your questions.
Cornell Burnette: Good morning, everyone. This is Cornell Burnette in with a few questions for David.
Lawrence Kurzius: Good morning.
Cornell Burnette: Great. Just wanted to know if you could impact perhaps what the timing of the Easter shift meant to the top line in the first quarter and then what would that imply for 2Q?
Lawrence Kurzius: I dont want to try to quantify that but theres no doubt that there was an impact on our business as a result of that. On our core McCormick business we index strongly to the Hispanic consumer or Lawry's brand index very strongly to the Hispanic consumer. And a portion of our Lawry's range is actually specifically targeted to them. Hispanics tend to be more catholic than general population and have the Lent in timing as a vigor impact on us as a result; also our Zatarain's product which are also heavily influenced by the Lent in timing were impacted in this period as well. Its just unfortunate that Lent literally started on the first day of March and so it completely fell out of our quarter and that does have an impact in both shifting consumption and in shifting retailer purchases in anticipation of that consumption. Im not ready to quantify it but we believe that it was pretty real.
Michael Smith: Id go to our yearly guidance of 5% to 7% and assume the rest of the quarter should be around that range. First quarter, we came 4% slightly below that 5%. So you can assume the second would be in that range.
Cornell Burnette: Okay, very good. And then can you just talk a little bit, it seems like the Asia-Pacific segment in consumer did some really nice things here. I think China was particularly strong for you. Im just wondering if you can describe whats going on in that market and kind of how  what driving some of the strength there and how sustainable that is going forward?
Lawrence Kurzius: Well, in particular for us Chinas growth was strong and broad based and this continues really a long-term trend there. Theres not any particular news about it. We have had a long run of high-single digit, low-double digit growth in China that has continued to this day. And we could see a long runway of growth in that market. Our brands are gaining share in all of the categories that we compete in, in China. Weve got continued strong growth of new placements and distribution. And on top of that, e-commerce is developing as a strong growth channel for us in China. Last year, our e-commerce business in China was up over 100% and it is also up over 100% year-to-date this year.
Cornell Burnette: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Please proceed with your questions.
Andrew Lazar: Good morning, everybody.
Lawrence Kurzius: Good morning, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar: I guess with all the variables that youve highlighted that impacted volume in the Americas consumer segment in the quarter, Im just trying to get a better sense of whether you can parse out volume elasticity and whether that was more or less in line with your expectations given the recent pricing actions, because its obviously hard to tell from our perspective given all the impacts that hit volume in the quarter?
Lawrence Kurzius: Andrew, we just took that pricing in January and so its really too soon to read that through with the consumer. We dont have any reason to believe that what we model and expected is any different than what we were actually realizing in terms of elasticity. Remember, most of the price increase that we took was directed towards vanilla which was commodity driven. Weve certainly gone up but so has everyone else. Whether branded or private label, vanilla beans are over $200 a pound and everybodys got a price accordingly. So the elasticity would really be whether people stop using vanilla at all. I think well have a better read on that in a few months particularly as we get past the Easter baking season, well have a better sense of that. Right now, the demand for vanilla is pretty much what we expected it to be.
Andrew Lazar: Got it.
Lawrence Kurzius: And we did expect an elasticity impact due to the size of the increase that we took.
Andrew Lazar: Thats helpful. I appreciate that. And then your comments about obviously just what youre seeing at least thus far in March in terms of center-of-store for your category on consumption is certainly encouraging given some of the broader industry concerns that we saw earlier in the year. Is your sense, Lawrence, that the broader center-of-store youve kind of seen maybe some of that sort of relative rebound from January and February consumption as well, or is your sense that maybe something in your core spices and seasonings category is a little bit different and more favorable to the rest of the store?
Lawrence Kurzius: Well, certainly were seeing it in our products and in our category. And Ive really taken a bit of a guess here but I would guess that the same is true for other categories as well to the extent that whether lent, tax refunding timing impacted the center-of-store and thats kind of the underlying reason for the slowdown in our area. I would think that the reversal of that that were experiencing would hold true for others. Id also say that in our industrial business the demand for flavors from our consumer packaged goods customers is really strong and so I would say that bodes well as well.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thank you. See you next week.
Lawrence Kurzius: Looking forward to it, yes.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Evan Morris with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead with your questions.
Evan Morris: Good morning, everyone.
Lawrence Kurzius: Good morning, Evan.
Evan Morris: When I look at how 1Q played out  when you gave guidance, you said that EPS was going to be kind of flattish year-over-year and one of the variables was a planned increase in marketing expense. We didnt I guess really see any sort of follow through of benefit on the top line given some of the factors that you talked about. So if we think about 2Q and the guide for flat again, is there a need now to have to raise or spend more on marketing than initially planned because you didnt get any kind of lift or real return in 1Q, or is that 2Q guide flat EPS really all gross margin and tax rate related?
Lawrence Kurzius: Ill start this and then Ill pass it over to Mike. But we did have a modest increase in marketing spend in first quarter and we expect  actually we expect a greater increase in marketing spend in the second quarter of the year. And I wouldnt characterize as not giving it a lift. It does not  the A&P spend and the sales dont happen simultaneously. I think we feel pretty good about the return that we get on our investment from marketing spend. We have an expectation about strong growth and were leaning into that growth with our spending and I think well continue to do so as we go through the year. We plan a pretty good increase in our investment behind our brands for the year as a whole and we believe thats part of what drives our growth. Mike, do you want to --?
Michael Smith: Yes, I think the thing to consider too is second quarter where Easter is now, the investment spent in the A&P is up a bit. Its on our full year guidance but its really focused. We have a big increase in working media as we activate media, digital against Easter. So thats where youll see a lot of focus in Q2.
Evan Morris: Okay. And then just on the UK, some of the weakness there and you talked about one of the retailers taking away some shelf space. Is that going to continue to be a headwind? Is that now done and behind and whats sort of your outlook or expectation for the UK consumer business for the balance of the year?
Lawrence Kurzius: That is really the story in the UK, Evan, is that one retailer  its a very concentrated market, so the customers are larger and they all matter and has a big impact not just on our UK business but its big enough that it impacts our EMEA business as a whole. The change in shelf space and items in distribution with that retailer really occurred during the fourth quarter of last year. And so thats an unfavorable comparison that were going to carry for that region for the whole year. I will also say that thats really baked into our thinking that 5% to 7% constant currency. Weve got a great story in other markets and other markets in that market. We continue to invest in marketing in the UK even with this change because its important to show both that customer and the other customers in the market and frankly the consumer the relevance and importance of our brands. And were leaning in there with A&P and also with new product launches, like the gluten-free recipe mixes that were launching in the UK. Mike, you want to add anything else?
Michael Smith: No, you covered it.
Evan Morris: Thanks. Ill pass it along.
Lawrence Kurzius: Sure.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Rob Dickerson with Deustche Bank. Please proceed with your questions.
Rob Dickerson: Thank you. Good morning.
Lawrence Kurzius: Good morning.
Rob Dickerson: Just a couple of questions; the first one is just on acquisitions. It seems like with the 3% growth year-over-year in net sales I guess thats approximately lets call it a $30 billion contribution to the top line. Is there any way to give me incremental color on what the operating profit contribution was?
Lawrence Kurzius: Generally we say in the first year of an acquisition between integration costs, deal cost, things like that, theyre pretty flat from an operating profit perspective. So Giotti for example, we bought that in mid-December, so you wont see much impact from that. One of the things youll see in the first two quarters is a lot of integration costs and that does speak to the second half strengthening too as another factor. Gourmet Garden, were very happy with that business and we dont disclose separately the impact there but it definitely is positive.
Rob Dickerson: Okay, thank you. And then just on the unconsolidated line I think it used to be comparable for the year, now youre down a bit. Is that just noise essentially, is that FX related or is there something else we should be aware of?
Lawrence Kurzius: Yes, definitely its FX related, Rob, on the peso which is very volatile as you know, has gone against us actually the last two years. But our underlying results from a sales perspective on our Mexican joint venture are excellent.
Rob Dickerson: Okay, cool. And then in capital allocation, obviously the leverage is still low. You like to do acquisitions. But just in terms of buyback, I dont think theres a target for the year. Is expectation as cash flow build throughout the year that we should be baking in some type of buyback and were just considering, I dont know, lets call it the cash five year or four years and spending about $200 million a year, is that probably about the same for this year?
Lawrence Kurzius: At the rate were buying, youre right. The hope is obviously our first use of cash is really to go after acquisitions when our pipeline is robust. But in lack of acquisitions we would look at doing other buyback or some sort mid to late year.
Rob Dickerson: Okay, great. See you next week.
Lawrence Kurzius: See you, Rob.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your questions.
Tom Palmer: Good morning. Its Tom Palmer on for Ken.
Lawrence Kurzius: Good morning, Tom.
Tom Palmer: Just had a quick question on the consumer Americas side. When you look at the sales headwinds in the first quarter compared to the robust sales trends we saw late last year, do you think selling ahead of the price increase might have pulled volume just looking in arrears or because it was a mid-quarter increase, do not really think that was a factor?
Lawrence Kurzius: I dont think that it was a factor. I think youre exactly right that we took the pricing mid-quarter precisely to make sure that to the extent there was any kind of pre-purchases by customers that it would wash itself out. But importantly we also had  the primary item that we took the increases on in the U.S. were vanilla and we put vanilla on allocation to our customers, partly to manage any kind of forward buy we did not want to  in the face of a strongly rising commodity, we did not want to sell out our inventory at a below market price. So I think we managed that pretty well. I dont think that that is what happened. I think that what we really saw was slow consumption in January and February that washed through.
Tom Palmer: Okay, thanks. And just a quick one. I know weve asked about this in past quarters but just wanted to circle back. We still see in Nielsen scanner data weaker sales trends on the gourmet side. Is that still something that on your end youre seeing more robust sales trends there or was there a bit of a slowdown here in the first quarter there?
Lawrence Kurzius: During the transition to organic we did have some disruption at the shelf which we have worked through. And on the tail end of that we had a lot of heavy promotion by a couple of retailers of their organic private labels. That really related not so much to their desire to be competitive in the spice category but more to a total store promotion on natural and organic items to be competitive with the natural food channel. And there was some irrationally low pricing on organic items through the December and January period in particular. Weve seen that go back to normal and were optimistic that were going to see better trends on our gourmet business. In addition, we had a lot of new placements and expanded distribution on gourmet that really comes on a little bit later in the year as the retailers go through their self-reset cycles. So our outlook for gourmet particularly as we lap that transition period from a year ago is actually quite positive. And we believe the conversion to organic was absolutely the right thing to do.
Tom Palmer: Okay. Thank you. See you next week.
Lawrence Kurzius: See you next week.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Jonathan Feeney with Consumer Edge Research. Please proceed with your questions.
Jonathan Feeney: Good morning. Thanks very much. I guess first to follow up and then a bigger question. My first question is a follow up on Evans question. I dont think brand marketing was up double digit this quarter. I think you told us it was up 3 or something that gets to like mid-single digit. Can you kind of correct me on whats going on with brand marketing and how that worked in this quarter? And secondly on Easter, back in 2014 it was almost the exact same Easter spilt. Ash Wednesday I think  there was four less days but it was almost the same thing. Ash Wednesday I think was March 5 in 2014 versus it having been  like February 10 the year before. You didnt talk about Easter shift in that call. It was asked in the Q&A. And Im just wondering maybe some of these new acquisitions give them a more impact of Easter. But any color you can give us  I know you didnt want to specifically quantify it, but any color you can give us on maybe theres innovation around fish boils or something like that thats made our business a little bit more Lent and Easter heavy for future modeling purposes? Thanks.
Michael Smith: Hi, Jonathan. This is Mike. On your first question, we didnt say brand marketing was up double digits. It was up $3 million as you alluded to in the first quarter.
Jonathan Feeney: Im sorry. I meant in the  that was going to kind of be the plan, wasnt it, from the guidance?
Michael Smith: Yes, we were hopeful. We did really hit the UK hard, as Lawrence mentioned, with purity. But some of the timing, as we said around Easter, we made some decisions there to focus it on where it could be most effective.
Jonathan Feeney: Got you. Thank you very much for that.
Lawrence Kurzius: On the impact of Easter and Lent, were talking about it in the context of one of the factors that influenced the slowness in January and February, not just for us but for the industry as a whole. The timing of Lent versus last year we believe is one factor but Im certainly not saying that its the only factor. And I think were all looking for the reasons why that period was slow. It does seem that there were some events that would have created a shift versus prior year, the timing of Easter being one; weather being yet another. And I dont want to underestimate the impact that the change in U.S. income tax refund policy has had pushing those refunds later, especially for consumers at the lower end of the economic spectrum who tend to spend those refunds. Often thats their earned income coming back to them, those go into regular household consumption and I think it has the same kind of impact as a change in SNAP payments.
Jonathan Feeney: Thank you very much. Look forward to seeing you next week.
Michael Smith: See you, Jonathan.
Lawrence Kurzius: See you then.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Brett Hundley with Vertical Group. Please proceed with your questions.
Brett Hundley: Thank you. Good morning, guys.
Lawrence Kurzius: Good morning, Brett.
Brett Hundley: Just two questions for you, the first on raw materials. You guys are reiterating an expectation of mid-single digit increase in raws for 2017 and I know weve all seen headlines on vanilla and garlic. I think you guys have made comment in the past that you would expect to see vanilla and garlic cycle off as the year progresses and I dont know if thats still the case. And so when you reiterate a mid-single digit increase, are you may be seeing things go from a plus 4% to a plus 5% or a plus 4% to a plus 6%, or do you see things staying relatively stable still at this point? And if things are shifting a little bit within that mid-single digit increase, is there any incremental pricing that would be required or would you just hope to drive more cost saves as I think you mentioned, Mike? Any color there would be helpful.
Lawrence Kurzius: Hi, Brett. This is Lawrence. Im going to start and Im going to pass it to Mike. But we are not indicating any cycling off in the second half for vanilla. Now garlic is an annual crop and so there will be a new crop midyear and were hopeful that thats going to take some of the pressure off of garlic and we may see that one cycle down a bit. But outlook for vanilla which is the major impact item is for it to be strong. We had actually hoped for some relief from the new crop you may or may not have seen in the news. There was a large tropical cyclone in Madagascar that struck the vanilla growing areas at a very inopportunity time. Madagascar produces about 85% of the worlds vanilla crop. The estimates right now are that 20% to 30% of the crop was lost as a result of the cyclone. So we see this high vanilla pricing continuing certainly well into 2018. So I just wanted to address that part of it.
Michael Smith: Vanilla is growing over a two to three year cycle, so it doesnt have a quick bounce back like garlic which is an annual crop. Id just kind of say to your range question, Id still stick with the mid-single digit range. Were buying crops from 80 different countries. Theres always something up or something down and cinnamon might be going up and pepper might be going down, but generally mid-single digits is still where we stand for the whole commodity base.
Brett Hundley: Okay. I appreciate the clarity there. And then my last question is just its on the U.S. consumer set and I know that the issue thats affecting you in the UK is completely different from what Im about to ask. But I think that the issue in the UK really stems from Aldis and the Lidls of the world. And what I wanted to ask you about the U.S. is as you see the greater proliferation of Aldi and then Lidl coming onto the U.S. market I think summer time here, especially on the East Coast looks like is where theyre targeting which is obviously a highly populous area. Do you have expectations of existing grocers here in the U.S. trying to beef up private label or become tougher on pricing in order to compete with the potential proliferation of additional discounters here? And can you talk about how you position yourselves in that environment and also just the growing importance of brand marketing as something like that happens as well?
Lawrence Kurzius: Sure, Brett. Thats a very broad set of questions but I will start by saying that the discounters you name are important customers of ours in Europe that we are engaged with and do business with. Aldi has been in the U.S. for many years and has some several thousand stores here and is a customer as well, and we would expect with the entry of Lidl to this market and our existing relationship with them that they will be a customer as well. I certainly think that all of the traditional retailers and mass merchants have their attention quite firmly focused on the entry of these competitors into the market and theyre all preparing their response to them. And I think this will continue to add to the competitive robustness of the U.S. market. I think that frankly as much as the traditional retailers are challenged, I think this is a huge challenge to the dollar channel which has been in existence for many years and for U.S. consumers, its filled a similar niche.
Michael Smith: Brett, to your point too it would be important for branded food companies to really focus on effective media spending but also innovation and thats what weve been driving over the last couple of years to really drive innovation on our brands across the whole business.
Brett Hundley: Thank you very much.
Lawrence Kurzius: Thank you.
Operator: Our last question today comes from the line of Akshay Jagdale with Jefferies. Please proceed with your questions.
Lubi Kutua: Hi. Good morning. This is Lubi filling in for Akshay. Most of my questions have been asked already but maybe I can get your thoughts on M&A. So I know youve recently completed a few smaller deals but can you just comment on how we should think about your appetite for additional deals going forward, and maybe how you would characterize the current pipeline and valuations?
Lawrence Kurzius: Well, Ill say a few words about this. First of all, as part of our growth algorithm that a third of our growth comes from base business, a third comes from innovation and a third from acquisitions. And so we will continue  you should expect to see a continued  lumpy stream because there has to be a willing seller but continued stream of bolt-on acquisitions. As we have said over the last couple of years, we have broadened our lens to include both consumer flavor businesses and industrial flavor businesses. And so over the last  both last year and really already this year to [indiscernible] Giotti was a 2017 deal. Weve acquired an industrial flavor business in addition to some consumer businesses. I think well look forward to the same. We also are considering larger assets. Those are going to come at an even less regular interval, but we continue to consider larger assets as well.
Lubi Kutua: Thank you. And then just in terms of  so in the industrial segment, I think you mentioned in your prepared remarks that you saw double-digit growth in the branded portfolio. Can you maybe just expand a little bit on what drove that and then how you see those trends sort of playing out for the balance of the year? Thank you.
Lawrence Kurzius: Specifically in the U.S. food service business, we have had some strong distribution gains. We have a strategic partnership and category captaincy with one of the major food service distributors and thats driving a lot of sales growth for us.
Lubi Kutua: Thanks. Ill pass it on.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, Ill turn the floor back to Lawrence Kurzius for his closing remarks.
Lawrence Kurzius: Great. Thanks everyone for your questions and for participating on todays call. As I said, we expected Q1 sales growth to be the lowest quarter for us in 2017 for the reasons that we discussed. For the rest of the year, particularly in our Americas consumer business, we expect strong sales growth for the reasons we gave in the prepared remarks. We had strong acceptance of new items, expanded distribution on our gourmet range, plus were lapping the transition on that range from last year, continued strength on Gourmet Garden, the pricing actions and this is true for the whole company not just for the U.S. business have been completed. Our marketing plans are strong and importantly our products remain well aligned with what consumers choose to eat. Taste continues to rank number one in what consumers use in making their decisions about their food purchases. Were aligned with todays move towards more healthy flavorful food. Were confident in our growth plans. With our steadfast focus on growth, performance and people, were well positioned to deliver strong financial results and shareholder value in 2017.
Kasey Jenkins: Thank you, Lawrence, and thanks to all for joining us today. If anyone has any additional questions regarding todays information, please give us a call at 410-771-7140. This concludes this mornings conference call.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-01-25 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Joyce Brooks - Investor Relations Lawrence Kurzius - President and Chief Executive Officer Michael Smith - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Andrew Lazar - Barclays David Driscoll - Citi Alexia Howard - Bernstein Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Akshay Jagdale - Jefferies Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research Brett Hundley - Vertical Group Steven Strycula - UBS
Joyce Brooks: Good morning. This is Joyce Brooks of McCormick, Investor Relations. Thank you for joining todays Fourth Quarter Earnings Call. To accompany this call, we have posted a set of slides at ir.mccormick.com. Well begin with remarks from Lawrence Kurzius, President and CEO; and Mike Smith Executive Vice President and CFO, and then open the line for questions. [Operator Instructions] We also have Kasey Jenkins on the call, he will move into the role of Vice President Investor Relations, effective January 1st, in advance of my retirement later this year. During our remarks, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. These include adjusted operating income and adjusted earnings per share that exclude the impact of special charges as well as information in constant currency. Reconciliations of these measures to the GAAP results are included in this mornings press release and slides. As a reminder, todays presentation contains projections and other forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from those projected. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or other factors. As seen on slide two, our forward-looking statement also provides information on risk factors that could affect our financial results. Its now my pleasure to turn the discussion over to Lawrence.
Lawrence Kurzius: Thank you, Joyce. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. McCormicks fourth quarter results led to a record 2016 performance. On a constant currency basis, we met each of our long-term growth objectives for sales, operating income and earnings per share and achieved the top end of the range for sales and operating income. We exceeded $100 million in annual cost savings and delivered our fifth consecutive year of record cash flow and we have great momentum heading into 2017. These financial results were driven by our broad strategies, our focus on performance and our people. I want to recognize McCormick employees around the world and our leaders for their effort, engagement and success. Together we are effectively executing a balanced approach across the business, balancing between growing sales and improving productivity. Im going to begin this morning with our fourth quarter results, highlight key accomplishments of 2016 and then share our business plans for 2017, after that I will turn it over to Mike, who will go into more depth on the quarter end results and the details of our 2017 financial guidance. Starting at the top-line for the fourth quarter, we grew sales 4% in constant currency from the year ago period. Sales from our acquisitions of Gourmet Garden, a leader in Chilled Earth and Cajun Injector, a smaller business purchased later in 2016 added two percentage points of the increase. Across our base business, the strongest rate of constant currency growth this period was in our consumer segment led by the America and the Asia Pacific regions. In the Americas, we had strong increases in our U.S. sales of McCormick and Lawrys brands of both spices and seasonings and recipe mixes along with the double digit increase in sales of simply Asia brand products. In the Asia Pacific region, we grew constant currency sales in China by 9% with increases in a number of McCormick brand category as well as our [indiscernible] product. The primary area of weakness for the consumer segment was in the UK, where difficult retail environment has persisted throughout 2016. For our industrial segment, we grew sales 2% in constant currency; this period pricing had a greater impact than the prior quarters. Pricing that related to higher material cost as well as the transaction impact of unfavorable currency rates. We had a number of various strengths during the first quarter that we expect to continue into 2017, including food service sales in the U.S., seasoning buns in Mexico and sales in Southeast East Asia where construction will begin this year on a new facility in Thailand to accommodate our growth in that region. With higher sales and cost savings, led by our Comprehensive Continuous Improvement program CCI, we grew adjusted operating income 6% in constant currency, gross profit margin rose 60 basis points. At the bottom-line, adjusted earnings per share of $1.27 was an 8% increase from a $1.18 in the fourth of 2015. This includes the impact of unfavorable currency rates, which was particularly significant this period for income for our joint venture in Mexico. In summary, we overcame some economic challenges by currency rate and delivered a solid increase in sales and profit in our largest quarter of the year. For the fiscal 2016, we had some excellent performance starting with our financial results. As I indicated, we delivered growth rates that met our long-term constant currency guidance. We were especially pleased with nearly 6% constant currency sales growth at the top-end of our 4 to 6% long-term range. With significant improvement in our U.S. consumer business, we grew consumer sales in the Americas by 6% in constant currency. Excluding the impact of both currency and acquisitions, consumer segment sales in the Americas were up 4% in 2016. Led by our CCI program, our fuel for growth, we reached a record $109 million of annual cost savings, exceeding $100 million for the first time and are well on our way towards reaching our full-year $400 million goal. Importantly, this significant effort is not hampering our sales growth and in fact is fueling our investments in brand marketing, product innovation and acquisitions. We increased gross profit margin 110 basis points, the 41.5% from 40.4% and achieved 60 basis points increase in adjusted operating income as a percentage of sale. For the industrial segment, margins continued on a strong upward trajectory this year. Our combination of innovation, acquisitions and customer intimacy continued to shift our portfolio to more value added products. This progress, along with our cost reduction efforts, lifted adjusted operating income margin for our industrial segment to 10% compared to 7% just three years ago. 2016 was a fifth consecutive year of record cash flow ending the year at $658 million. Cash flow from operations is up at 14% compound annual rate for the five year period. At yearend, the board announced a 9% increase in the quarterly dividend, our 31st consecutive annual increase. Between the dividend and share repurchases, we returned more than two thirds of our cash from operations to shareholders this past year. In the past five years, we have returned nearly $2 billion of cash to shareholders. Beyond our financial performance, we had ambitious growth plans for 2016 and a number of significant achievements. A key driver of sales growth was our brand marketing, which reached a new high of $252 million importantly 46% of our advertising was in digital marketing. With consumers interest in recipes, cooking tips and how-to videos, our business lend this particularly well the social media and other digital platforms. Among food companies McCormick was an early mover in this area and digital is one of our highest returns on investment. As we shared in our September earnings call, L2 research named the McCormick brand in the U.S. out of our 100 other food brands in its annual digital IQ ranking. This is our third consecutive year in the top five. Innovation is another important driver and 9% of 2016 sales came from new products launched in the last three years. This rate was particularly strong for industrial business and driven impart by our work at the intersection of flavor and health. This year approximately half of new product breeds for industrial customers in the U.S. had sometimes health and wellness attribute up from 40% in 2014. Innovation also played a role in recognition to our major industrial customer Yum Asia naming McCormick supplier of the year. For our consumer segment, we were proud to have our new Herb Grinders recognized as innovation of the year by the grocery manufacturers association in the U.S. and the new product of the year based on consumer votes in France. On the acquisition front, we purchased Gourmet Garden a fast growing leader in chilled herbs. We are off to a great start with this business, retail consumption sales in our largest market the U.S. were up 22% in the fourth quarter from a year ago period. In 2016, we established direct distribution for the brand in Canada and a plant in 2017 to introduce Gourmet Garden in China. At the November, we signed an agreement to acquire Enrico Giotti SpA and completed this deal in December. Giotti is a leading flavor business in Europe with expertise in high growth health and nutrition products, including a number of beverage applications. The addition of Giotti expands our flavor capability in our Europe, Middle East and Africa region, EMEA with complementary products and a number of new customers. Giotti supports our global industrial strategy to migrate our portfolio to flavor globally. A new production facility in Dubai was completed this year, opening up a direct supply for our industrial customers as they expand in the Middle East and we are making great progress in Shanghai, with the construction of a new larger facility that we plan to move into and begin production in mid 2017. Our McCormick Science Institute celebrated its 10th anniversary and its progress in advancing the health benefits of spices and herbs. Also in 2016, we were pleased that the USDA included spices and herbs in the latest dietary guidelines for Americans and on an AARP MyPlate for older adults. And we are making miserable progress toward our 2019 sustainability goals. Just last week at the World Economic Forum in Davos, McCormick was recognized by Corporate Nights in their 2017 Global 100 Most Sustainable Corporations Index, ranking number 14 among all publicly traded companies with a market cap about two billion and number one in the Consumer Staples industry. Also during 2016, Diversity Inc listed McCormick among their Noteworthy 25 and we reached a milestone with our 75th year of Charity Day. Our progress in 2016 gives us greater confidence in delivering another strong year of growth and performance at McCormick in 2017. We expected increased sales at a rate ahead of our long-term 4% to 6% constant currency objectives driven by our base business and innovation including certain pricing actions. In addition, we have nearly a full-year of sales from our acquisition of Giotti and an incremental impact from Gourmet Garden in the first part of the year. At the foundation of our sales growth rate, is the rising consumer demand for flavor. Euro Monitors latest research projects that global sales of spices and seasonings will grow at a 5% compound annual rate for the next five years, up 4% in developed markets and 8% in emerging markets. This is our largest category and accounts for about half of our consumer segment sale. With lead in these categories, you can see from our latest share information on Slide 9. Our growth strategies are designed to build consumer interest and differentiate our brands. We are planning to increase brand marketing at the high single digit rate this year and will continue to develop our digital programs to directly connect with consumers. Our purity message drove increased sales in 2016 particularly in millennial consumers and in 2017 will be launched in the EMEA region. There is a lot of ground work done in renovating our core products in 2016 with non-GMO labeling on our U.S. everyday spices and seasoning and a move to organic for our premium gourmet line. In 2017, in the U.S. we are transitioning to clean label for Zatarains rice mixes, removing high fructose corn syrup from Lauries marinades and will be converting our iconic black pepper and old baken to a BPA-free recyclable package. And in early December, we have published our 2017 global flavor forecast including predictions and ideas for modern Mediterranean cuisine, planch of grilling and out of the box breakfast ideas. First launched in 2000, our annual forcast is now eagerly awaited by our retail and industrial customers along with food editors and bloggers. Before moving on to our new product pipeline, I want to comment on the recent retail scanner data trends for spices and seasoning in the U.S. For the fourth quarter, the category growth rate for spices and seasoning to remains strong at 5%. McCormick brand spices and seasoning grew 2%. However, this is a growth rate in major channels. We had very strong fourth quarter sales growth in certain unmeasured channels including club, e-commerce and Hispanic retail chains. We estimate that these unmeasured added another two percentage points to McCormicks retail sales growth for spices and seasonings. The fourth quarter retail scanner data also reported an increase in sales of private label spices and seasonings. More than half of the increase this period related to the transition by a large retailer of their organic line from a competitive brand to a private label line. Heading into 2017, we continue to build on our category management capabilities and partner with our customers to maximize their sales and profit for this spice and seasoning category and to drive McCormicks share growth. As an example, we have recently used our pricing tools to minimize the volume impact of an early 2017 price increase in the U.S., a price increase that was taken to offset our cost inflation driven in part by Vanilla and Garlic as discussed in our September call. Turning now to innovation in 2017, our plans include a robust line up of new products for our consumer segment. Innovation is an important way to differentiate our brands and to drive growth. In the Americas, we are rolling out our kitchen basics bone broth organic recipe in mixes and Zatarains rice cups. Also under the Zatarains brand, our team has brought new varieties, biscuit mixes and hot sauce. For grilling we had new varieties of Grill Mates seasonings and liquid marinades along with Stubbs dry marinade mixes and longer size BBQ sauces. In Canada, we have extensions of our La Grill products and plan to penetrate the natural retail channels with unpasturized Billy Bee Honey. In EMEA, we plan to launch gluten-free recipe mixes in the UK, improved Vahin brand packaging and dessert decorations in France and barbaque marinades in Russia. Also in Russia, we are introducing our Vahin line of desert items. The dessert category there is currently growing at a double-digit rate. And in Asia-Pacific, we are rolling out recipe mix varieties in China and expanding our liquid cooking and dipping sauces. In Australia, we are introducing our Gourmet Garden re-sealable pouch of lightly dried herbs and seasonings. For our Industrial segment, we have a robust pipeline of customized flavors for both packaged food companies and the restaurant industry. We also plan to further expand our branded product portfolio for broad line food service distributors. We expect our innovations of more value-added products along with our acquisitions and CCI cost savings to drive further progress towards a higher profit margin for our industrial segment. Our business leaders will have more to share of market dynamics and these growth plans at McCormick April 4th, Investor Day. Beyond the strategies to drive sales growth, we have plans to increase profit and margins. Led by CCI, we expect to achieve approximately $100 million in 2017 cost savings with these cost savings and higher sales, we expect to grow adjusted operating income 9% to 11% in constant currency, this is ahead of our long-term objective of 7% to 9%. We plan to increase adjusted earnings per share right inline with our long-term constant currency objective of 9% to 11%. As indicated, Mike will provide details on our financial guidance and additional remarks on the financial results for the quarter. Next, Id like to recap some recent announcements about McCormicks Board of Directors. Effective next week, I will assume the role of Chairman from Alan Wilson. Alan will remain a member of our board, Im honored to have been named Chairman and I think Alan for his outstanding leadership during his term in this role. Along with his retirement from McCormick in December, Gordon Stetz retired from our Board. We recognized and appreciate Gordons 29 years of service to the company including his time as CFO. Just yesterday, we announced the election of Gary Rodkin to our board. Gary is the former CEO of ConAgra and many of you know him from his previous role. We believe he will further strengthen the great group of leaders that comprise our board. Let me summarize. We made great progress in 2016 with our growth strategies and delivered strong financial performance. McCormick is uniquely positioned as a global leader in flavor a business that is on trend with todays consumer and healthy eating. We are driving strong momentum with our strategies to grow sales, balanced with our CCI program and other efforts to build fuel for growth and higher margins. As we kick of the New Year, I look forward to my second year as CEO of this great company and a new role as Board Chairman. Our leaders and employees are fully engaged and focused on our growth strategy and I have confidence in our ability to deliver the aggressive but achievable financial objectives we have set for 2017. Thank you for your attention and it is now my pleasure to turn it over to Mike. Mike.
Michael Smith: Thanks Lawrence and good morning everyone. As Lawrence indicated, our fourth quarter financial results were a strong finish to the year. Ill begin with some additional perspective on these results and discuss in more depth, our 2017 financial guidance. On a constant currency basis, we grew sales 4%, pricing, acquisitions and higher volume and product mix each contributed to the increase as seen on Slide 14. In constant currency, both our consumer and industrial segments delivered solid top-line growth. Consumer segment sales in the Americas rose 7% in constant currency versus the fourth quarter of 2015 with two percentage points of the increase from our acquisitions. The greatest increase in sales this period was in the U.S. with broad based growth across several brands as Lawrence indicated. EMEA consumer sales declined 3% at constant currency. As in previous quarters, we grew sales in constant currency in France and Eastern Europe. However, a deflationary retail environment in the UK has continued and our fourth quarter results in that market have been affected. This includes a reduction in the number of Schwartz brand products by a large UK retailer which has been rationalizing its portfolio to gain space for general merchandize. We grew consumer sale in the Asia Pacific region 10% in constant currency. Sales from Gourmet Garden added six percentage points of this growth. In China, we grew sales 9% in constant currency led by higher volume and product mix across a broad range of product categories. These increases were offset in part by a double-digit decline in India resulting from our decision towards the end of 2015 to discontinue certain low margin products. For the consumer segment in total, we grew adjusted operating income 8% to $183 million. In constant currency, adjusted operating income also rose 8% from the year ago period. The impact of sales growth and the cost savings more than offset higher material costs. Turning to our industrial segment on Slide 19, we had solid sales results this quarter. We grew industrial sales in the Americas 2% in constant currency led by sales of branded food service products in the U.S. where we have gained share with a leading customer. And in Latin America we are growing sales of snack seasonings and other products supplied from our operation in Mexico. In Canada, we took pricing to pass through a higher material cost that include the impact of currency, but this was offset by weaker volume for industrial products in that market. Year-on-year, EMEA industrial sales declined 10%, but grew 4% in constant currency. We had solid pricing led sales growth with packaged food customers and quick service restaurants. Industrial segment sales in the Asia Pacific region were comparable to the year-ago period in constant currency. Growth in South East Asia and Australia was offset by a sales decline in China which was impacted by our large customer decision to diversify their supply chain as we have mentioned in previous quarters. As we indicated in our September call, we expected our growth in the industrial segment adjusted operating income to slow from a double-digit percentage increase in the third quarter. In the fourth quarter, adjusted operating income declined 2% on a constant currency basis. This compares to the 62% year-over-year increase in the fourth quarter of 2015. Throughout 2016, our industrial segment profit has fluctuated quarter-to-quarter driven largely by sales mix across regions, customers and products. For the fiscal year, we are very pleased with our industrial performance. With adjusted operating income up 12% in constant currency and a record 10% margin. This follows a 24% constant currency growth rate for fiscal year 2015. We believe our growth initiatives including acquisitions like Brand Aromatics and Giotti will lead to further margin improvement for our industrial segment. Across both segments, adjusted operating income, which excludes special charges rose 5% in the fourth quarter from the year ago period. And excluding the impact of unfavorable currency, we grew adjusted operating income by 6%. For the fiscal year, the increase in adjusted operating income in constant currency was 9%. We increased gross profit margin 60 basis points year-on-year to 44% in the fourth quarter. As we discussed in our September earnings call, the increase was at a lower rate than the first three quarters of 2016, due to rising material costs, but it was still positive and we ended the year with a 110 basis point increase. Our selling general and administrative expense as a percentage of net sales was even with the fourth quarter of 2015, including the impact of higher incentive compensation this year. The tax rate on U.S. GAAP basis this quarter was 29.7% similar to the rate in the year ago period. Looking ahead, the 2017, we expect the tax rate to be close to 28%. This concludes our estimate of a favorable impact from the adoption of a change in the accounting for taxes related to equity awards. Income from unconsolidated operations was $12 million compared to $10 million in the fourth quarter of 2015. Both period had a smaller impacts from special charges attributable to minority interest in our joint ventures. And excluding this impact the year-to-year performance was comparable. We were pleased with this result, given the significant currency headwind for our joint venture in Mexico. In 2017, we expect our income from unconsolidated operations to be about even with 2016 due to further continued currency pressure. At the bottom-line, fourth quarter 2016 adjusted earnings per share was $1.27. This was a $0.09 increase from year ago period mainly as a result of higher adjusted operating income and lower shares outstanding. As a reminder this year-to-year comparison includes the unfavorable impact from currency on both consolidated and unconsolidated income. On Slide 28, we have summarized highlights for cash flow and the year-end balance sheet. Cash flow from operations ended the year at $658 million up from $590 million in 2015. Higher net income and working capital improvement were the main factors driving this increase. For the fiscal year, our cash conversion cycle was better than a year ago period and we are putting programs in place, such as the rollout of extended payment terms with our suppliers to achieve further reductions. Our capital expenditures were $154 million in line with our initial guidance and a step-up from prior years due to major construction in Shanghai and Dubai. In 2017, we expect to spend $170 million to $190 million with the completion of our Shanghai plan, and construction in Southeast Asia to support growth in that market. We returned 70% of cash flow from operations to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. At fiscal yearend, $327 million remained on the current $600 million share repurchase authorization. And based on our current plans for 2017, we expect to reduce shares outstanding by approximately 2% from fiscal year 2016. As always this is subject to change depending on our acquisition activity. We expect 2017 to be another year of strong cash flow providing the funds for continued investment in our growth strategies. Our debt leverage is low and we are well positioned to finance these investments. In the course of my comments and Lawrences we have already shared some remarks on 2017. So lets put this altogether and discuss our guidance on Slide 29. We are well positioned for another strong performance with our on-trend categories effective growth strategies and progress with CCI. As Lawrence indicated, our financial objectives for 2017 are at or above our long-term goals for sales operating income and earnings per share on a constant currency basis. At the top-line, we expect to grow sales 5% to 7% excluding an estimated 2% unfavorable impact from currency rates. The incremental impact of acquisitions, a partial year for Gourmet Garden and nearly a full-year for Giotti are projected to add approximately 2% for the sales growth. We anticipate a combination of pricing, higher volume and product mix to contribute 3% to 5% of growth. We expect to increase adjusted operating income 8% to 10% from $657 million in 2016. In constant currency, our estimated rate of growth is 9% to 11%. Our cost savings target is approximately $100 million and we are planning to increase brand marketing at a high single-digit rate. We expect our pricing actions to largely offset a mid single-digit increase in material cost. Leading to 2017, gross profit margin that is projected to be comparable to 50 basis points higher than 2016. Our guidance range for adjusted earnings per share is $4.05 to $4.13. This compares to $3.78 of adjusted earnings per share in 2016 and excluding the impact of currency rates is an increase of 9% to 11%, right inline with our long-term goal. For the first quarter of 2017, the company expects earnings per share to be comparable to $0.74 of adjusted earnings per share in the first quarter of 2016. As a result of a planned double-digit increase and brand marketing, a higher tax rate and the timing of our pricing actions. For the fiscal year, we expect our higher profit to lead to another year of strong cash flow. Before we move to your questions, let me recap the key takeaways from our remarks this morning. With our fourth quarter results, we delivered a year of record sales, profit and cash. We are executing on an effective and balanced strategy to drive both sales and lower cost. Our CCI program is driving higher margins of profit and generating fuel for growth. And we are confident that this strategy and our people will lead to another year of success and growth in 2017 from McCormick and the shareholders. Operator, lets take the first question.
Operator: Thank you. Well now be conducting the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Please proceed with your questions.
Andrew Lazar: Good morning everybody.
Michael Smith: Good morning Andrew.
Andrew Lazar: Hi, just two questions from me. First one I guess you just mentioned that in the first quarter one of the headwinds is timing of pricing actions and Im just trying to get a sense of is that expected volume elasticity that comes in the first quarter, because of pricing or just the fact that pricing maybe doesnt take full effect until we move through the later part of the year?
Lawrence Kurzius: Andrew this is Lawrence Kurzius. Good morning and the pricing impact in the first quarter is because that price increase that we have taken to reflect inflation on some specific raw materials is only in effect for our portion of the first quarter. That price increase has been put in place and is ineffect now, but here we are in the middle of the quarter right now. So we only get a partial price impact for that first quarter. We do expect some volume elasticity, we have modeled that in, but the real difference on the impact of the pricing is the effective date of the price increase, which is January.
Andrew Lazar: Got it. Thank you for that. And then, past couple of quarters, I know you have had a slide typically in the slide deck that kind of compares the McCormick brand in the core of spices and seasonings category versus the category and it kind of showed sequentially the gap in growth or the market share differential was narrowing pretty significantly, as you went through the year in 2016. Can you comment a little bit about how that share gap might have looked in the fourth quarter and maybe some of the pieces that impacted that and sort of your expectation around I guess market share in your core category in 2017 particularly in light of some of the pricing that you are taking?
Lawrence Kurzius: Right. We have through the scanner and everyone has remarked on this. The scanner sales show a widening gap especially in the fourth quarter where the category grew at about 5% rate and McCormick brands through scanner channels grew at about 2%. So that nets to about 100 basis point decline in market share during that time period for spices and seasonings of business. As I commented in our remarks, we actually had very strong sales in unmeasured channels during that same time, so we believe that the scanner sales understate our performance, we had strong sales in certain club and Hispanic targeted customers and in e-commerce. And so we believe that the measured scan data for the period understated our performance. Ill also comment as we said in our third quarter call that we were putting Vanilla the allocation for the holiday season. So during the holiday season, which is also the peak baken season and peak demand period for Vanilla, in advance of the price increase that we were taking on Vanilla, we had that product on allocation. So actually we feel that our underlying business strength is even stronger than not only about showing piece of scan sales but also in our reported sales. Mike, do you want to comment on that further.
Michael Smith: Yes, I think the other thing to remember and we talked about this a lot in the third quarter call the transition to the new Gourmet organic items was a negative impact in the third. We had it reset for the holiday period but there was a small impact in the beginning of the quarter. So a couple of factors worked against it, but it should provide some tailwind next year also.
Andrew Lazar: Got it. Okay. So the 2017 is your hope that shares are basically more or less in line with the category or is that over the optimistic on my part?
Lawrence Kurzius: I have been hesitant to fin a tale on a specific quarter for share gains, because it has been a long road, but we continue to work toward a situation where we are not only matching the category growth, but where we are exceeding it and are gaining share and certainly that is our goal to get there over the course of 2017.
Andrew Lazar: Thank you. See you in April.
Lawrence Kurzius: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Driscoll with Citi. Please go ahead with your questions.
David Driscoll: Great, thanks a lot. Good morning everyone.
Lawrence Kurzius: Good morning David.
Michael Smith: Good morning.
David Driscoll: Wanted to ask, Andrew was asking a little bit about price volume elasticity on the first quarter. Can you broaden this out more towards the year, I think you got something like three points of pricing expected on the year and then it looks like I think zero to two points of volume. We would just like to hear your thoughts, a little bigger picture on mid-single digit inflation, the last time we saw it in the price volume elasticity. And then just a, just a second question to follow-up on the unmeasured channel benefit, I think you guys were great about how you explained what happened in the data, but maybe what Im sure everyone would like to know is, is that benefit for the unmeasured channels? Is that something we should expect going forward, I mean it probably sounds reasonable, but I think we need to hear you say that if thats okay?
Michael Smith: Yes, hey David good morning, this is Mike. Regarding the prices increases related to the mid-single digit cost increases, you are right, there is about 3% price increase, pricing impact on sales we built in about 0% to 2% on volume mix. What we saw last year and we have these new category management tools, we put in a pricing last year little lower, but we were able to really from an elasticity perspective didnt really see volume degradation. So we are pretty confident this time while there are some pretty significant increases on the Vanilla and Garlic and thats the difference I think if you look back in history with our mid-single digit price increases a couple of years ago, that was spread across the line. This is really specific against two of the sub-categories. So there will be some impact in there v think in downsizing by consumers and things like that, but across the whole line we dont see a price increase. So we shouldnt see price elasticity, volume elasticity there. So we feel confident with these tools we have and the fact that is focused thats a positive for us in 2017.
Lawrence Kurzius: As for the unmeasured channels, the gains that we had in unmeasured channels really reflect real distribution gains that we have achieved. So we expect them to be sustainable overtime.
David Driscoll: Great, thank you so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard with Bernstein. Please proceed with your question.
Alexia Howard: Good morning everyone.
Lawrence Kurzius: Hi Alexia.
Alexia Howard: Hi. So you mentioned the point about the gourmet line in U.S. consumer being somewhat challenged in the third quarter, but the sets were realigned by the holiday season. Was that line back to the solid year-on-year growth in the fourth quarter from what say the outlook for next year? and then I have a quick follow-up.
Michael Smith: Alexia Im not sure I got all of your question in the last part of it. But the transition on gourmet was much more difficult than we anticipated due to the retailers wanting to flush through the old UPC codes versus before they pick on the new ones. I think if we were doing this over again, we would have worked harder to maintain the same codes on the product because it just made for a complicated execution. The scan data continues to show a decline on our gourmet business through the fourth quarter. Nielsen is showing a much more radical decline than our custom IRI database is showing and the Nielsen database is also showing a decline thats out of line with our shipment experience and we believe that there may be a data issue there but they are not picking up all of the new codes as we make the transition. And so that we think that the Nielsen data in particular is overstating the softness in gourmet. In gourmet, we picked up real distribution, we gained distribution and shares of shelf, substantial share of shelf in four out of our top 10 customers. We know that the consumers are buying the new organic gourmet items at a higher rate then that the free gift items in the places where transition was completed and where we are able to measure it. And we are confident that this going to be a real win for us as we go through the year in 2017, particularly as we lap the periods in the second half of the year where we were in transition.
Alexia Howard: Great. And then as a follow-up, obviously, we dont know where the new administration policies are going to release. But as far as the border tax goes. Can you give us any indication at what proportion of your comps are imported and any commentary about how that could affect that happen? Thank you and Ill pass it on.
Lawrence Kurzius: I will let Mike answer that question specifically. But Ill say you that the tax code changes that are really uncertain at this point. There are lot of ideas that are being chatted about in the press, there is nothing on the table and even our new president himself has made contradictory statements about border tax. So we are a long ways from knowing what the tax proposal is going to be. Ill say that as a company, we support a broad based tax reform that makes our business more competitive on a global basis and to the extent that overall rates go down its certainly a good thing for us. A large number of our iconic raw materials are improted products that are grown within a few degrees of the equator and regardless of what our tax policy is we are not going to be able to move equator into the United States so those are going to going continue to be imported product. And so to the extent that there is a border adjustment that includes those items thats a negative for us. Historically, agricultural commodities that cant be grown in the United States have enjoyed a tax preferential treatment and so we would hope that would continue forward, but how that policy plays out is still very much unclear. Mike, do you want to comment on Alexias?
Michael Smith: You took everyone of my talking points. Yes, just to reiterate, I mean it is very speculative now, we are [indiscernible] we do manufacture in the U.S. or one of the good guys from that perspective. So we would any hope any policy change would take that in consideration.
Alexia Howard: Thank you very much. Ill pass it on.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Ken Goldman with JP Morgan. Please go ahead with your questions.
Kenneth Goldman: Hi, thanks and good morning, everyone. One quick clarification from me, if I can. I think in the press release, you guided the brand marketing to be at mid single-digits, but its high single-digits in the prepared remarks in the slide. Can you just confirm it is high single-digits for 2017?
Lawrence Kurzius: Ken.
Michael Smith: Yes, it is high single-digit in 2017.
Lawrence Kurzius: It is high single-digit you may be thinking of first quarter, where we are guiding to to double-digit.
Kenneth Goldman: Ill go back and check, I thought we are in mid single-digit for the year, but Ill go back and check. And then my real question is I just wanted to get a sense and I really appreciate the clarity on the growth in club and e-commerce, adding 2% to retail sales growth and so forth. I also wanted to just make sure, as you head into price increases or as companies head into price increase, sometimes there can be a little bit of a buy-in ahead of time. Was there any of that you experienced that benefit the fourth quarter and maybe will be a little bit of a reversal in the first quarter. Im just trying to get a sense of how close your shipments were to your measure takeaway both in Nielsen channel and otherwise and what we should expect the reverberation to be if any in 1Q.
Lawrence Kurzius: Ken this is Lawrence heere, Ill start. I think we mentioned that the price increases were really concentrated on the items where we were experiencing commodity of the increases. The biggest increases were on the Vanilla and Garlic items. As we said on our third quarter call as i remarked a little while ago, the Vanilla was on allocation through the fourth quarter in advance to that increase to prevent any kind of forward buy, part of it is we are trying to protect our cost position on the product and make sure that we are able to get the pricing to reflect the higher commodity cost. Mike you want to?
Michael Smith: We actively made sure there was no buy-in into the fourth quarter.
Kenneth Goldman: Great. Thank you very much.
Joyce Brooks: Ken, Ill go back and comment. You are right, the slides and our comments today in prepared remarks do say high single-digit, the price we sustaned at single-digit and its high single digit that we are guiding to for the brand marketing increase.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of [indiscernible] from Bank of America. Please go ahead with your questions.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning everyone. First a quick follow-up on the 1Q outlook, you gave the cadence for earnings for the quarter. Can you talk a little bit sales, what your expectations are there, should there be more or less inline with your full-year outlook or ahead. Can you just kind of help frame that?
Michael Smith: Slightly lower because of the pricing impact as we talked about but we are still seeing very healthy growth both in the consumer and the industrial side.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And then just your sales growth for the year, your underlying sales growth and size and acceleration sequentially, I guess one should we expect a sequential improvement in both segments and just trying to understand or breakdown a little bit what is the key driver behind the acceleration. Is it new products, is it a step-up in demand that you are seeing in certain market or across certain products such as clean labeling, GMO. Just kind of talk about that and just I guess really more the sustainability of the as you think about moving forward of the acceleration.
Michael Smith: Hey this is Mike. From a segment perspective, its relatively balanced both of our segments are implementing pricing. Industrial is a little ahead of consumer from that perspective, but they are generally balanced throughout the year. we are really focusing heavily on, acquisitions as you know is a big component, a third of our growth algorithm but also innovation and we talked about it in the call where we moved from 8% to 9% our new products development in the last three years. So we have it inline with our long-term growth algorithm, a lot of great new products that will help drive that growth in 2017.
Lawrence Kurzius: Ill also add, we have confidence in the underlying momentum of our business in the Americas where we are coming off a pretty strong year and see a good forward visibility on momentum into 2017.
Unidentified Analyst: I guess from some of the changes that you made to your line then again the labeling, removing artificial ingredients, are you seeing a lift and can you sort of quantify the benefit that just starting to see from these actions.
Lawrence Kurzius: We are definitely seeing a lift, I dont think we are ready to quantify those specifically just yet, but we absolutely know that consumers, particularly millennial consumers are interested in more transparency around the labeling of their products and understanding what is in the food that they eat. So things like non-GMO labeling, organic labeling, just making the package transparent, so they can see what is inside all quality to millennial consumers. We have gained household penetration among millennial, which has been an important goal of our that the product changes are part of that so the changes in our advertising campaign. And the increase that we have made in digital marketing. But I dont think we are ready to comment specifically on the lift from non-GMO label in particular. On the change in the gourmet products to organic in the retailers where we have made the full transition, we are definitely seeing an increase in offtake and velocity though.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. So just a question more directly given from against some of these initiatives. The acceleration in sales in the underlying business or the guidance really ahead of your long-term growth rate. Is this sustainable or do you think more the new norm in the outlook given some of these the new product initiatives and the demand fall or is this just more of a one year thing because of a lot of new product that are coming?
Michael Smith: Well ill say our long-term guidance is for 4% to 6% top-line growth. our guidance for this year and constant currency is higher than that. I dont think we are making a change in our long-term guidance at this point, but we are definitely calling out that we expect a strong top-line growth this year.
Lawrence Kurzius: Coming off of the year, last year constant currency sales growthwas 5.5% so thats at the high end of 4% to 6% that gives us more bullishness going into 2017 also.
Unidentified Analyst: Perfect. Thanks. Ill pass it on.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Akshay Jagdale with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Akshay Jagdale: Good morning.
Lawrence Kurzius: Good morning.
Michael Smith: Good morning, Akshay.
Akshay Jagdale: Hi, I just wanted to follow-up on the market share question, thanks for the clarification on the measured, unmeasured, but your organic sales growth guidance of 3% to 5% you said is balanced across both segments. So lets say the mid point is 4%, if the category is growing at 5% and you are growing at 4% that assumes, that you are going to continue to lose a little bit of share including the unmeasured channel. Am I reading that incorrectly or and then I have a follow-up?
Michael Smith: Yes, Akshay its Mike, you have to be a little careful, because you know the category as we talk about it and that share is really our spices and seasons business, it is like half of our business in the U.S. So its a much broader business with things like dry seasoning mixes, Zatarains, Tai Kitchen and industrial so. You are trying to park it down to a very kind - thats a big part of business, but its not more than half of our business.
Akshay Jagdale: Yes, just what Im trying to understand is intra quarter as we follow your business, one of the things that obviously you look at is market share and there has been some of a disappointing trend despite all the initiatives you have taken in that regard. So for the U.S. business, I mean how important is it to look at market share and you know when do you think you will be able to reverse those measured channel market share trends?
Michael Smith: We continue to work towards again not just matching the market but exceeding the market growth rate. Im reluctant to be pinned down on a specific quarter, but this is a goal that we are working towards and that we expect to get to in 2017.
Akshay Jagdale: And in terms of what gets you there, obviously you have done a great job consistently increasing your marketing spend, you are ratcheting that up a little bit again next year. Is new products as a percentage of sale going to be greater than 9% or are there any other moves on execution that will help you reverse this trend on market share? Thank you.
Lawrence Kurzius: Well I think there is a series of activities and programs that we have in place that are driving our business and that we expect to generate market share gains. Part of it is renovation of our core business, part of it is innovative new products that again 9% is the middle of our target range globally for new products. We aim to have 8% to 10% of our sales from new products introduced in the last three years. We would expect that rate to continue. We continued to increase our investment in marketing expenditures A&P delivered against the consumer, we continue to shift that to the most effective channels. We said in our remarks that digital is now up to 46% actually in the U.S. its over 60% and so we are trying to drive our business with the consumer and particular with the younger consumer entering into the market, the millennial consumer. I think we got a great tailwind from the millennial generation also where we index well, we are very confident that we are going to get there.
Akshay Jagdale: Thank you. Ill pass it on.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rob Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Robert Moskow: Hi, thank you. You mentioned a big customer in the U.S. I guess the mass customer that transition to its organic line or an organic competitor of yours to private label and that caused private label to increase. And then I think you also mentioned in the UK, another customer I guess transitioned away from Schwartz and I think to lower priced product. Lawrence have you thought through like what kind of the trend there is, are these just kind of one-offs or is there a risk that the category gets devaluated more in 2017 as private label gets in these two markets gets a bigger share of the shelf.
Lawrence Kurzius: Hey Rob, good morning by the way. Thats really a great question, a great point. That the moves that these customers have made toward private label have tended to devalue the category in their source. Although we didnt comment on it, we did see a couple of retailers put heavier promotional emphasis on some private label products during the holiday season, which also devalued the category for them. And we are able to go back to those customers and show them particularly with the tools that we have and with the kind of dialogue we have with customers today. Precisely what the missed opportunity was for them and generally that they have missed, that they have lost category profit and in particularly these customers category share versus their peers who did not make these moves. I think that the situation in the U.S. is a bit different than the situation in the UK though, the big customer in the U.S. to transfer this brand to a private label is part of our broader effort on organic that went well beyond our product category. And so it really wasnt specific to the herb and spice category or targeted against us specifically. It was a part of a broader multi-category initiative and I think is really more directed at making them competitive versus the natural food channel rather than trying to do anything specific in the spices category. In Europe, that the big customer in the UK, this is part of a deflationary environment in the UK, that particular customer again has a particularly strategy, that goes well beyond spices and herbs, but that did impact us and that was a drag on our performance in the EMEA. Broadly in EMEA we are still seeing good growth and good gains in other markets, but UK is a difficult spot right now.
Robert Moskow: I guess my follow-up this big customer in the U.S. when you say its a broader initiative, I think trying to put their own brand on more organic items in the store or is that what is happening?
Lawrence Kurzius: They are trying to put their own private label brand on more organic items in the store, that correct. Well I dont want to say the customer you probably know who it is.
Robert Moskow: [Indiscernible]. Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Jonathan Feeney with Consumer Edge Research. Please go ahead with your question.
Jonathan Feeney: Thanks very much and good morning.
Lawrence Kurzius: Good morning.
Jonathan Feeney: Just two questions, i wanted to - its been a long time since i did Freshman algebra. Can you give us what percent of your U.S. spices and seasonings sales are going to these unmeasured channels roughly speaking and if you can detail around what is the club, I know that only one maybe two club stores where you dont have data. So just the blanket one is probably the easiest number to give. And my second question is looking to your 2017 guidance, when you consider Giotti, what contribution would you be expecting as you think about that number from acquisitions considering laps and distribution gains and everything else? Thanks very much.
Michael Smith: We dont get into a data by channel that discretely is definitely less than 10% of our sales, we talk about e-commerce sales for the food category less than 2%. So you can pluck for numbers and make it work that way. From a Giotti perspective, we bought that business in mid December, as most of our acquisitions during that first year we really dont look, because we have to make investments and things like SAP and integration cost. We dont look at that as being accretive to EPS and frankly its a little bit of drag in the first quarter as we integrate it, but look forward to be relatively neutral in 2017.
Jonathan Feeney: Iam sorry, Im purely talking about the sales, I didnt understand the accretion part. Can you give me a sense of how much its going to contribute to sales and not just Giotti but anything, any leftovers from non-comparable acquisitions you made and distribution gains perhaps on recent acquisitions in 2017.
Lawrence Kurzius: Yes, we talked and discussed about the 2%.
Jonathan Feeney: 2% for the full-year 2017 I thought that was just a 2016 number, thats 2017?
Lawrence Kurzius: Yes.
Jonathan Feeney: Thanks so much.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Brett Hundley with Vertical Group. Please proceed with your question.
Brett Hundley: Hey, good morning thank you for the question.
Lawrence Kurzius: Hey Brett.
Brett Hundley: Good morning. I just wanted to revisit the market share topic. You know there has been further consolidation in the U.S. retail spice area recently, and I am actually wondering your thoughts on whether or not that provides any opportunities or risks as it relates to your pursuit of category growth. And I guess Im wondering now as well just because it seems like brand support spend is a little bit more kind of front-end weighted this year versus last year?
Lawrence Kurzius: Yes, when you talk about further consolidation, I assume you are talking about the purchase of the ACH brand by B&G. ACH was already, they were a pretty good market of their brands, they are webber brand in particular is a well advertised, well supported business. So, Im not sure that we see any particular new threat, its hard to know what B&G would do with those brands but typically they have got kind of under loved, under marketed businesses and we would not characterize this as one of those. [indiscernible] brand that they also own, is one of the gourmet brands thats not organic that on the shelf right now and say that they probably lost in distribution as we gained places on the shelf. We do have an acceleration of our brand spend and the marketing spend in the first quarter of the year, also cautious to you that thats the kind of our smallest quarter of the year. So, a big percentage is not as many dollars as say the smaller percentage in the fourth quarter.
Michael Smith: Just really quick on the A&P spend, we have mentioned the puree campaign which has been really successful in North America so we are spending there in the first quarter, but we have expanded that to Europe. So in the first quarter, some of that increase is also related to the UK in some of those markets too.
Brett Hundley: I appreciate that Mike. And then, the other thing I want to squeeze in real quickly was your New Spring product lineup, you know that was announced in April last year and it comes in January this year and we have seen some other package through companies talking about this innovation and schedules picking up overall. But Im wondering if that has meaning this time of year and as well I mean the new products that you are bringing this year tend to be more focused on product outside the spice racket seems and so Im curious how that might affect contribution margin potential as we think about your new product lineup.
Michael Smith: And generally across our branded categories, gross profit, operating profits generally within the same range, so whether its a dry seasoning mix, spice and herb, the vanilla. So there is really no kick from that perspective from these new products. And we have really made a the last couple of years of making sure new products dont degrade margins. Really focusing on [indiscernible] upfront, making sure they hit the right price points right away and then supporting them with A&P.
Lawrence Kurzius: And obviously we are quite excited about these new products where we wouldnt spoken about them. In the U.S. kind of coming from Zatarains originally myself I love the new Zatarains items that extend that brand and a very attractive margin. Our Vahin expansion in EMEA is also expanding a great brand and again that margins on our Vahin business are comparable to our spices and herbs. And the wet sauces in China that are being loss take advantage of the squeeze pouch format that we developed for our ketchup and Thai chili sauce product in that market. Im really quite excited about the theme over there, quite excited about the rate of innovation in China is pretty low, a lot of the business has been built by continuing to build distribution and household penetration on existing items and relatively low rate of new product. So this is a big introduction for them leveraging a very efficiently manufacturing facility and package format that we can scale. So those would be quite attractive margin items for that business, a little bit below our global average, but still quite a good contributor for that region.
Brett Hundley: Thanks for the color guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question is from the line of Steve Strycula with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Steven Strycula: Hi, good morning.
Lawrence Kurzius: Good morning, Steve.
Michael Smith: Good morning.
Steven Strycula: Two quick questions for you. First would be a modeling one, just wanted to get a sense of the gross margin cadence, how the first quarter should trend versus kind of the full-year. Just given the cadence of price increases and then I have a got one more operational question to follow-up.
Michael Smith: If you talk about the price increase, the fact that we will get about half a quarter impact would put some negative pressure on the first quarter comparing the of the year.
Steven Strycula: Okay. And then relate to the European business, particularly the consumer business, you spoke about, I think a little bit on Rob Moskows question, but just want to get a senses as are you seeing across the big four retailers, just decrease display space for spices in general, is a more allocation of private label, reduction in weeks of supply and key retailers and then should we be modeling this to kind of process for the next three quarters or is it just more contained to a one-time correction in the fourth quarter?
Lawrence Kurzius: Well, first of all, I would say for retail, I think you are talking about the UK business rather than that - and so in the UK private label has always been a bigger factors, its probably the highest market share private label market we operate in and so this is kind of a steepening of that trend. This move is by one particular retailer, other retailers in that same market of course, each of them sees what the other does. So that particular market is a challenging market for us, but again thats just one country out of the whole continent. We have very good trends in our other markets in that region [indiscernible] Eastern Europe.
Steven Strycula: Okay thanks, one small tax question. I might have missed it when Mike was speaking earlier but the full-year I think you said you guided to around 28% in the first quarter would be higher, can you kind of just recap or flush that out as to kind of like the magnitude of first quarter versus balance of the year?
Michael Smith: Yes, the underlying tax rates that we see generally depends on where you make the money in the U.S. or overall, but generally 29% or 30% and then we talked about this new accounting standard, we are adopting this year which is a slight favorable which gets us down into the 28% range. A lot of times your discrete tax items dont have - they will be very variable during the year, in the first quarter right now we dont see a lot of those, you could - I would suggest 29% to 30% is probably the right tax rate for the first quarter. But a lot factors go into that tax rate and with this new accounting standard, you are probably going to see some variability across the industry as far as tax is. It will make it a little more difficult to forecast quite frankly.
Steven Strycula: Alright, well thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ill now turn the floor over to Lawrence Kurzius for closing remarks.
Lawrence Kurzius: Thanks everyone for your questions and for participating on todays call. We are driving growth at McCormick, our experienced leaders and engaged employees are executing on a strategy designed to build long-term value for our shareholders and we look forward to continuing to report to you on our progress.
Joyce Brooks: Thanks Lawrence and thanks to everyone for joining todays call. If you have further questions regarding the information today, you can reach us at 410-771-7244. That concludes this mornings conference.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-09-30 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Joyce Brooks - VP, IR Lawrence Kurzius - President and CEO Mike Smith - EVP and CFO
Analysts: David Driscoll - Citigroup Ken Goldman - JP Morgan Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Mario Contreras - Deutsche Bank Lubi Kutua - Jefferies Andrew Lazar - Barclays
Joyce Brooks: Good morning. This is Joyce Brooks, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you for joining todays call for a discussion of McCormicks Third Quarter Financial Results and our Latest Outlook for 2016. To accompany this call, we have posted a set of slides at ir.mccormick.com. [Operator Instructions] Well begin with remarks from Lawrence Kurzius, President and CEO; and Mike Smith Executive Vice President and CFO, and then open the lines for questions. [Operator Instructions] During our remarks, we will refer to non-GAAP financial measures. These include adjusted operating income and adjusted earnings per share that exclude the impact of special charges as well as information in constant currency. Reconciliations to the GAAP results are included in this mornings press release and slides. As a reminder, todays presentation contains projections and other forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from those projected. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or other factors. As seen on slide two, our forward-looking statement also provides information on risk factors that could affect our financial results. Its now my pleasure to turn the discussion over to Lawrence.
Lawrence Kurzius: Thank you, Joyce. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. McCormicks third quarter results continued the strong performance we delivered in the first half of 2016 with adjusted earnings per share of $1.03. In constant currency, we grew sales 6%, with increases in both segments in each of our three regions, and grew adjusted operating income 15%. These results demonstrate the effective execution of our strategy, designed to drive both top line sales and significant productivity improvements. This balanced approach is being managed by McCormick leaders and employees around the world and I thank them for their effort and engagement.  For the year-to-date financial results and momentum heading into the fourth quarter, were well positioned to deliver record results in 2016. Taking a look at the third quarter, we were pleased with the performance of both our consumer and industrial segments. On a constant currency basis, we grew consumer segment sales 7% and increased adjusted operating income 12%. As those who follow McCormick know we're driving sales with increases in our base business, new products and acquisitions. All three of these drivers contributed to consumer segment sales increase this quarter.  Our base business growth was particularly strong in the Americas region and led by sales of core McCormick and Lawry's brand spices and seasonings. Also our sales of recipe mixes including wet recipe mixes have picked up in the US and we gained category share this quarter. China was another major driver of the consumer segment sales increase this quarter, with double-digit growth in constant currency and category share gains for both herbs and spices and recipe mixes. As for innovation we shared with you at our June earnings call a great lineup of new products we are launching in the second half of our fiscal year. These include the rollout of herb grinders in additional markets, organic recipe mixes and kitchen basics bone broth in the U.S., which is a simple way to add flavor and 10 grams of protein per serving. Internationally among the new products we're introducing our new world cuisine recipe mixes across Europe and innovative dessert items in France and Australia. On the acquisition front, we had an incremental benefit this quarter from both Stubbs and Gourmet Garden. While it is less than six months since we acquired Gourmet Garden I'm pleased to report that we're already gaining new distribution for these products in the U.S. and our first retail placement in Canada. While constant currency sales rose 7% for the consumer segment, the increase was even higher for adjusted operating income at 12% in constant currency led by our comprehensive continuous improvement program TCI we're making great progress in lowering costs throughout our business and improving margins for both our consumer and industrial segments. We are well on our way towards reaching our goal of $100 million to $110 million cost reduction for 2016. We also had more positive mix this year, this included sales in North America with the strength of our branded business outpacing our sales of economy products and in the Asia-Pacific region where we benefited from our year ago actions to improve our product mix and margins. Turning to our industrial segment on slide six, we grew sales 4% and increased adjusted operating income 23% in constant currency. We had solid sales results in each of our three regions and Mike will go through some of the specific drivers. Our growth strategy to excel in customer intimacy and consumer insight is really paying off for the industrial segment. This is evident in our third quarter growth and share gains of our branded food service sales in the U.S. and other markets and we're meeting growing consumer demand for organic flavors, non-GMO products, and a whole range of on-trend flavors. In this regard the addition of Brand Aromatics in 2015 has been a real success expanding our capabilities and leading the new business. Increasingly our industrial customers are also seeking innovative solutions for healthier food including snacking, which is also driving higher sales.  The third quarter profit growth for our industrial segment was particularly high this quarter with adjusted operating income of 23% in constant currency and we increased adjusted operating income margin more than 100 basis points. TCI was the significant driver of this increase and business mix was also a key contributor. Our customers are seeking unique flavors that tend to be more complex, value added and higher margin. We're unlocking some new opportunities most recently with flavors for savory side dishes and dessert baking mixes with our FlavorCell technology encapsulated flavors that offer protection and controlled release in a wide variety of processing environments. These segment results with the excellent growth in adjusted operating income helped us achieve adjusted earnings per share of $1.03, an $0.18 increase from $0.85 in the third quarter of 2015. The higher operating income added $0.11 of the increase and the other main factor was a lower tax rate as Mike will describe more fully. With one quarter remaining in the fiscal year we've increased our guidance for adjusted earnings per share to $3.75 to $3.79 from our previous guidance at the upper end of $3.68 to $3.75. This new range is based on our strong third quarter results partially offset by several headwinds for earnings per share as we move into the fourth quarter. The first headwind is a greater impact from unfavorable currency particularly for our joint venture in Mexico. Second a reduction in our initial 2016 plans for share repurchases due to acquisition activity throughout the year for both completed and uncompleted deal. As many of you know, its our practice to curtail share repurchases in conjunction with acquisition activity to achieve our target debt leverage. And third, the rising cost for certain raw materials, particularly, Vanilla and Garlic. When we provide our material cost inflation outlook for 2017 in our January earnings call, it is likely to be above 2016s low single-digit rate. As weve done in the past, we expect to manage this increase through pricing actions and cost savings. While weve already begun to take pricing actions, we anticipate some near-term slowdown in our rate of margin improvement. Part of his remarks, Mike will be providing more comments on our outlook. Next, lets take a closer look at our growth in our U.S. consumer business beginning on Slide 8. As I indicated, our third quarter sales growth from McCormick and Lawrys brands spices and seasonings in the U.S. was particularly strong. Leading this increase were core McCormick brand spices and herbs. Our conversion to non-GMO labeling has gone extremely well. And we activated marketing for new herb grinders. We at McCormick are proud to share that our herb grinders were recently awarded Innovation of the Year by GMA, the Grocery Manufacturers Association. Were continuing to increase our digital marketing to drive sales. Our plans are to take digital marketing to nearly two-thirds of our total U.S. advertising this year, up from 46% in 2015. Traffic to our McCormick.com site is up 15% versus last year, as millennials and other generation seek recipes, how to videos and other content. Just last week, we learned that L2 research ranked our McCormick brand in the U.S. number 5 out of 126 food brands in its annual digital IQ ranking. For a third year in a row, we had achieved the number five spot, which places us at L2s genius level. The L2 ranking is based on the following criteria: brand site effectiveness and e-tailer investments, digital marketing, social media based on reach, search and engagement, and mobile encompassing experience search advertising and apps. In 2016 were getting more value out of each marketing dollar. In the U.S., were on track to reduce our non-working media by 20% in 2016 versus 2015, and increase our working media by 12%. Across all markets, were shifting our marketing towards more high ROI digital marketing.  As a result of these actions and including the currency impact, weve lowered our planned increase in brand marketing for 2016 from an increase of $20 million to an increase of $15 million. This is a 6% increase from our brand marketing spend in 2015 and well ahead of our projected 3% year-on-year sales increase on a reported basis. Also behind the strong sales performance this quarter was our great grilling season. We grew Grill Mates sales 6%, with incremental marketing support and the introduction of new single use marinades an innovation that is exceeding our expectations at market. Sales of our Lawrys brand seasoned salt and other products were up with some strong brand marketing activity. And as we worked through resets of our gourmet line for the new organic versions, sales this period rose at a double-digit rate. For those of you, who watched the retail consumption data, our reported sales growth might seem at odds with the latest data, which has shown a sequential increase in category share decline for McCormick versus the last quarter. A large part of the share decline this quarter related to the significant retail shelf disruption from the conversion of our gourmet product line. We remarked on this as part our outlook at our June earnings call. As the old gourmet products rotate off the shelf and are replaced by new organic varieties have been a number of out of stock situations and shelf label changes. As customers work to replenish their shelves, our shipments of gourmet items were strong toward the end of the third quarter, and we expect this to read through in stronger retail consumption data for the fourth quarter. For those customers who have completed the resets to organic gourmet were seeing significant sales lift and we expect most our customers to have these conversions complete before the holiday period begins later this fall. In addition with this move to organic, weve been able to increase our distribution of gourmet items with 4 of our top 10 retailers. Looking ahead to the fourth quarter, were excited about this years holiday period in the U.S. Were reminding consumers to flavor these important meals with the pure flavors of the holiday, during its high consumption period, were driving brand loyalty through television, digital and in-store communications, and featuring some of our latest core product innovations, such as roasted ground cinnamon and ginger bread spice. As part of our fourth quarter communication plan, were reactivating our highly successful purity campaign. This campaign has been particularly effective with millennial consumers. We measured a two percentage point increase in millennial household penetration for McCormick spices and seasonings when we introduced our purity message. In addition the purity TV and digital messaging lifted millennials' purchase intent for McCormick brand by 15 percentage points. This is driving a strong retail sales response with a 9% increase in our spices and seasonings during a seven week on air period.  Across all of our markets and both of our segments our leaders and employees throughout McCormick are driving towards a solid finish and great fiscal year results. McCormick is uniquely positioned as a global leader in flavor a category that is on trend with todays consumer and healthy eating. Were driving strong momentum with our strategies to grow sales, balance with our CCI program and other efforts to build fuel for growth and higher margins. Id like to thank you for your attention and its now my pleasure to turn it over to Mike. Mike?
Mike Smith: Thanks, Lawrence and good morning, everyone. As Lawrence indicated our third quarter results continued the strong performance we achieved in the first half. Ill provide some added perspective on the financial results and then discuss the details of our latest 2016 financial outlook. On a constant currency basis, we grew sales 6%. Acquisitions, higher volume and product mix and pricing taken in response to higher material costs each contributed to the increase as seen on slide 12. Both our consumer and industrial segments delivered solid top-line growth with increases in each of our three regions. On Slide 13, consumer segment sales in the Americas rose 8% in constant currency, with 3 percentage points of the increase from acquisitions, both Stubbs and Gourmet Garden. The balance of sales growth this period was in the U.S. and led by McCormick and Lawrys brand spices and seasonings, Zatarain's brand items and Kitchen Basics products. These sales increases were offset in part by a slight decline in our sales of private label and economy brands.  EMEA consumer segment sales rose 1% in constant currency. Weve continued to drive sales growth in Poland and Russia that includes the benefit of new distribution and we delivered another strong sales quarter along with category share gains in France with new products and brand marketing. These gains were offset impart by weakness in the UK where a number of food companies have been challenged by difficult retail environment. We grew consumer sales in the Asia Pacific region 11% in constant currency. Sales from Gourmet Garden added 7 percentage points of this growth. In China, we return to a strong sales increase this quarter following some moderation in the second quarter that related to a successful SAP implementation in our Wuhan facility. Third quarter sales in China were mainly driven by promotional activity and pricing. Year-to-date, our consumer sales in China are up 9% on a constant currency basis. A decline in India lowered our third quarter sales in this region by 6 percentage points due to a decision a year ago to discontinue certain low margin products. For the consumer segment in total, we grew adjusted operating income 11% to $127 million. In constant currency, adjusted operating income rose 12% from the year ago period, the impact of sales growth and cost savings more than offset higher material costs and our investments in growth including higher brand marketing. Turning to our industrial segment on slide 17, we had excellent results this quarter in both sales and profit. We grew industrial sales in the Americas 4% in constant currency. This strong performance was driven by sales of branded food service products in the U.S. where weve gained share with a leading customer. Also in the U.S. weve been winning business with several new restaurant customers. Although demand from some of the quick service restaurants remains weak. And in Latin America were growing sales of snack seasonings and other products supplied from our operation in Mexico.  In Canada, we took pricing to pass through higher material costs that include the impact of currency, but this was offset by weaker volume for industrial products in that market. We grew industrial sales in EMEA 5% in constant currency versus the third quarter of 2015. We had solid sales growth of branded food service products and customized labor solutions. Industrial segment sales in the Asia-Pacific region were up 3% in constant currency. We had strong growth from our operations in Australia and Southeast Asia, driven impart by new product wins and promotional activity by our quick service restaurant customers. In China as we indicated last quarter a large customer is diversifying their supply chain by adding a second supplier for some core items that McCormick supplies.  Adjusted operating income for the industrial segment ended the quarter up 14% at $45 million. In constant currency, the growth was 23%, driven by higher sales, our cost savings and a more favorable business mix offset impart by higher material costs and increases in brand marketing. Those of you who follow us closely know that the industrial segment tends to have some quarter-to-quarter profit volatility. Largely due to customer activity, including new product launches, limited time offers and other promotions. Following an exceptionally strong third quarter, we are projecting adjusted operating income for this segment to slow in the fourth quarter. For the fiscal year, we expect both an increase in adjusted operating income and improved margins versus 2015. Across both segments, adjusted operating income, which excludes special charges rose 12% in the third quarter from the year ago period. And excluding the impact of unfavorable currency, we grew adjusted operating income by 15%. Year-to-date, the increase in adjusted operating income in constant currency is 11%. We increased gross profit margin 180 basis points year-on-year to 41.6% in the third quarter. This improvement was a result of cost savings from our CCI and streamlining actions, favorable mix and pricing actions taken to offset higher costs. Given the rise in certain materials as Lawrence described, we still expect the increased gross margin in the fourth quarter, but the increase is likely to be below 100 basis points. Our selling, general and administrative expense as a percentage of net sales was up year-on-year by 20 basis points from the third quarter of 2015. Mainly due to the increase in brand marketing. The tax rate on a GAAP basis this quarter was 22.3% below both the prior year rate and our previous guidance for the second half, mainly due to discrete tax items. At this time, we expect a tax rate of 28% to 29% in the fourth quarter and a fiscal year 2016 tax rate of 25% to 26%. Income from unconsolidated operations was down this quarter by $2 million. As a reminder, income from unconsolidated operations in the third quarter of 2015 had a $2 million favorable impact from special charges, due to the minority interest in our Kohinoor joint venture in India.  Currency also had an unfavorable impact on the year ago comparison. However, we have a good underlying performance. Our largest joint venture McCormick de Mexico has grown year-to-date sales at a high single-digit rate in local currency. We anticipate a greater impact from unfavorable currency and have increased our expected decline in income from unconsolidated operations to about 15% from approximately 10%.  At the bottom-line, third quarter 2016 adjusted earnings per share was $1.03. This was a $0.18 increase from the year ago period. As a result of higher adjusted operating income, a favorable tax rate and lower shares outstanding. As a reminder, this year-to-year comparison includes the unfavorable impact from currency on both consolidated and unconsolidated income. On slide 26, we summarized highlights for cash flow and the quarter end balance sheet. Through the first three quarters of 2016, cash flow from operations was $322 million, up slightly from the year ago period. The impact of higher net income was offset impart by a pension contribution, timing of tax payments and an increase in trade receivables this period. For the third quarter, our cash and conversion cycle was down from the year ago period, and we are putting programs in place, such as extended payment terms with our suppliers to achieve further reductions. We still expect capital expenditures of $150 million to $160 million. Much of this is in support of our growth, with major construction in both Shanghai and Dubai.  In August, we approved future capital investments in Southeast Asia to support our growth. With a new manufacturing facility in Thailand, and a new and advanced technical innovation center in Singapore. Were also returning a fortune of cash to our shareholders. And through the first three quarters used $343 million for dividends and share repurchases. At the end of the third quarter, $391 million remained on the current $600 million share repurchase authorization. Note that we now expect to reduce shares outstanding by 1% from fiscal year 2015. This is below our initial projection of 2% it is due to the curtailment of our repurchases related to acquisition activity in 2016. In summary, 2016 is expected to be another year of strong cash flow providing the funds for continued investment and acquisitions and other growth strategies. Our debt leverage is low and we are well positioned to finance these investments. Let's move now to our financial guidance. We continue to expect strong growth for fiscal year 2016 and have updated several projections based on our third quarter results and latest outlook for the fourth quarter. At the top-line we expect to grow sales approximately 3% on a reported basis and approximately 6% in constant currency. This is at the upper end of our previous range and applies a fourth quarter increase of approximately 6% on a constant currency basis. We expect to grow adjusted operating income approximately 7% from $614 million in 2015. In constant currency, our estimated rate of growth is 10%, which is at the midpoint of the previous range. Our guidance for cost savings remains $100 million to $110 million and our current estimate for increased brand marketing is around $15 million, reflecting the spending efficiencies as Lawrence noted.  As also discussed, we're increasing our guidance range for adjusted earnings per share to $3.75 to $3.79. Our previous guidance for adjusted EPS was the end of $3.68 to $3.75. This increase reflects the favorable third quarter results, partially offset by the effect of currency on our income from unconsolidated operations, a lower reduction of shares outstanding and the rise of vanilla and garlic.  Excluding the estimated 4 percentage point impact of unfavorable currency rates, this range is an increase of 12% to 13% from adjusted earnings per share of $3.48 in 2015. Based on this fiscal year 2016 range, we're projecting adjusted EPS for the fourth quarter of $1.24 to $1.28. This is an increase of 5% to 8% from adjusted EPS of $1.18 in the fourth quarter of 2015. To summarize, our projected fiscal year 2016 constant currency growth rates for sales, adjusted operating income and adjusted earnings per share are at or above our long-term objectives for the business. We look forward to reporting our final results to you in January. That completes my remarks I'll turn it back over to Lawrence. 
Lawrence Kurzius: Thanks, Mike. As we move to your questions let me leave you with our key takeaways for the quarter. First we had great results, in constant currency, we grew sales 6% with growth in both segments in each region and adjusted operating income was up 15%. We're executing on an effective strategy to drive sales and lower cost. Our CCI program is driving higher margins and profit and generating feel for growth. And based on our year-to-date results and business momentum, we expect 2016 to be a record year for McCormick. So operator let's take the first question. 
Operator: Thank you. We'll now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Our first question today comes from the line of David Driscoll with Citigroup. Please proceed with your questions.
David Driscoll: Good morning and thank you. 
Lawrence Kurzius: Good morning, David. 
David Driscoll: I had two questions I was hoping to ask. The first question is I just like to hear your thoughts on U.S. food trends and just kind of what you're seeing from the consumer. Specifically it's been pretty strong growth within the spice category, but yet the overall grocery stores have been deflationary. So just like to hear your thoughts about kind of the differential between these two and does it have any implications to your category going forward? And then a follow up if I may.
Lawrence Kurzius: So thanks David. I think that the food generally still continues to be relatively flat and the spice category -- herbs and spices is one of the strongest categories in the store. If you look at a heat map for the entire store you would see that the herb and spice category is about the hottest spot in the store.
David Driscoll: Yeah, I totally understand that. Do you think that there is anything to be worried about in terms of the deflation that we see more broadly in the store versus this exceptional growth or in fact did lower prices in the meat category have maybe a positive linkage to whats going in spices, thats really where I'm trying to drive at.
Lawrence Kurzius: We just see the spice category being driven by a number of long-term trends David. There is increased interest in cooking from scratch as Millennials come to be a larger and larger part of the shopping universe, weve talked about this a couple of times and we just think that thats a real advantage for our core category. I'm not so sure that I can speak to change in the trend for the whole center of the store, there does seem to be a shift away from more prepared foods and a move towards closer to fresh more scratch type foods, I think that bodes well for the perimeter of the store and for companies that have businesses that involve scratch cooking and again I think that thats a positive for our category.  Theres also a trend towards greater interest in health and wellness and healthier eating and again I think thats supportive of the herb and spice category, particularly in the U.S. where herbs and spices are in the dietary guidelines for Americans really for the first time ever as a strategy for reducing things like added salt, added sugar in foods. 
David Driscoll: Just one fast follow-up on the
Lawrence Kurzius: By the way as we see this also on the industrial side of our business, almost left that out. Many of our industrial customers are working with us to change the formulations of their products to make them more natural, to take out things that sound artificial, to make them sound fresher and less processed. 
David Driscoll: A quick follow-up on inflation in pricing, I believe that you said but I just want to confirm that youve had a tremendous period here where youve actually had price increases on the portfolio, you had I believe its been net deflation where youve had low single-digit raw material inflation, but this incredible CCI program so on balance net deflation, but it sounds like in your script youre telling us that going forward if its not going to be as good, the inflation is really going to start to pick up for as I think you called out a couple of particular items. But it just sounded like there was a real material change here in the trajectory of inflation. Is that correct, and is that the message?
Lawrence Kurzius: Well there has been a lot of volatility in raw materials over the last couple of years; weve had to deal with a long and sustained increase in the cost of one of our iconic raw materials in particular that being pepper. We did this year experienced low single-digit inflation so I wouldnt say that there was deflation in our cost. CCI doesnt just go to the cost of the raw material inputs, but looks at every line of the P&L. So a portion of that CCI was in our fixed cost structure and SG&A and so on. We do see a higher rate of inflation for next year, but were really not ready to give guidance on 2017 just yet. We are seeing cost increases that are quite well publicized in a couple of key raw materials, vanilla and garlic. But we also anticipate that were going to be able to take pricing actions that will -- between pricing action and CCI, well be up to mitigate those costs.  What were really talking about in the fourth quarter is that some of the pricing actions that we took were against raw material cost increases that occurred in the market but where we may have had some strategic positions. And so as the cost of those materials as they flow through, begin to catch up with the price increases the margin improvement that weve been experiencing will begin to narrow.  Mike do you want to comment?
Mike Smith: No, weve seen this trend coming and weve taken pricing actions for things like vanilla this year in the U.S. a couple of times; in China were taking the garlic action right now. So weve been ahead of the curve here and were monitoring very closely, but through pricing and CCI upping the level there we feel comfortable well cover the costs going into next year. Well provide more guidance in our January earnings call.
David Driscoll: Thank you so much. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. Please go ahead with your question.
Ken Goldman: Hi good morning and thanks for the questions. 
Lawrence Kurzius: Good morning, Ken. 
Ken Goldman: Just one follow-up as you guys think about the gross margin growth into 4Q, I think you talked about it decelerating, you mentioned garlic and vanilla. Are there any headwinds we should be thinking about as we model the fourth quarter's gross margin or is it really that that you're focused on and you want us to focus on as we think about our models?
Lawrence Kurzius: Well in terms of gross margin those are the really I'd say those are the right things to be focused on. I want to be clear that we're talking about lower rate of margin improvement. So we're not talking about a margin decline.  The other thing though as that reads through to EPS that's actually the minority of the, kind of the -- what Ill call the gap between our beat in third quarter and the amount that we're raising our guidance by. The larger impact items is that we are expecting more FX impact particularly on our JV income. That's below the operating profit line that comes through on the unconsolidated line. The big part of that JV income is from a joint venture in Mexico. Weve seen substantial softening in the peso and just so, while theyre having great results, the translations of those great results back into U.S. dollars is less than we had anticipated when we had our last call. The other major factor is just the lower rate of share repurchase. As you know we curtail our share repurchases when we have an acquisition between actually completed acquisition activity and for activity around deals that we did not complete there was a curtailment of share repurchase and we end up -- it looks like our share repurchases are going to be more closer to 1% than 2% and that's a substantial factor also. Mike you want to?
Mike Smith: Yeah, I think the other factor we talked about the material cost rising during the year. And the industrial business had a great third quarter, real good mix, we had strong branded food service business, which is high margin for us. And the timing of some of those promotions and some of our customers were basically the same with fourth quarter. For the full year we're very happy with performance, but I wouldn't expect them to grow at the 23% adjusted operating income again in that fourth quarter.
Ken Goldman: Okay, that's helpful. One quick follow-up from me if I can. There was some comment and I may have misheard, I really asking for a clarification, about the relationship with raw material savings and CCI. Could you repeat that and let us know what you meant by that? Because I was hearing it, but I wasn't quite sure exactly what you were saying about whether raw material savings were included in how you calculate CCI and so forth. That would be helpful. 
Mike Smith: Definitely, when we renegotiate with vendors or have raw material savings, they are included in CCI. 
Ken Goldman: When Garlic prices go up or down you're talking about more active
Mike Smith: More active reformulations, vendor consolidations things like that with market moves [indiscernible].
Ken Goldman: Perfect, thank you so much. 
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from the line of Rob Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your questions.
Robert Moskow: Hi, thank you. Lawrence I think you said that your advertising efficiencies are helping you save about $5 million versus your prior expectations. And it sounds like you're dropping it to the bottom-line, but you're also keeping your operating income guidance for the year unchanged as far as I can tell. So is the $5 million in savings kind of offsetting some of this narrower gross margin trend that you're talking about in fourth quarter owing to costs and I think you also said timing of purchases of customers?
Lawrence Kurzius: No the change in the guidance on advertising really relates to being more efficient with digital and more efficient with our -- the non-working portion of advertising. We're running all of the programs that we intended to. We frankly to spend the $5 million wed have to waste it. A portion of that change in outlook actually is already captured in Q3. And so this is a change in guidance for the full year and not really specific to the fourth quarter.
Robert Moskow: Okay. I think my question then is that the $5 million benefitted third quarter you could have taken it to the year and raised your op income guidance for the year. But instead fourth quarter is going to be a little bit lower than at least what I thought -- what I had modeled. So is this is a comment about a more challenging gross margin environment in the fourth quarter than you thought? Or maybe there is a potential for upside in 4Q?
Mike Smith: No. Again, I know I point to the fourth quarter, I know youre talking about operating income specifically. Im thinking the whole P&L all the way down, but the three headwinds that we talked about, the FX impact, the lower share repurchases, summarize and raw material cost are really the factors that we want to overcome. Also, I got to say that we are a bit conservative when we look at guidance as we get to the fourth quarter, because its our largest quarter. October and November are our highest shipping months. One big order from one customer or one odd shipping day in the last week of the year can swing the number a bit. And so we tend to be careful on the guidance that we give that can be interpreted specific to fourth quarter.
Robert Moskow: Okay. 
Mike Smith: And to put in perspective our first half of the year, our adjusted operating income was up between 5% and 6%. We had a really good third quarter at 12% for a variety of reasons. And fourth quarter is about really our earnings per share so its a big quarter for us. So there is a lot of moving parts as Lawrence said.
Robert Moskow: Okay. Just one more question. You have rising cost garlic and vanilla. I was a little unclear, are you considering taking -- you are going to take more pricing, it sounded like you were proactive and already taking some pricing. When will U.S. customers be notified of the pricing? And how do you think the category will respond? You had issues with private label or just really more like lower cost brands couple of years ago. Do you need to expect everyone else to follow?
Lawrence Kurzius: Yeah I dont want to get too specific about the exact timing of pricing actions, but I know that we will be taking pricing action. And weve moved on vanilla twice already this year and expect that that will be one of the areas, where we go up. Vanilla in particular is in a situation where there is a worldwide shortage. We dont believe that any competitor the advantage versus McCormick in their -- in that particular commodity. And indeed, we believe that were actually in advantaged supply position compared to some of our competitors. Weve by customers have competitors, who are experiencing defaults and are having difficulty getting vanilla at any price. The raw material and the shortage of that raw material is going to dictate a higher price across the whole market. And were confident that we wont be moving alone.
Robert Moskow: Right. 
Mike Smith: The other thing through these category management tools, weve invested in over the past couple of years. Weve shown when we took the pricing action earlier this year in the U.S. our volume rate of share gain in volume was positive. So we grew volume while taking a price increase. So were doing our pricing much smarter than we used to. So we feel when we need to take pricing again, well do that with a minimal impact of volume.
Robert Moskow: Great, thank you so much. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Mario Contreras with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question. 
Mario Contreras: Hi, good morning. 
Lawrence Kurzius: Good morning, Mario. 
Mario Contreras: So I wanted to follow-up on the U.S. business. You mentioned that at least in terms of the scanner data, were seeing market share down, you attributed most of that to the shift to the gourmet organic product line. If we set that aside, can you comment on how some of your other key product lines were performing in terms of market share?
Lawrence Kurzius: If we set that aside, wed essentially be flat on market share. Earlier was the disruption at the shelf due to the transition from the kind of conventional spices that were in gourmet to the new organic spices that really cause -- that disruption really accounted for nearly all of the share gap. The -- what else I going to say about that, thats really, I mean thats really the whole story there Mario. Were pretty pleased with our progress overall. And that the gourmet was the one thing. I should add that it really wasn't a surprise when we had our call back -- last call back in June. We were in the middle of it we knew what was happening and we said on the call that this was going to happen and there would be some disruption at the shelf. I'm pretty encouraged that we'll have the work I'm pretty optimistic that we have completely work through it by the time the real holiday season starts. The shipments that we experienced on gourmet don't really line up with the consumption they were very strong at the end of the quarter as our customers were restocking their shelves. So I'm pretty encouraged throughout that. But again if I could just going back to your original question the scanner data it's really a story about gourmet. 
Mario Contreras: Okay, thanks for that color. One other question, if I could shift to China on the industrial business, you've mentioned recently that there was a partial loss from a customer that was diversifying. Has there been any progress in terms of sourcing that business to other customers or finding some ways to offset some of the deleverage that might have happened there? Thanks.
Lawrence Kurzius: Well we certainly have a broad customer base in China. And we continue to work to build our business with local Chinese based customers both on the restaurant food service side and on the consumer food manufacturer. But this is a very large customer, and so their diversification of their supply base is going to have an impact on our business. It's not something that can just be immediately made up. I expect that we will grow into it, but this customer had a problem with the supplier that put them in a bad business position. And they've made a strategic decision that they're not going to be sole sourced on anything. And in the products that we supply we were very close to the exclusive supplier. So as that customer diversifies its supplier base it does have an impact on us as well due to their strategy.
Mario Contreras: Okay, thank you very much. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Akshay Jagdale with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question. 
Lubi Kutua: Hi good morning this is actually Lubi filling in for Akshay. So you mentioned in your press release that your Kohinoor business in India saw better results this quarter versus last year. I'm just wondering if you can provide a bit more color on sort of what's driving that and how you expect trends in that business to develop over the course of the near future?
Lawrence Kurzius: Sure I'm just going to say a few words about it. Last year we exited a portion of the business that was very low margin and frankly exceptionally complicated. And so we were able to simplify the business, improve the margin and let this with a business that was smaller than it was. And I think that's what the nature of the comments and the script were. We are not going to elaborate a lot on Kohinoor just because it is so small relative to the rest of our business. The Kohinoor business is less than 1% it's approximately 0.5% of our business. And so we're just not going to get too specific comment on a business unit that is that size.
Mike Smith: Our strategy there longer term is to rollout more spices and seasonings and recipe mixes and that's still on track as we talked about in the past. So long-term this is a great market for us.
Lawrence Kurzius: And this is just one of three businesses that we have in India. The other two are on the unconsolidated line they're non-consolidated joint ventures.
Lubi Kutua: Okay, thank you. That's helpful. And then you mentioned in your prepared remarks that you guys are expecting a near-term slowdown in the rate of margin improvement. And I'm assuming that leads into fiscal '17 as well. Now I know you're not providing guidance for fiscal '17 yet, but are there any other sort of high level puts and takes that we should be thinking about that might impact the earnings growth for next year? Thank you.
Lawrence Kurzius: Were really going to give some pretty robust earnings guidance for 2017 on our January call as we always do, were in the middle of putting together budgets right now. So any guidance that we could give would be probably incomplete and too soon. We are giving some visibility that were experiencing an increase in the commodity costs on those two particular commodities and we expect our pricing actions to cover that increase. But I dont think were ready to give guidance on margins, other than to the extent that were talking about Q4 right now. 
Lubi Kutua: Thank you Ill pass it on.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] the next question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Andrew Lazar: Good morning, everybody.
Lawrence Kurzius: Good morning, Andrew. 
Andrew Lazar: I just wanted to make sure I understand what I should expect around the U.S. consumer business in the fourth quarter, is it that you have incremental visibility now that youve got a lot of this shelf reset worked its way through, is it that you have visibility to an acceleration in consumption in the fourth quarter or is it that the over shipment in 3Q could result in a bit of an under shipment in the fiscal fourth quarter?
Lawrence Kurzius: Sure, well first of all that over shipment that you just referred to is just on gourmet and it was really a restocking its actually making up an under shipment in Q2 and Q3, when we talk about this at the end of Q2 Andrew, I think we said that we had actually restrained our shipments on gourmet at the end of Q2 to manage the transition, we didnt wanted to get a lot of returns of the old product as we wanted to transition. So we were rationing it out a bit and then in Q3 there were some disruption at the shelf and it was really just a refilling of the shelves. And no I dont expect that were going to see a slowdown actually were quite encouraged by the strength of our holiday program in the U.S. business as we look into the holiday season. Were actually pretty optimistic that were going to have both strong shipments and strong consumption.
Andrew Lazar: Great, thanks for the
Lawrence Kurzius: Were going to go back on air with the purity campaign, we got a tremendous lift from that campaign when we ran it earlier this year. So our holiday advertising will include purity. When we ran that purity campaign we not only got an immediately lift from it, but we also increased our penetration with Millennials, which kind of builds the franchise for the long-term. I think that were feeling pretty good about Q4 in the U.S.
Andrew Lazar: Great, thats helpful clarification there. And then one just last one just more to check my memory, I could remember this incorrectly, but I remember years ago when there was vanilla issue I think coming out of Madagascar there might have been some efforts to try and expand or diversify the sourcing of vanilla into some other markets in growing regions I know its kind of hard to do and it takes time for that to develop. But whether it be areas like in Vietnam and others. I guess whatever became of that is it still happening, but its just not big enough to really make up the difference in terms of Madagascar sourcing or its more of curiosity on my part.
Lawrence Kurzius: Hey thats the advantage of having a long memory there Andrew. We did have a vanilla shortage back in 2003-2004 and 2005 and that its probably time I came to the company so some of this when happened then is old lore for me. But subsequently there was quite a big market decline and many of the sources dried up due to market pricing and we are ourselves working actively to develop the growth of vanilla in a number of regions of the world then including a pilot operation that we have to grow our own. But those are efforts that will take a little bit of time to bring on stream and right now 85% of the worlds vanilla comes from Madagascar and thats where the shortages. A lot of the changes not so much around supply, but around demand as consumers want to move to more natural flavors there is a shift in the market demand away from artificial vanilla and vanillin to being able to label the product straight up vanilla or vanilla bean. So there we do have an effort underway to develop those alternate sources. Again, Ill just emphasize that, we believe that nobody has an advantage position right now in the market versus us. And we know just from the customer enquiries that were getting, that in fact, we currently have an advantage position versus a number of our competitors.
Andrew Lazar: Great, thank you very much. 
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I will turn the floor back to Lawrence Kurzius for closing remarks. 
Lawrence Kurzius: Well, Id like to thank everyone for your questions and for participating on todays call. Through our growth strategies and our people, our experienced leaders and engaged employees were driving strong performance at McCormick. Were executing on a strategy design to build long-term value for our shareholders, and we look forward to reporting to you on our continued progress.
Joyce Brooks: Thanks, Lawrence and thanks to everyone for joining us today. If you have any further questions regarding todays information, please give us a call at 410-771-7244. That concludes this mornings conference.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-06-30 11:45:00) =====
Executives: Joyce Brooks - Vice President, Investor Relations Lawrence Kurzius - President and Chief Executive Officer Gordon Stetz - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Mike Smith - Senior Vice President, Corporate Finance
Analysts: David Driscoll - Citigroup Akshay Jagdale - Jefferies Alexia Howard - Bernstein Tom Palmer - JPMorgan Chris Growe - Stifel Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research Brett Hundley - BB&T Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Mario Contreras - Deutsche Bank Erin Lash - Morningstar
Presentation:
Joyce Brooks: Good morning. This is Joyce Brooks, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you for joining todays call for a discussion of McCormicks Second Quarter Financial Results and our Current Outlook for 2016. To accompany this call, we have posted a set of slides at ir.mccormick.com. [Operator Instructions] With me this morning are Lawrence Kurzius, President and CEO; Gordon Stetz, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Mike Smith, Senior Vice President, Corporate Finance. During our remarks, we will refer to non-GAAP financial measures. These include adjusted operating income and adjusted earnings per share that exclude the impact of special charges as well as information in constant currency. Reconciliations to the GAAP results are included in this mornings press release and slides. As a reminder, todays presentation contains projections and other forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from those projected. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or other factors. As seen on Slide 2, our forward-looking statement also provides information on risk factors that could affect our financial results. Its now my pleasure to turn the discussion over to Lawrence.
Lawrence Kurzius: Thank you, Joyce and good morning everyone. Thanks for joining us. McCormicks second quarter results continued the momentum we saw in the first quarter of 2016. We are driving this performance with our growth strategies and our people, but thanks to McCormick employees around the world for their effort and engagement for their first half financial results and business momentum. Together, we have greater confidence in our financial outlook for fiscal year 2016. The strong results this quarter started at the top line. In constant currency, we grew sales 6% for the total company. And the increase in our consumer segment sales was particularly strong with an 8% increase. Contributing factors were three acquisitions completed in the last 12 months along with growth in our base business and new products, our three drivers of long-term sales growth. Based on these results, we reaffirm our fiscal year outlook for a 4% to 6% sales increase in constant currency and with he recent acquisition of Gourmet Gardens have greater confidence in the upper end of this range. We saw sequential improvement in gross profit margin with a gain of 130 basis points following a 70 basis point increase in the first quarter. This improvement was led by our Comprehensive Continuous Improvement program, CCI, and we had a benefit this period from favorable business mix, including strong sales in our core U.S. consumer business. As a result, we are now tracking toward the higher end of our fiscal year projection for gross profit margin improvement. Back in February, we set a goal to achieve $400 million of cost savings over the next 4 years. At about 2% of sales, this is an ambitious target, but one that is backed by increased resources under Mike Smiths leadership. Importantly, we are taking a deliberate approach so that we do not disrupt the great progress underway with our top line growth strategies. Through the first half of 2016, we are off to a great start with this work and are increasing our fiscal year 2016 projection to a range of $100 million to $110 million. This is our fuel for growth as demonstrated by our second quarter investment in brand marketing, which we increased 16% or $10 million from the year ago period. As a further investment, we funded $5 million of increased incremental spending in the second quarter in support of our acquisition activity, a key element of our growth strategy. Even with the incremental spending to drive growth, we increased constant currency adjusted operating income 7% led by the higher sales and gross profit margin. Year-to-date, this puts us at a 9% constant currency increase, which is within our fiscal year 9% to 11% objective. At the bottom line adjusted earnings per share of $0.75 was comparable to the year ago period. We had a strong increase in adjusted operating income although this was offset by a higher tax rate. Keep in mind that this year-to-year comparison of adjusted earnings per share for the second quarter includes the unfavorable impact of foreign currency exchange rates. For the fiscal year 2016, we reaffirm our outlook for adjusted earnings per share of $3.68 to $3.75 and have more confidence in achieving the upper end of this range based on our financial performance through the first half and our projections for the next two quarters. On Slide 5, we have summarized our fiscal year 2016 guidance in constant currency, which is at or above our long-term outlook. In his remarks, Gordon will provide some additional insight into the quarter and into our outlook. I would like to turn next to some business updates with a focus this morning on the steady improvement on our U.S. consumer business, our great new product lineup for the second half, highlights of other parts of our business and comments on our acquisition activity and outlook. For our U.S. consumer business, category growth for spices and seasonings continues to be strong, reaching an 8% year-on-year increase in the latest quarter. Two-thirds of this increase was higher volume and we believe this is being driven by new product launches, such as our herb grinders, brand marketing support and the recent dietary guideline news. A lot of the growth is in those herbs and spices that are pantry staples. During this same period, retail sales of McCormick brand spices and seasonings rose 7% year-on-year. As the graph on Slide 6 shows, this continues our trajectory of sequential increase and compares to a 5% increase in the first quarter consumption data. Across all of our spice and seasoning brands, not only McCormick, but niche brands like Lawrys, Old Bay and El Guapo, our share performance continued to improve. We were down just 10 basis points, so almost even in this latest period. When Gourmet Garden is included, our share is up 20 basis points, again, a sequential improvement from the first quarter. The information on Slide 6 is based on retail dollar sales for spices and seasonings. As noted on Slide 7, on a unit basis, second quarter retail sales grew 6% for the category and 7% for McCormick brand spices and seasonings. There are three key messages here. First, we gained category share on a unit basis. Second, the McCormick brand is helping drive the unit category increase. And third, this is evidence that certain retailers are implementing our recommendations to lower retail price points on the McCormick brand. As for the recipe mix category, retail dollar sales of our McCormick brand recipe mixes were up 3% and we gained 10 basis points of category share. We are driving this great performance by our actions to win at retail, build our brand equity, and accelerate innovation. Win at retail we have been increasing our investment in category management tools, resources and capabilities. We are pleased with our progress and continue to build our capabilities. We are getting great feedback from our customers. They have commented that McCormick has really stepped up its game and is having a more thorough conversation on the category. Part of our category management work is focused on retail price points. At retail customers who have partnered with us on pricing recommendations, the year-to-date dollar share from McCormick brand spices and seasonings is up 120 basis points versus a 70 basis point decrease with the remaining U.S. food retailers. The good news is that this increase in share for McCormick brand is typically a profitable mood for both us and our customers. As I indicated, we had a significant increase in brand marketing this quarter and about half of the increase was in the U.S. This included marketing support for our Pure Tastes Better campaign, the launch of our herb grinders, Hispanic advertising and digital marketing for Grill Mates as we headed into the Memorial Day and peak grilling season. We are also getting good traction with our product innovation and in January showed you our plans for the first half of 2016. Lets take a look ahead at the second half lineup for our U.S. consumer business. We are poised to launch a number of new products for consumers in this market, as seen on Slide 8. These include flavored black pepper, five different tastes for McCormicks iconic black pepper, from mild and smoky to tangy and hot; organic recipe mixes for convenient flavorful weeknight dinners; organic kitchen basics stocks and a new bone broth to add protein to your diet. Within our gourmet line, we are launching signature Asian flavors inspired by our flavor forecast that include Japanese 7 Spice and Korean-Style Red Pepper and pairings of helpful ingredients like chia, flax and matcha with spices and herbs, and a line of Lawrys brand Casero blends that deliver authentic Mexican and Latino taste. We are also re-launching our entire produce partners line with new packaging. These products, like great guacamole and salsa seasoning, are merchandised right in the high traffic produce department. We also have an exciting lineup for markets outside of the U.S. In the Americas region, Canada is targeting millennial consumers with limited edition recipe mixes and flavors like Sriracha buffalo wing and Peruvian roast chicken, and extending their line of produce partner blends. Our team in Central America is introducing a line of 5 new cooking sauces. In Europe, Middle East and Africa, EMEA, our goal is to lead the development and growth of the barbecue category. And our latest product introduction is the line of the burger seasoning mixes in the UK. Across a number of countries in this region, we are getting distribution for our herb grinders and have a new television ad ready to drive consumer awareness. And in France, we are continuing a steady stream of innovation for our Vahin dessert brand with new decorating items and new packaging features. Moving to our Asia-Pacific region, we are extending our recipe mixes in China. These products help consumers to create hot and spicy Szechuan dishes and experience flavors from around the world like lemon curry roasted chicken wings and Brazilian barbecue seasoning. Part of our Wuhan Asia-Pacific condiment economy business in China, we are introducing cooking line and vinegar. And then in Australia, our iconic Airplane brand has a commanding lead in gelatin and we have been stretching the branch to other desert categories. Our latest plans are to launch Airplane liquid shake mixes. While we do not get too specific with our industrial product development, McCormick is well positioned for innovation with our certification as global supplier for an increasing number of our large customers. Our range of flavor solutions for these customers is one of the broadest in the industry as evidenced by recent product development work for snack chip seasonings, cracker seasonings, beverage flavors, ice cream toppings, sandwich sauces and burger seasonings. Lets turn next to our performance and outlook for some other parts of our business and we will start with China. China is our second largest market after the U.S. We have been in this market for more than 25 years, made a very successful acquisition in 2013 and are excited about our prospects for growth. For our consumer business, we grew constant currency sales through the first half by 8% with new products, expanded distribution and brand marketing. There has been some fluctuation in sales growth by quarter due to shifts in timing related to promotional activity as well as the timing of shipments related to a successful implantation of SAP in our central China operation. Our consumer business in this market remains solid and we continue to expect good growth in 2016 and beyond. For our Industrial segment, year-to-date constant currency sales in China were up 8% with higher volume and product mix. We anticipate some sales pressure in the second half as a large customer will be diversifying their supply chain by adding a second supplier for some core items that McCormick supplies. Based on our current pace of growth and latest outlook across both our consumer and industrial businesses in China, we expect our success in this market to continue with fiscal year 2016 constant currency sales growing at a mid to high single-digit range. As for the industrial business in the Americas, we are delivering strong sales of branded foodservice products along with new product wins for snack seasonings, beverage flavors and burger seasonings. On the innovation front, we are in a great position as we see accelerated moves by our customers towards no process flavors and non-GMO ingredients. We are making inroads with some additional restaurant chains. And Brand Aromatics, acquired just over a year ago is ahead of plan in both sales and profit. Together, these successes are driving not only top line growth but higher profit margins with a more favorable mix. In EMEA, or industrial sales slowed this quarter as we lapse some of the new distribution wins that drove a portion of our sales growth in 2015, but we are still encouraged by our innovation pipeline and the geographic expansion of our customers in this region. We also had weak sales for joint venture in South Africa that we plan to exit by year end. Our consumer business sales in EMEA benefited from a roughly 50% increase in brand marketing in the second quarter. Excluding acquisitions and on a constant currency basis, we grew volume and product mix 3% versus the year ago quarter, which strengthened our largest market France and a double digit increase in both Poland and Russia that was driven in part by expanded distribution. The last update I wanted to provide was on our acquisition activity and outlook. During the second quarter, we were pleased to announce our purchase of Botanical Food Company in Australia, which manufactures and sells the Gourmet Garden brand. Gourmet Garden is a global market leader in on trend chilled, convenient packaged herbs, exporting products for our manufacturing location in Australia to 15 other countries, with the largest being the U.S. Annual sales are more than $50 million and the purchase price for this high growth business was a 12x multiple of EBITDA. We anticipate continued double digit sales growth for these products that offer consumers a convenient flavor alternatives to fresh herbs. Importantly, these closer to fresh products are shelved with produce and allow us to participate in this highly traffic perimeter department. Going forward, we have a robust pipeline of acquisition opportunities. These include assets where flavor and health intersect to extend our current footprint with healthy flavors and great brands. Value added higher margin industrial assets, acquisitions that build scale, where we currently have a presence and developed in emerging markets and in size, both large assets as well as smaller bolt-on opportunities. Our pursuit of Premier Foods earlier this year demonstrates our interest in larger businesses that fit with our growth strategy and I hope that our ultimate decision not to make a firm offer also showed investors that McCormick remains financially disciplined in its use of cash. To summarize my remarks, we are well positioned as a global leader in flavor and are driving strong momentum with our growth strategy. We achieved great results through the first half and have increased confidence in delivering the higher end of our 2016 financial outlook. Now, before I turn it over to Gordon, we announced yesterday Gordons decision to retire at the end of this year. Gordon has been an exceptional leader at McCormick. During his 28 years with the company, he has built a world class finance team that under his leadership has helped deliver exceptional returns for our shareholders. His strategic leadership focused on value creation have been instrumental in driving our successful acquisition agenda, expanding our shared services around the world and managing our cost and cash, including the establishment of our CCI program. Gordon is the embodiment of McCormick values and teamwork and will truly be missed by me and employees throughout the organization. Gordon, congratulations on your successful career, all of your achievements and your upcoming retirement.
Gordon Stetz: Thanks very much for those remarks, Lawrence. Joining McCormick 28 years ago was one of the best decisions I have ever made. This is a great company. Its only gotten better during my time here. During my years at the company, we developed our focus on flavor and led to terrific growth opportunities and strong shareholder return. We improved our productivity, generating our fuel for growth. I am so proud of our teams in finance, shared services and information technology and appreciate all of their efforts. I truly feel blessed I have had such a talented team. My decision to retire at this time is based in part on Mikes readiness to move into this role and my confidence that Lawrence, Mike and the rest of our leadership team have the energy and vision to create a bright future for McCormick shareholders and employees. This is the right team to manage the challenges of an increasingly complex world and capture the great opportunities that are ahead for this company. For those on the call, I value the opportunity to build relationships and provide insight into our business. You have been generous in sharing your views of our business and your knowledge of the food industry and I thank you all greatly for that.
Lawrence Kurzius: Thanks Gordon. You are with us through December so dont say too many goodbyes just yet. In the same announcement, Mike Smith was named Executive Vice President and CFO effective September 1. Mike will serve on our management committee and assume Gordons responsibilities, which include oversight of the companys global finance organization as well as McCormicks shared services and information technology. Mike brings to this role a deep knowledge of the company and experience as a finance leader in both corporate and operational roles, including those in North America and in our EMEA region and across both Consumer and Industrial segments. In each of these roles, he has been a  he has a proven track record of creating value and growth. He is actively driving our positivity improvement and led the work behind McCormicks recently announced goal to reduce $400 million of costs over the next 4 years to create fuel for growth. Mike, congratulations on this promotion, I look forward to working with you in this new role.
Mike Smith: Thank you, Lawrence. I am excited about serving as CFO of McCormick and the opportunity together with McCormicks leaders and employees throughout the company to drive our growth and performance. Its been great to work closely with Gordon and the entire management committee for the past year to prepare for this new role. Gordon, I wanted thank you in particular, for your mentorship and offer my congratulations. Over the past few years, I have gotten to meet a number of the analysts and investors who follow McCormick and look forward to continuing to build these relationships and your knowledge of our business.
Gordon Stetz: Mike, let me add my congratulations. And for those on the call, in addition to Lawrences remarks, I want to express my supreme confidence in Mikes leadership and role as new CFO. I have had the privilege of working with him for many years and has watched him, his career progress and witnessed his strong financial leadership and ability to drive results. So congratulations to you, Mike. Now lets get back to our latest financial results. As Lawrence indicated, we are pleased with our second quarter results and have good momentum heading into the second half of 2016. I will provide some additional remarks and insights on our second quarter results followed by the details of our current 2016 financial outlook. On a constant currency basis, we grew sales 6%. Acquisitions, higher volume and product mix and pricing taken in response to higher material costs each contributed to the increase, as seen on Slide 14. The growth this quarter was led by our consumer segment. On Slide 15, consumer segment sales in the Americas rose 6% in constant currency with about half of the increase from acquisitions, both Stubbs and Gourmet Garden. The balance of sales growth this period was led by strong performance in our U.S. sales of McCormick brand spices and herbs, recipe mixes, our Lawrys brand and Simply Asia products. These were offset in part by a lower rate of growth in our sales of private label and economy brands. Also, volume and mix declined in Canada as consumers adjust to some significant price increases related in part to currency pressure. In EMEA, we had another quarter of robust sales, up 20% in constant currency. This increase was driven by our year ago acquisition of Drogheria & Alimentari, which added 14 percentage points to the sales growth. We also expanded distribution of our products in Poland and Russia and delivered a strong performance in France with new products in brand marketing. Consumer sales in the Asia-Pacific region were up just slightly in constant currency. Sales from Gourmet Garden added 3 percentage points of growth. In China, as Lawrence noted, sales growth moderated in the second quarter due to the timing of customer purchases related to promotions and the successful implementation of SAP in our Wuhan facility. Year-to-date, we have grown consumer sales in China at a high single-digit rate on a constant currency basis and we expect to return to a higher growth rate in the third quarter versus the second quarter. Lowering our second quarter sales in this region was a decline in India resulting from our decision to discontinue certain low margin products. This action in India lowered our second quarter sales growth rate in the region by 6 percentage points. For the consumer segment in total, we grew adjusted operating income 7% to $86 million. In constant currency, adjusted operating income rose 8% from the year ago period with the impact of sales growth and cost savings more than offsetting an $8 million increase in brand marketing, a $5 million increase in acquisition-related expenses and higher material costs. Turning to our industrial segment in Slide 19, we had solid results this quarter in both sales and profit, although this was a moderation from the first quarter which included an incremental impact from Brand Aromatics. We grew industrial sales in the Americas 2% in constant currency. We increased U.S. sales of branded foodservice products and gained some new distribution with restaurant customers. In both the U.S. and Mexico, sales volume and product mix for snack seasonings were strong although pricing was down due in part to lower cost for dairy ingredients. In Canada, we pass through higher material costs to our customers with higher pricing, but this was offset by some volume weakness for industrial products in that market. While we have had a long run of excellent performance from our industrial business in EMEA, this quarter, we lapped some of the new distribution gained in 2015. As a result, the sales growth rate moderated to a slight increase in constant currency. Also affecting industrial sales in this region was sales weakness in a small consolidated joint venture based in South Africa that we plan to exit by year end. We grew industrial segment sales in the Asia-Pacific region 9% in constant currency. The main driver was higher sales to quick service restaurants in the region mainly from our operation in China. As Lawrence indicated, we expect industrial sales pressure in the second half of 2016 in this market. Adjusted operating income for the industrial segment ended the quarter up 1% at $43 million. In constant currency, the growth was 5% driven by higher sales and our cost savings offset in part by higher material costs and a $2 million increase in brand marketing to drive our branded foodservice business. Adjusted operating income margin for this segment in the second quarter reached 10.1%. Across both segments, adjusted operating income which excludes special charges rose 5% in the second quarter from the year ago period. If we also exclude the impact of unfavorable currency, we grew adjusted operating income by 7%. This is below our 9% to 11% goal for the fiscal year, but includes the higher brand marketing and acquisition-related costs. Year-to-date, the increase in adjusted operating income in constant currency is 9% as Lawrence indicated. We increased gross profit margin 130 basis points year-on-year to 40.7% in the second quarter of 2016. This improvement was the result of cost savings from our CCI and organization and streamlining actions, favorable mix and pricing actions taken to offset a moderate level of cost inflation. Our selling, general and administrative expense as a percentage of net sales was up year-on-year by 110 basis points from the second quarter of 2015. The increases in brand marketing and acquisition cost as a percentage of net sales were 140 basis points more than accounting for the 110 basis point increase. Below the operating income line, the tax rate on a GAAP basis this quarter was 23.1% compared to a very low 15.9% in the year ago period. Both periods were favorably impacted by discrete tax items. The second quarter 2016 tax rate of 23.1% was one of the reasons why the second quarter adjusted earnings per share came in ahead of the guidance we shared with you back in March. Given this result and absent additional discrete tax items for the remainder of the year, we are now estimating a fiscal year 2016 tax rate in the range of 27% to 28%. Despite unfavorable currency, income from unconsolidated operations rose 4% to $8 million. Our largest joint venture, McCormick to Mexico, is performing well with sales in constant currency up 7% year-to-date although profit for this business was unfavorably impacted by higher material costs, especially the currency impact on soybean oil purchases. For the fiscal year, we expect income from unconsolidated operations to be down about 10%. At the bottom line, second quarter 2016 adjusted earnings per share was $0.75. This was comparable to the year ago period with the impact of higher adjusted operating income offset by the higher tax rate. Keep in mind that this year-to-year comparison includes the unfavorable impact from currency on both consolidated and unconsolidated income. On Slide 28, we have summarized highlights for cash flow and the quarter end balance sheet. Through the first half of 2016, cash flow from operations was $213 million compared to $186 million in the year ago period mainly due to the increase in net income. We returned $210 million of cash to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases and used $55 million for capital expenditures. At the end of the second quarter, $469 million remained on the current $600 million share repurchase authorization. Our balance sheet remains sound. We are generating strong cash flow and we are well positioned to continue funding investments to drive our growth strategy. Lets move now to our current financial outlook for 2016. Our strong outlook for the year is unchanged. In fact, we have greater confidence in achieving the upper end of our sales growth and earnings per share ranges. At the top line, we reaffirm our plan to grow sales 1% to 3% on a reported basis and 4% to 6% in constant currency with higher pricing adding 1% to 2% of the increase. And with the addition of Gourmet Garden, we now expect acquisitions to add 2% to 3%. We expect this latest acquisition and our year-to-date performance to place us at the higher end of our 4% to 6% constant currency sales growth range. We continue to expect a 9% to 11% constant currency increase in adjusted operating income from $614 million of adjusted operating income in 2015. Currency is expected to lower this range by 3 percentage points. We plan to drive our growth with higher sales and our stepped up cost savings target of $100 million to $110 million. With this fuel for growth, we expect to increase brand marketing approximately $20 million consistent with our initial plans. Our guidance range for adjusted earnings per share remains $3.68 to $3.75. Excluding the estimated 3 percentage point impact of unfavorable currency rates, this range is an increase of 9% to 11% from adjusted earnings per share of $3.48 in 2015. With our year-to-date results and outlook for the second half, we have more confidence in achieving the higher end of this range. Regarding last weeks referendum outcome on Brexit, the immediate impact to our business will be currency rates. Early this week, we reevaluated our guidance and determined that a 3% impact from currency is our best estimate at this point in time. Any longer term impact on our business will depend in part on the outcome of tariff, trade and regulatory negotiations. As a point of reference, our sales in the UK were 8% of total company sales in fiscal 2015. As a final remark on our outlook, we are on track for another year of strong cash flow for fiscal year 2016 with higher adjusted net income and actions underway to improve our working capital. That completes my remarks. So lets turn now to your questions.
Operator: Thank you. At this time we will be conducting question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from the line of David Driscoll with Citigroup. Please proceed with your questions.
David Driscoll: Great. Thank you and good morning.
Lawrence Kurzius: Good morning David.
David Driscoll: I wanted to ask about the U.S. consumer performance, the Nielsen data has been just so strong, you mentioned it in your prepared comments, I think the sales in the segment were up like 3%, were you under shipping or anything like that relative to the number kind of  and I know there is more things than just spices in there, but that number just seems so strong, perhaps I thought we might even see a stronger number in the quarter, but I dont know if there is a delay in shipment timing?
Lawrence Kurzius: Hey David. Thanks and its great to hear from you this morning. First of all, I will just start by saying we are very pleased with the results in our U.S. consumer business. We are quite pleased with the shipments. We are even more pleased with the continued improvement in the off-take information and this continued sequential improvement in our performance versus the category. I know that there has been a lot of questions both from the U.S. and from others who are listening on the call about exactly when our share will turn positive and we keep saying that we are going to get there and I believe that this is evidence that thats true. As we noted on the call, our sales increase for the U.S. consumer business includes more than just the McCormick brand. In our business, we also have economy brands and private label and the growth of the economy brands and private label were both lower than our sales of  growth in our sales of branded products. And so that is a contributing factor to the difference versus  in our shipments versus the off-take data for our brand. Thats a mix shift that has also help lift our profit margin, obviously. The second thing is that we are going through some major transitions on a couple of our product lines within herbs and spices. And in some cases, we have limited shipments to keep from having inventory of old packaging on the shelf as we go through that transition. That particularly affected the transition of our gourmet business to organic. The timing of Memorial Day also may have pushed some of our barbecue and grilling product sales into Q3. Memorial Day is a week later. Its on the calendar. Its on the 30 this year. It was almost the last possible day that it could be. And so we believe that that probably influenced the start of grilling. We know thats the case with a couple of particular customers. But that wasnt a surprise to us. We knew what the calendar look like and so that was already reflected in our thinking about both Q2 and about Q3. And then finally, in Canada, the Americas number that we reported and just for the U.S. and that includes Canada and a small Latin American operation. In Canada, we took a lot of pricing in this time period, due to the  in part, to recover the transaction cost of currency. And this has had an impact on the volume growth in that market. Gordon, Mike, do you want to comment on this any further?
Gordon Stetz: No, I think you covered it very well.
David Driscoll: Gordon, can I just think one other one and I just wanted to hear your thoughts on the pacing of input cost inflation and for the remainder of the year and then if you might just be able to give us any insight as to how it would progress beyond that, spices are very difficult for us to understand, how the input costs might change?
Gordon Stetz: We are still expecting this year to be low single-digits. And I wouldnt  low single-digit inflation on our input costs. And I would expect any material change quarter-to-quarter on that. So you may get some noise but generally, its pretty consistent. In terms of next year, we are in the midst of strategic plans and looking into our budgets so that we are still developing and as a result, we will be providing that guidance, as we always do in the beginning of next year. So we are still pulling all that together and looking all the puts and takes there.
David Driscoll: Okay. Thank you.
Joyce Brooks: Thanks David.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Akshay Jagdale of Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Akshay Jagdale: Good morning.
Lawrence Kurzius: Good morning.
Joyce Brooks: Hi.
Akshay Jagdale: Hi, I just wanted to follow-up on the U.S. business, can you elaborate a little bit on the economy brands and private label, I mean I dont recall that being a call out anytime in recent history, is that  am I remembering that correctly and was that planned, is really the first question. And then, how long should we expect that to continue, so in other words, how long should we expect the  there to be sort of a gap between the Nielsen data and what you are reporting in your U.S. consumer business?
Lawrence Kurzius: Sure, Akshay. Well, first of all, regarding the gap and off-take versus shipments, thats  obviously, its not something that is sustainable. We always expect that shipments will ultimately reflect consumption. So this gives us a good bit of optimism about the course of our branded business. We are not particularly calling out economy and private label, but we have talked about certain control brands that major retailers have that they put emphasis, promotional emphasis on in the past. We are lapping that. That was a year ago. A major retailer took a very strong promotional stance on a very low priced economy brand, control brand that we manufacture for them. And that has really run its course. And I think thats whats coming through and maybe some softer shipments on economy and private label. I will say this is, that that change in mix is quite positive for us.
Akshay Jagdale: And should we expect that to continue for  I mean, on a quarterly basis, obviously you lapped it, but was this is something only to content for in this quarter or should we expect the same sort of trends going forward?
Gordon Stetz: Our expectation is, as Lawrence indicated in his opening remarks, is that we will start to see the trends, start to migrate closer to the actual consumer take away numbers. We are starting to anniversary some of that heavy promotional activity from that customer. So these should start to become more in line as we go forward.
Akshay Jagdale: Okay. Congrats Gordon and also Mike.
Gordon Stetz: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Alexia Howard with Bernstein. Please proceed with your question.
Alexia Howard: Good morning everyone.
Lawrence Kurzius: Good morning Alexia.
Alexia Howard: So first of all Gordon, its been great working with you. Sorry to see you go but wishing you all the best for the future and Mike, really looking forward to working with you going forward. Couple of questions, first of all, on margin goals, I just wanted to ask or make the observation that a number of other companies in this space have gone beyond just laying out, this is the $400 million of costs we are planning to get at as you have and actually gone on to set explicit operating margin goals over the next 2 years or 3 years, just wondering if thats something you have on the radar screen and whether you would consider that. And then as a follow-up question, coming back to the U.S. consumer business, it seems as though the regular spices and herbs are doing very, very well, very aligned with cooking from scratch, definitely on a roll, it seems as though the seasoning mixes, the recipe mixes are a bit slower. Do you have a view as to why that might be? You made a loss of the GMO-free statures of a lot of the regular herbs last quarter. Are people worried about some of the additives in those recipe mixes? I mean is that something you can address? Thank you and I will pass it on.
Mike Smith: Hey Alexia, its Mike. I will talk about the margin goals first and I do look forward to working with you. The margin goals, if you look at our guidance, our external guidance right now, 4% to 6% net sales growth, adjusted operating profit growth of 7% to 9%, we do have implicit in there, margin growth of about 40 basis points if you look at the middle of the range. We do think about that sometimes, but at this point, we felt very comfortable with putting up the $1 target, seeing how we progress against that and something we may consider in the future, but we feel good with our long-term guidance there.
Lawrence Kurzius: And I will take the recipe mixes. Alexia, in the year ago period, we had some really strong performance. There was a product recall of an ingredient that was in a lot of our competitors products that did not impact McCormick. And so we had a bit of an advantage at the shelf for a period and we have certainly lapped that. We are quite optimistic actually about the outlook for our recipe mixes for the rest of the year. We are launching our organic recipe mixes this quarter. We think that those are going to be a significant increment to our business. We have shown that recipe mixes are quite responsive to innovation. A big part of the improvement that we have had in this business has been the launch of recipe mixes, such as the non-GMO  sorry, not non-GMO, the gluten-free recipe mixes and we have got a great incremental response to that and we expect the same for the organic recipe mixes.
Alexia Howard: Great, thank you very much. And I will pass it on.
Joyce Brooks: Thank you.
Lawrence Kurzius: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your questions.
Tom Palmer: Good morning. Its Tom Palmer on for Ken. Thanks for taking my questions.
Joyce Brooks: Hey, Tom.
Lawrence Kurzius: Hey, Tom. Good morning.
Tom Palmer: From an innovation standpoint, where are we with the rollout of non-GMO and organic products? Are you still on track to reach targets of 70% non-GMO by late this year or 80% gourmet line organic? And maybe you could comment on customer reception and maybe the incremental pricing power you are seeing in these products. So, when you add the non-GMO label to spices, are you able to drive a little bit of incremental margin?
Lawrence Kurzius: Hey, Tom. I am glad to give an update on that and probably we should have built that into our prepared remarks. First of all, on the conversion of our gourmet to organic, that is continuing on pace. We set a goal of having 80% of our gourmet sales organic by the end of the year. We still expect to achieve that. I will say that the conversion of organic has been more challenging for us than perhaps we anticipated. The supply chain and the kind of quality controls that we insist on in terms of product supply has been harder for us to develop. Its just a less mature supply chain out there. And we have gotten such a lift from the conversion to organic that the volume has been higher than we initially anticipated, which has slowed the transition just because its just that much more pressure on an immature supply chain. For the non-GMO conversion, that really was more about us calling out what we already do. And so that one has gone quite a pace and actually I would characterize that one as really running ahead of  little bit ahead of pace, little bit ahead of the pace that we had anticipated. We are not really looking at either one of these as opportunities to take more pricing. Both of these moves were done to give greater transparency to the consumer, to continue to differentiate McCormick versus competition, to frankly take credit for all that we do in terms of quality and purity of product, much in line with the communication we are giving to consumers in our purity advertising campaign. We also did this in part to take away some of the reason for being for other competitive brands and some of the smaller brands in the store have gotten in because they have made claims like this and we wanted to take away the reason for being for those smaller brands as well as we thought to rebuild our share position. Gordon and Mike, you want to comment on this?
Mike Smith: I think your pricing question, I mean some of these organic supplies do cost a little bit more, but we consider that when we did our U.S. consumer pricing increase this year, our surgical pricing, so we have that covered.
Tom Palmer: Okay, thank you for the detail. And just a quick modeling question you highlighted $5 million in acquisition-related costs on a year-over-year assuming no additional M&A activity, would this cost be non-recurring starting in the third quarter or might we anticipate some carryover?
Gordon Stetz: Yes. I mean, this cost as we have said in the remarks is specifically attached to the activity we had around the Premier Foods that we were approaching. So, obviously that doesnt occur every quarter. And to the extent that we dont have that size or that type of an activity, we would not expect that to recur. We always have pipeline activity and year-to-year, those costs are fairly similar. You know we closed the Gourmet Garden activity in the second quarter, we had cost associated with that. But we also had cost in the prior year. So, the $5 million incremental is something that I would characterize as somewhat unique given the nature of that deal and the size of that deal.
Tom Palmer: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Chris Growe with Stifel. Please proceed with your questions.
Chris Growe: Hi, good morning.
Lawrence Kurzius: Good morning, Chris.
Chris Growe: Good morning. I just wanted to ask two questions, if I could. The first one would be that you are calling out more CCI cost savings and as we think about sort of outlets for that incremental cost savings, one of the obvious ones is marketing. With marketing, you are kind of keeping in place. So, a nice increase for the year, but you havent raised those expectations. I was just trying to think about how those incremental savings benefit you. Are you reinvesting those in some way? Are they going to help  could they help provide stronger EPS growth? How should we think about those incremental savings coming through?
Gordon Stetz: Well, I think, this is Gordon, Chris, I think certainly part of our confidence in indicating the upper end of our range is in both gross margin and the EPS is a function of our confidence in seeing these CCI benefits come through. They partially gone to absorb the incremental acquisition cost that I just described. We talked about $5 million in the first quarter  I mean in the second quarter, but we had probably another additional $1 million in the first quarter as well. So, part of it has gone towards absorbing the incremental cost associated with that deal I referenced earlier. But it certainly has given us greater confidence in our outlook for the year. Hence, we are expressing confidence on the upper end of the ranges.
Chris Growe: Okay. Yes, thats helpful. So just really more flexibility, I guess. And then the other question I had was in relation to pricing overall. You mentioned like some incremental pricing in Canada. Is pricing in place now were you expected it? And there was a little bit of a slowdown sequentially in volume. Is that  have we seen kind of the elasticity effects in relation to that pricing? Is that pretty well embedded now in the volume performance in the quarter?
Lawrence Kurzius: The major pricing actions that we anticipated taking this year are all in place, Chris. So, we dont have any broad scale price increase activity. There are a couple of specific items where there is some cost pressure and were some unique, very targeted pricing actions are planned, but I would not expect that to be  its not going to be something we are going to be talking about particularly.
Chris Growe: And were you comfortable with the volume effects to that pricing, Lawrence? Was that  it did weaken a little bit sequentially, but have you seen a pretty normal level of elasticity in relation to that pricing?
Lawrence Kurzius: Actually, for  let me differentiate between the U.S. and Canada. Canada, we had to take quite substantial price increases just reflecting the change in cost and change in currency value. And so that we have seen an elasticity impact there and that was what we were, what I was calling out in the answer to that first question that David Driscoll had. But in our U.S. business, the price action that we took was quite surgical. We had a good understanding of elasticity. Our anticipation was that we would see minimal impact on volume from it and in fact that has been the case. We really dont see any kind of volume detriment in our U.S. business. I think if you look at our unit off-take data versus our dollar off-take, the units were doing better than we are on dollars. We did take pricing, but we have also worked with retailers on category pricing recommendations, that to a great extent, has mitigated that.
Chris Growe: Okay. Thank you for the time and good luck Gordon. Wish you all the best.
Gordon Stetz: Thank you.
Chris Growe: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Jonathan Feeney with Consumer Edge Research. Please proceed with your question.
Jonathan Feeney: Good morning. Thanks very much. And I ordinarily dont like to get into it, but Gordon, man, its been forever. Congratulations and you had a great career. I have loved working with you and Mike look forward to working with you very much. Just one question, I spent some time at FMI last week talking to a lot of different people and one of the things that came up is this decline in loyal brand users. And its funny, it seems like food companies of all shapes and sizes are working harder to get  they are actually having success, they are telling the truth about that, doing a great job getting new customers, they just have a hard time generating repeat among all customers at least versus where we were 5 years ago, it seems like your business, at least in North America, maybe a little bit different and able to hang on to loyal customers maybe a little bit better and maybe explain some of the better results, if you could kind of comment about how that  how you think about that, do you see that trend and is  how the McCormick portfolio is better or worse than whats going on broadly in the industry? Thanks.
Lawrence Kurzius: Hey, Jonathan. First of all, good morning, I think we didnt say hello when you got on there. Its an interesting question. I think that McCormick is really advantaged in this area. There are a lot of reasons for consumers to both have their heads and their hearts behind the McCormick brand. There are good rational reasons why our product is better and its the story that we are telling to consumers. But there is also real heart reason. And so, we are  I am not sure that we are seeing the same kind of erosion of loyalty that perhaps some of the other food companies might be talking about. I think also, our brands are and our product  really our category is in line with the way consumers want to eat today. And as consumers cook at home more and are more ambitious about the things that they cook, our brand is a big beneficiary of that. I think that we have a bit of a natural tailwind from two sources. One is the new dietary guidelines news that came out this year. That has really encouraged consumers to make greater use of herbs and spices. Thats a positive for our category, but as the leader in the category, we are a very big beneficiary of that. And then the second thing is that we actually do better with Millennials than we do with boomers. And so as Millenials come to be a bigger part of the shopper universe, that is actually a natural tailwind for us, which is different than some of our food company peers.
Jonathan Feeney: Thank you. Thats very helpful.
Lawrence Kurzius: Thanks Jonathan.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Brett Hundley from BB&T. Please proceed with your questions.
Brett Hundley: Hey. Thank you. Good morning everyone.
Lawrence Kurzius: Good morning Brett.
Brett Hundley: Thanks for taking my questions. Gordon and Mike let me just offer my congratulations to you both as well. I just had two questions for you guys today. One, I just wanted to revisit raw materials real quick. Gordon, you kind of reiterated your expectations for low single-digit increases in raw material inflation this year, I am curious if we can maybe get inside that a little bit and maybe there has been a move down from  maybe there was a plus two to three to a plus one now, but just curious kind of given a slight move down in pepper, black pepper, I dont know where exactly were your strategic reserves were, but just curious now if you would think that your net pricing actions are really in a place to fully offset expected raw material inflation as opposed to I think earlier in the year where you were kind of calling that pricing as somewhat of an offset, just wanted to get additional color from you there?
Mike Smith: Hey Brett, this is Mike. We havent moved off our guidance for the year. I mean there has been, with the thousands of different raw materials we have, some things are up and some things are down. We put the pricing in place, I am talking about you U.S. consumer here, to offset that at the beginning of the year, but low to mid single-digit inflation is what we are calling for the year and we are sticking to that and the pricing actions, as Lawrence said, have been put in place. So its just a variety of moving parts, but our  we have a great procurement team and we have strategic supplies for some of these things as we make buys during the year and we feel good about where we are.
Brett Hundley: Okay. I appreciate that. And then just lastly Lawrence, I thought it was interesting that you brought up accelerated growth trends on the industrial side, I think you called out a move towards natural, a move towards non-GMO and certainly in our own ingredients coverage, we hear instances of industrial customers looking to replace or reduce sugar or replace or reduce sodium and I am curious if you guys kind of fit into that role nicely as well with some of the products that you offer, but really I wanted to come back to maybe exploring the type of growth or the type of lift that you could be seeing recently from this accelerated move and how it trickles down to really helped your margin profile? Thank you.
Lawrence Kurzius: Sure, I will take the  I will start with this and maybe Gordon and Mike can pick up on the margin side of it. But about 40% of the briefs that we do for our industrial customers have some sort of health and wellness aspect to them and thats actually been the case for several years now. All of the TPG companies are trying to improve their portfolios with cleaner labels, healthier sounding ingredients, statements. No one wants to have a flavor in there that they have to call a flavor. And many of the  of our consumer products go to customers, we are trying to reduce sodium, reduce MSG, take out sugar. And so, thats about 40% of our briefs globally. Its a higher percentage in the U.S. And so we believe that we fit right in. Its a bit of a sweet spot for us. I mean part of the unique selling proposition that we take to our industrial customers is that we are not a chemical company, we are a food company. We approach their problems from a food and culinary perspective and thats where we start. We offer unique, technical solutions that are very competitive. We have an increasing portfolio ourselves of proprietary technologies to solve their problems and this we believe is an important part of our long-term growth story.
Mike Smith: And from a margin perspective, generally, when we engineer new products or reengineer products, we have pretty good margins. We get cost optimized later as we know as the product becomes successful, but we are really happy with the margins we can get on this new business.
Brett Hundley: Okay. Thanks so much.
Joyce Brooks: Thanks Brett.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your questions.
Robert Moskow: Hi. All of my questions have been answered, I just wanted to...
Lawrence Kurzius: Hi, Rob.
Robert Moskow: But thank you Gordon for all the years of helping everything, Mike looking forward to working with you more. I guess one question, your growth in U.S. retail has really taken off here, the category has taken off, I dont know if you talked more about incremental merchandising that you might be getting, is that a big driver, are you gaining shelf space outside of the traditional spice rack or is the spice rack kind of the area itself getting bigger at all, is that helping at all, too?
Lawrence Kurzius: I think that we are improving the assortment in the price  and in the main spice section, we are, if anything actually kind of reducing assortment outside of that area. That reduction is coming at the expense of other brands. But  and I dont really see a material change in the merchandising. If anything, I think we may be doing a better job on quality of merchandising, but there is not any kind of meaningful increment in merchandising activity. Really, the growth is being driven by the consumer. We have got a great message for the consumer, both for the category and for our brand. And there is a lot  for the category, there is this strong interest in cooking from scratch and flavorful healthy eating that that does benefit the category. And for ourselves, I believe that the moves that we have made to improve the appeal of our brand to consumers, particularly younger consumers and the stronger marketing messaging that we are doing on the A side of the marketing support versus the P side, both through traditional media and through digital media, thats really paying off for us and a great innovation program thats brought new news to the category as well. And in particular, with some of the recent activity, we are working to get our own brands a stronger presence in the perimeter of the store, particularly over in produce and again I think that, thats going to be a benefit for us.
Robert Moskow: Okay. Let me ask one follow-up, Lawrence. You gave your criteria on acquisitions here. How big is the pipeline of large opportunities for you now that Premier has kind of gone away? Like are there several large ideas that you might consider or is the opportunities much more bolt-on?
Lawrence Kurzius: I dont want to get too specific on that, but I will say that, that we have  we have got a robust pipeline of opportunities and targets. As you would expect, we are always in dialogue with somebody or multiple somebody, but there is no  but I really cant comment specifically on  I dont want to get too specific on that. I would say that there are plenty of opportunities for us out there.
Robert Moskow: Okay. Thanks, again. Bye-bye.
Lawrence Kurzius: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Mario Contreras with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Mario Contreras: Good morning.
Lawrence Kurzius: Good morning, Mario.
Mario Contreras: I just wanted to follow-up on the increased confidence around the high end of the guidance range. So year-to-date, first couple of quarters, your EPS growth has been more in the low to mid single-digit range. Back half would be implying closer to double-digits. I know you have mentioned the incremental CCI savings that will be coming through, but you do have some additional advertising spending coming through. You are exiting the JV. There was the industrial customer thats diversifying. So, I just wanted to drill down a little bit more on what is giving you the increased confidence that you can see that type of growth in the back half? Thanks.
Mike Smith: Well, certainly the underlying business we see is performing quite well. So, thats one of it, the CCI you just mentioned. I would point to just from a math perspective, the tax rate was biggest headwind in the first part of the year. And we have pretty much gone through that. So, the back half of the year, the tax rates will be more comparable to the prior year. So, the strength that you see on that operating income line growth is what will be driving a lot of it. Obviously, to that incremental marketing spend is  about half of it was in the first part of the year, thats impacting smaller quarters. As you go into the bigger quarters in the back half of the year, it doesnt have as much of an impact, because just by virtue of the size of the quarters that are starting to come, it will not as have as much of a negative impact on the growth rate, because its the same absolute dollars we are talking about. So, I just point to strength of the business, CCI, tax comparison and the relative size of A&P as it relates to the size of the quarters in the back half of the year.
Lawrence Kurzius: And absorbing the incremental acquisition-related.
Gordon Stetz: And thats a very good point. And we absorbed the incremental acquisition cost in the first part of this year as we mentioned earlier.
Mario Contreras: Okay. And then I guess maybe just following up on that, I am just a little bit curious why you dont break that down as sort of one-time item or something that would be excluded from the EPS that you give on a non-GAAP adjusted basis?
Gordon Stetz: We are very  we have acquisition activity all the time. The one that we described earlier I would say is as unique as those of you have followed us. I would also say we are very cognizant of the financial reporting requirements as required by the SEC and there has been certain amount of guidelines put out recently. So, we certainly honor that and respect that.
Mario Contreras: Okay, thanks everyone.
Joyce Brooks: Thanks, Mario.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Erin Lash with Morningstar. Please proceed with your questions.
Erin Lash: Good morning. Thank you for taking my question.
Joyce Brooks: Hi, Erin.
Erin Lash: Hi. I just wanted to start, I think on Slide 7 you mentioned, I know there has been a lot of discussion in the call about pricing specifically within the U.S. consumer business, but you mentioned a point about certain retailers lowering price points on the McCormick brand and I wondered if you could give some additional details surrounding that if it was related to the push for some of those economy brands by those particular retailers a year ago or what I guess more contact surrounding that point?
Lawrence Kurzius: Sure. This has been an ongoing program that we have been talking about on calls and in conferences for the last 2 years really as we have evolved our analytic capabilities and understanding of price elasticity and worked with retailers on modeling the category in a way that really optimizes the profitability of the category for them. And as it generally works out what optimizes the category for the retailer tends to be a good news for the McCormick brand as well. So, we have been adding tools that allow us to give greater and greater precision and give fact and database guidance to retailers on pricing decisions for the category as a whole and assortment decisions for the category as a whole. Those recommendations include, in many cases, lowering the price points on McCormick brand products. Sometimes that includes our recommendations about changes in the price points for their private label, for economy brands and for other brands in the category where they may have some irrational pricing thats happening in the store or where they may have pricing that they dont even know about, because there maybe a rack of spices in another department of the store that the spice category buyer doesnt even have visibility to. And category profitability is leaking out through that backdoor. So, we have made those kinds of recommendations. And those retailers who have accepted those recommendations have tended to outperform the category and we have outperformed  and we have definitely gained share in the cases where those retailers have taken our recommendations. I think in our remarks though we may have  I dont know if we included it in our remarks, but with retailers who have taken our recommendations, I think in the first quarter, we reported that we have gained about 60 basis points of share. We can now track that to 120 basis points of share gain in those retailers who have accepted our recommendations and that set is becoming a bigger and bigger set of retailers. One of the ways that bleeds through in the syndicated data is that our unit share growth has been stronger than the category where our dollar share of growth is tracking slightly behind of the category. Thats really reflecting that shifting at the retail price points.
Erin Lash: Thank you. Thats very, very helpful. I just had one follow-up. I realized its small, but you mentioned about exiting the JV in South Africa and I just wanted to get some additional insights into whether that is potentially a reflection of I guess different market dynamics than maybe what you had anticipated before or whether that was more reflective of the quality of the JV partner. Any insight you can provide will be very helpful.
Lawrence Kurzius: Actually, we have got two businesses in South Africa. We have a fully consolidated industrial business. Thats an ongoing business that we are continuing with. We do have a JV in South Africa with a specific customer. That JV is almost captive supplying almost 100% of its volume to our JV partner. We had a 10-year supply contract that is coming to an end. And so as part of concluding that, we are working with them to wrap up that JV. So, its not really a reflection on the market. Its really very specific to that one relationship.
Mike Smith: And for clarity around the accounting treatment, it is a consolidated joint venture because of the operating control nature of it. So, it is impacting the consolidated sales results.
Erin Lash: Thank you. Thats very helpful. And I just wanted to add my congratulations, Gordon. Its been great working with you. And Mike, I look forward to working with you more over the coming years. Thank you.
Mike Smith: Thank you. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. I will now turn the floor to Lawrence Kurzius for closing remarks.
Lawrence Kurzius: Well, thanks everyone for your questions and for your participation on todays call through our growth strategies and our people, experienced leaders and engaged employees were driving performance at McCormick. We are increasing our base business, accelerating innovation, expanding the availability and footprint of our business, and excelling in customer intimacy and consumer insights and fueling this growth with cost savings led by our CCI program. 2016 is shaping up to be a very good year for the financial results in the first two quarters and great momentum heading into the second half.
Joyce Brooks: Thanks, Lawrence and for everyone for joining us today. If you have further questions regarding our information, please give us a call at 410-771-7244. This concludes this mornings conference.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-03-29 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Joyce Brooks - VP of IR Lawrence Kurzius - President and CEO Gordon Stetz - EVP and CFO Mike Smith - SVP, Corporate Finance
Analysts: Alexia Howard - Bernstein David Driscoll - Citigroup Brett Hundley - BB&T Capital Markets Tom Palmer - JPMorgan Max Lewis - JPMorgan Chris Growe - Stifel Rob Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse
Operator: Good morning, this is Joyce Brooks, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you for joining today's call for a discussions of McCormick's first-quarter financial results and our current outlook for 2016. To accompany our call, weve posted a set of slides at ir.mccormick.com. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following our remarks, we will begin a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. With me this morning are Lawrence Kurzius, President and CEO, Gordon Stetz, Executive Vice President and CFO, and Mike Smith Senior Vice President, Corporate Finance. During our remarks, we will refer to non-GAAP financial measures. These include adjusted operating income and adjusted earnings per share that exclude the impact of special charges as well as information in constant currency. Reconciliations to the GAAP results are included in this morning's press release and slides. As a reminder, todays presentation contains protections and other forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from those projected. The Company undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or other factors. As seen on slide 2, our forward-looking statement also provides information on risk factors that could affect our financial results. Its now my pleasure to turn the discussion over to Lawrence.
Lawrence Kurzius: Thank you Joyce, good morning everyone, thanks for joining us. McCormick's first-quarter results were a great start to the year. We created momentum with our growth strategies throughout 2015 and are building on this strength in 2016. This strength was evident in our topline growth, we grew constant currency sales 6% for our Consumer segment and 7% for our Industrial segment with increased base business, new products and acquisitions, our three drivers of long-term sales growth. We are improving gross profit margin and achieved a 70 basis point increase this period. This was a sequential increase from 30 basis points in the fourth quarter of 2015 and ahead of our expectations due in part to favorable product mix. A big driver of the year-to-year improvement is cost savings from our Comprehensive Continuous Improvement program, CCI and our organization and streamlining action. Employees throughout the Company are improving productivity and we have greater confidence in our goal to achieve at least $95 million of cost savings this year. Under Mike's leadership, efforts are underway toward delivering the four year $400 million cost reduction target that we announced in February. We grew first quarter adjusted operating income 12% from the year ago period on a constant currency basis led by the higher sales and increased gross profit margin. Wed initially planned a year-on-year increase in brand marketing this period but shifted this timing to second quarter to better coincide with some of our new product launches. At the bottom line, adjusted earnings per share of $0.74 was up 6% from $0.70 in the first quarter of 2015. This includes the unfavorable impact to foreign exchange rates and the underlying increase was quite strong. These first-quarter results give us increased confidence in our ability to deliver our plans for constant currency growth of 4% to 6% for sales, 9% to 11% for adjusted operating income and 9% to 11% for adjusted EPS. Each of these growth rates is at or above our long-term objectives. I'd like to comment next on the recent news about our proposal to acquire Premier Foods. Premier Foods is just one idea in McCormicks robust acquisition pipeline, one that would be a great addition to our business. This acquisition would be consistent with our growth strategy, adding iconic brands that complement our product portfolio, increasing our current scale and presence in the UK market and creating potential to drive growth through innovation, marketing and expanded international distribution. We believe our offer is highly attractive for Premier Foods shareholders and an opportunity to build value for McCormick shareholders. At this stage, given UK regulatory restrictions, were limited in what we can say beyond our recent announcement. Consistent with our acquisition strategy, we will be disciplined about returns and value creation for McCormick shareholders. Now let's turn to our business update. Consumer demand for flavor are strong and on the rise. Across generations, flavor remains the number one driver of food decisions especially among millennials. Slide 6 shows the information we shared at the CAGNY conference and we were pleased to see similar survey results shared by other food companies, many of them customers of our Industrial segment. While taste has remained a constant theme, the food industry is also seeing some significant changes in consumer eating habit, particularly in the US. For these trends, McCormick is well positioned to drive growth. There are changes in how we eat, consumers increasingly want to eat healthy, and spices and herbs, the core of our business, are a healthy way to add flavor. We announced in January that the new 2015-2020 dietary guidelines for Americans point to herbs and spices as a way to reduce sodium in the diet and we were pleased to see in February a new MyPlate for older adults co-sponsored by AARP showing herbs and spices as one of seven recommended food and beverage groups. Were changing what we eat; fresh ingredients are on the rise. Consumers who are buying more fresh vegetables, seafood and meat are looking for both flavor and convenience. Were meeting this need with current products like Grill Mates, Recipe Mixes and Lawry's and our latest innovation of liquid sauces and herb grinders. Consumers are changing why they choose certain brands and product, demanding greater transparency. We are addressing this demand with our message that pure tastes better and consumer information about McCormicks high-quality sourcing and manufacturing standard. As a next step in the US, we are in the process of labeling over 70% of McCormick brand spices, herbs and extracts as non-GMO and transitioning 80% of our gourmet line to organic this year. Were even changing when we eat. Snacking occasions have suppressed breakfast and lunch and now rival dinner. Here is where our industrial segment steps in as a major supplier to packaged food companies, the largest being PepsiCo that are focused on building this part of their product portfolio. Our restaurant customers are also developing menu items to meet this demand. Clearly McCormick is in a great position for the portfolio of leading brands and industrial flavor solutions that are aligned with today's consumer and developing the insight to adapt to tomorrow's consumer.  I want to turn next to some specific remarks about the growth strategies underway and performance for each of our two segments. Let's start with the consumer segment and our US business. Category growth for spices and seasonings continues to be strong. In the most recent quarter, retail sales of McCormick brands spices and seasonings continued to grow reaching a 5% increase. Within this broader category, we grew our core McCormick brand spices and herbs at the category growth rate and we continue to see strong growth for our gourmet products with retail sales up 6% since our 2015 relaunch. Across our entire US product portfolio, we have increased advertising 20% in the last two years and are achieving investment returns on our brand marketing that are ahead of industry benchmark. Digital marketing has particularly high ROI. In the fourth quarter, we launched our Purity campaign which is gaining traction. The video has now been viewed more than 33 million times at a cost of just $0.03 per view. Our video completion rate is 25% exceeding the industry and our own historical average and is attracting traffic to our website with 43% of traffic coming from millennials. This campaign will continue in 2016. In the second quarter, we will also have incremental marketing to build awareness and trial of our new Herb Grinders. Following the busy holiday period and Super Bowl event, weve reached critical mass with shelf placement at retail and are now ready to launch our marketing support for this innovative and differentiated product. The latest product launches that were rolling out include our first line of organic recipe mixes, liquid Grill Mates marinades, Zatarain's microwavable rice cups, Kitchen Basics organic stocks, food colors with no artificial dyes and an extension of our skillet sauces to a line of oven baked variety. McCormick brand liquid sauces have really taken off with 4 percentage points of category share gain in the first quarter. Consumption results have also been excellent for Stubb's which we have now owned for six months. Total Stubb's brand retail sales rose 14% in the latest quarter year-on-year with barbecue sauce sales up even higher at 18%. In Europe, Middle East and Africa, EMEA, we've been building our brand equity with increased marketing support; a double-digit increase in 2015 will be followed by additional support in 2016 for our grilling campaign, Vahine dessert items and core spices and seasonings. Our products introduction this year includes seasoning blends to create authentic Spanish dishes in the UK and new recipe mix varieties in Poland, premium grinders in France, Poland and Russia, and dessert decorating items [in France] [ph]. As a further growth driver in our EMEA region, we continued to benefit from distribution gains in Poland and Russia and have some incremental benefit in the first half of this year from our May 2015 acquisition of Drogheria & Alimentari in Italy. We returned to double-digit sales growth in our China consumer business this quarter in constant currency. This followed a 5% constant currency increase in the fourth quarter when we had some impacts from distributors that held back on purchases in anticipation of Chinese New Year promotion. Our holiday promotions were very successful and we achieved double-digit growth in herbs and spices, condiments and our bouillon product. We remain bullish about our prospects for consumer segment growth in this market, and in 2016 expect to achieve constant currency sales growth in a high-single digit to low-double digit rate. In other parts of our Asia Pacific region, our decision to discontinue lower margin product in India is impacting financial results in 2016 with an estimated reduction of about 0.5 percentage point on total company sales. Excluding this impact, we had a solid first-quarter sales performance for our Kohinoor business in India. Adjusted operating income for our consumer segment was up 7% in constant currency in the first quarter setting the stage for better profit growth this year than in 2015. Factors affecting this improved profit performance include higher sales including better growth in our US business and lower material cost inflation. Turning to the industrial segment, we had excellent sales and profit growth in 2015 and this is continued through the first quarter of 2016. Gordon will provide more details but for the total segment in constant currency, we grew sales 7% and adjusted operating income 27%. This margin improvement stems from our cost reductions, the scale advantage of higher volume and a more favorable mix including the acquisition of Brand Aromatics in March 2015 as well as innovation with more value added flavor. Leading our industrial performance again this quarter was another double-digit sales increase in constant currency was our team in the EMEA. In this region, the greatest growth is with quick service restaurants through product innovation, distribution gains and their geographic expansion. This geographic expansion includes Eastern Europe and the Middle East and construction of the new plans in Dubai that we have mentioned before is on schedule to be complete in mid-2016. Our willingness to support and supply our customers locally is a good example of our strategy to excel at customer intimacy and is part of the reason we were most recently named global flavor supplier of three top food and beverage companies. In the Americas region it is almost one year since we acquired the Brand Aromatics business and we are pleased to report that it is exceeding our profit expectations and providing other benefits such as helping to launch organic Kitchen Basics stocks for our consumer segment. For the base business in this region, we are encouraged by our current innovation pipeline with customized flavors for food manufacturers, flavors for snacks seasonings, beverages, soups and cereals. Sales of snack seasonings were a key driver of our topline growth in the first quarter, especially in Latin America. In the foodservice industry, we're supporting recent new products and promotion activity by several current restaurant customers and through our branded foodservice business expanding with some new restaurant chains. Turning to the Asia-Pacific region, we continue to grow industrial sales for our operation in Australia with distribution gains to quick service restaurants in the region. In China, we are a bit cautious due to the effects of the macroeconomic situation as well as the impact of certain headwinds faced by quick service restaurants in recent years. On the positive side, these customers are continuing to invest in this market with innovation, new locations and marketing. Let me summarize by restating that our first quarter financial results across both our consumer and industrial segments are a strong start to 2016. And weve increased confidence in our fiscal year outlook. Consumer demand for flavor is growing globally. At McCormick, we are well positioned to meet this demand with effective growth strategy, an on trend product portfolio, experienced business leaders and engaged employees. Its now my pleasure to turn it over to Gordon.
Gordon Stetz: Thanks Lawrence and good morning everybody. I'm going to discuss our first-quarter results followed by comments on our current 2016 financial outlook. We started the year with strong sales growth and higher adjusted earnings per share. Our adjusted earnings per share result was ahead of our first-quarter guidance due to a timing shift for brand marketing and discrete tax benefits. Let's turn to our topline results as seen on slide 16. On a constant currency basis, we grew sales 7%. The incremental impact of the acquisitions completed in 2015 was 3%. We drove the other 4% with higher volume and product mix and to a lesser extend from pricing actions that we took in response to higher material cost. Constant currency sales growth for each of our two segments was in a 6% to 7% range and driven by contributions from these same three factors; volume and product mix, acquisitions and pricing. On slide 17, consumer segment sales in the Americas rose 4% in constant currency with about a third of the increase from Stubb's. Base business sales growth in this region was led by higher US sales of core spices and herbs, Lawry's brand, Hispanic items and simply Asia products. These increases were offset in part this period by lower sales of certain economy products in the US. Also volume and mix declined in Canada as consumers adjust to some significant price increases related in part to currency pressure. In EMEA, we continued to achieve strong sales performance, up 14% in constant currency. This increase was driven by D&A which added 10% to sales growth as well as expanded distribution in Poland and our performance in France with new products and brand marketing. Consumer sales in the Asia-Pacific region rose 5% in constant currency. We grew constant currency sales in China 12% with a broad base increase across a number of product categories in both our McCormick brand and brands added with the acquisition of Wuhan Asia-Pacific Condiments in 2013. Sales this period were unfavorably impacted by our decision to discontinue certain low margin Kohinoor products in India as Lawrence described. The reduced sales from our business in India lowered our growth rate in this region by 4 percentage points this quarter. For the consumer segment in total, our first-quarter adjusted operating income rose 3% to $94 million. In constant currency, adjusted operating income rose 7% from the year-ago period, with the impact of sales growth and cost savings more than offsetting higher material costs and employee benefit expense this period. Turning to our industrial segment, we had excellent results this quarter in both sales and profit even with the impact of unfavorable currency rates and adjusted operating income margin rose to 9.2% from 7.8% in the first quarter of 2015. The result of our CCI programs, scale from higher sales, and a shift to more value-added products including the addition of Brand Aromatics. On slide 22, sales of Brand Aromatics contributed 3% to our growth in the Americas. Higher base business volume and product mix this quarter versus the year-ago period was led by sales of snack seasonings with particularly strong growth in the Latin American market from our operation based in Mexico. The excellent performance of our industrial business in EMEA continued into the first quarter with constant currency sales up 11%. As Lawrence described, we are benefiting from our strong customer relationships with leading quick service restaurants and food manufacturers supporting their growth and geographic expansion in this region. We grew industrial segment sales in the Asia Pacific region 3% in constant currency. We drove higher sales to quick service restaurants in the region from our operations in both China and Australia. Adjusted operating income for the industrial segment ended the quarter up 19% at $36 million. In constant currency, the growth was even greater at 27% with the factors I already mentioned and as spelled out on slide 25. Our expectation for the fiscal year is to increase adjusted operating income for the industrial segment in line with our guidance for the total company. Clearly the first-quarter result came in ahead of this outlook and we expect further quarter-to-quarter fluctuation as a result of customer demand patterns and other factors. Across both segments adjusted operating income which excludes special charges rose 7% in the first quarter from the year ago period. If we also exclude the impact of unfavorable currency, we grew adjusted operating income by 12% which is just above our 2016 guidance range. Gross profit margin was up year-on-year as well with a 70 basis points increase. This improvement was the result of cost savings from our CCI and organization and streamlining actions, favorable mix, scale benefits from higher sales and pricing actions taken to offset moderate cost inflation. As a percentage of net sales, selling, general and administrative expense was comparable to the first quarter of 2015. During this period we had a favorable impact from several factors that included our cost savings activity. This was offset by the impact of unfavorable factors that included increases in certain employee benefit expense and a $1 million increase in brand marketing.  Below the operating income line, the tax rate on a GAAP basis this quarter was 26.9% compared to 24.8% in the year ago period. This first quarter 2016 tax rate was below our guidance for the year of approximately 28% due to discrete tax benefits. We continue to expect the full year rate to approximate 28%. Note that excluding the impact of special charges, the tax rate for the first quarter 2016 and first quarter 2015 were more comparable. As the result of unfavorable currency, income from unconsolidated operations declined 15% to $8 dollars. This currency impact masked the strong underlying performance led by our joint venture in Mexico which had a mid single-digit increase in both sales and net income, excluding the impact of currency. At the bottom line, first quarter 2016 adjusted earnings per share was $0.74 up $0.04 from the year ago period mainly due to higher adjusted operating income. This result included the unfavorable impact from currency on both consolidated and unconsolidated income. On slide 30, we've summarized highlights for cash flow and the quarter end balance sheet. Through the first quarter, cash flow from operations was $78 million compared to $96 million in the year ago period. An increase in net income was offset mainly by the timing of payments for raw material purchases. We returned $102 million of cash to shareholders through dividend and share repurchases and use $22 million for capital expenditures this period. At the end of the first quarter $522 million remained on the current $600 million share repurchase authorization. Our balance sheet remains sound. We are generating strong cash flow and we are well-positioned to fund future investments to drive growth. Lets move now to our current financial outlook for 2016. Our strong outlook for the year is unchanged except for the impact of foreign currency exchange rates. Based on prevailing rates, we now estimate an impact to the growth rate for sales, adjusted operating income and earnings per share of 3%, down from our initial estimate of 4%. At the top line, we reaffirm our plan to grow sales 4% to 6% in constant currency which includes a carryover benefit of 1% to 2% from acquisitions completed in 2015 and higher pricing of 1% to 2%. Including the impact of currency, the projected sales growth is 1% to 3%. On a constant currency basis, we continue to expect to an increase adjusted operating income 9% to 11% from adjusted operating income of $614 million in 2015. Currency is expected to lower this range to 6% to 8%. We plan to drive this increase with higher sales and at least $95 million in cost savings, savings that include our CCI program and some carryover benefit from previously announced organization and streamlining actions. With this fuel for growth, we plan to increase brand marketing at least $20 million. Due to the lower impact from currency, our guidance range for adjusted earnings per share has increased by $0.03 to $ 3.68 to $3.75. Excluding the estimated 3 percentage point impact of unfavorable currency rates, this range remains an increase of 9% to 11% from adjusted earnings per share of $3.48 in 2015. In the second quarter of 2016, we expect adjusted earnings per share to be slightly below $0.75 of adjusted earnings per share in the year ago period. This is due to the unfavorable impact of currency rates, increased brand marketing and a higher tax rate. Keep in mind that we had a particularly low tax rate in the second quarter of 2015 at 16% on a GAAP basis and a bit higher on a non-GAAP basis, but still below our outlook of approximately 28% for the fiscal year 2016. As a final remark on our outlook, we are on track for another year of strong cash flow for fiscal year 2016 with higher adjusted net income and actions underway to improve our working capital.  That completes my remarks, so lets now turn it over for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Alexia Howard with Bernstein. Please proceed with your questions.
Alexia Howard: Good morning, everyone.
Lawrence Kurzius: Good morning, Alexia.
Alexia Howard: Can I do two questions? I know you comment on the Premier Foods specifically, or not very much, but just philosophically about your plans for acquisitions from here on out. You said there are other possible deals in the pipeline. What strikes me as different here is that it's quite big, which is a break from the bolt-on acquisitions you've done in the past. It is based in the UK which, frankly, even though I'm from there, doesn't strike me as a particularly attractive market. And it's moving out of your core spices and seasonings into more regular smaller growth categories. So maybe if you could just comment on if not this, are these the kind of criteria that you are focused on? And then as a really short follow-up, a number of other companies have announced that they will be labeling products that are containing GMOs in addition to obviously what you are doing which is labeling the products that are not containing GMOs or GMO free. In advance of the Vermont labeling legislation kicking in in the middle of the year, how are you planning to deal with that? Thank you and I will pass it on. 
Lawrence Kurzius: Alexia, this is Lawrence here and first of all, as we look at the Premier business, there is  we are pretty limited on what we can say. But I can tell you that whats attractive to us about this business is that it is still predominantly a flavor business with some terrific iconic flavor brands that are much loved in the UK. I am sure that you are very familiar with these brands yourself. Gordon, and Mike and I have lived in the UK ourselves and know that brands like Bisto, Oxo, Saxa, Sharwood, these are fantastic brands that are much loved by UK consumers and are widely consumed and we see them as flavor businesses. Our flavor portfolio on the consumer side is not just herbs, spices and seasonings, we have sauces in many parts of the world. We are launching cooking sauces in North America, we have over the last few years, so we see brands in the Premier portfolio as being a very complementary to the flavor business that we have and are building globally. With the brands that are very close and we are looking at a whole company. So there are some brands that are not on their face core to our business, but I would remind you that we have strong dessert business on the continent with homemade dessert products through the Vahine brand and a fairly good part of our US business is based on cooking and baking products anyway as well. So we feel pretty good about the fit. It is bigger than the bolt-on acquisitions that we have done so many of, and I think we have been signaling really for several months now that we were going to look at some bigger opportunities in addition to the bolt-on opportunity. This would use a fair bit of our financial capacity, but it wouldnt take us out of the market to do the kind of strategically important bolt-ons that we might still  that we might have done otherwise.  And as far as the UK markets goes, one of the things that we are interested in as part of our acquisition program is adding scale where we already have strong business presence. And certainly the UK is a market where we have good presence with our Schwartz brand and have for many years and have strong relationships with our customers there. Its also the home of our EMEA business, our EMEA regional headquarters is in the UK and so we have substantial infrastructure and resources there to handle an asset like this.  Your second question was about GMO labeling and we announced that we were going to label our product for non-GMO. We are taking credit for what we have to a great extent. The vast majority of our products, our herbs and spice products in particular, are not genetically modified in anyway and consumers are interested in transparency and thats what led to that initiative and we are certainly well aware of the Vermont law. We dont have any kind of particular public stance that we want to take on that other than that we are going to comply with the law. So where there are genetically modified materials in some of our products, we will either find a way to remove them or label them as is appropriate in order to put us into compliance with that law.
Alexia Howard: Great. Thank you very much. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of David Driscoll with Citigroup. Please proceed with your questions.
David Driscoll: Great. Thank you so much and good morning, everyone.
Lawrence Kurzius: Good morning, David.
David Driscoll: I just had two questions. I think on the last conference call you had indicated that you expected brand marketing to increase in the first quarter and I think it was flat. So, I'm just curious about the thoughts on how marketing lays out in the year and I believe you reiterated the $20 million increase number. So I think the pattern shifted a bit, but I'd kind of like you to comment on that. And then I just have a quick follow-up.
Lawrence Kurzius: Great. I will start and then may let Gordon pick up right behind me. But we did signal that we would have the brand marketing increase in the first quarter largely related to some new product launches. And I think in our prepared remarks, we indicated that we push that advertising into mostly in the second quarter just related to the timing of the distribution build on the new product. There is really nothing dramatic here. Its just around the actual retail execution predominantly on our herb grinders as we work through the holiday season and the Super Bowl season, the on-shelf placement of those products is a little bit slower than we anticipated at the very beginning of the year and so weve shifted the spend out on a bit further to coincide with the retail distribution. Our particular problem is just the timing of it, so we still believe that we will deliver on that brand marketing increase that we talked about in our initial guidance for the year. Gordon, you want to elaborate on that?
Gordon Stetz: No, absolutely right. I mean, a lot of it is - the decisions are made as we progress through the quarter and determine when the best timing of it is as it relates to the rollout, so this purely a decision to make sure its spent at the appropriate time to support the business.
David Driscoll: And then just a quick follow-up on your pricing in the United States and what are you seeing on price and volume elasticities?
Lawrence Kurzius: Price increase has just really been implemented at retail. Our expectation based on the analytical work that we did is that we will have minimal impact on volume and our price elasticity was an important consideration in developing this increase. Particularly in the US, the increase is quite surgical and item-specific. Its not a broad-based flat increase. Its, what I would call a very smart analytically based set of increases. Some items  it wasnt all an increase, some items went down as well. We took this as an opportunity to adjust our prices across the portfolio and the net was about 1% to 2% increase.
David Driscoll: Smart increases are my favorite kind. I appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Brett Hundley with BB&T Capital Markets. Please go ahead with your questions.
Brett Hundley: Yeah. Good morning, gentlemen.
Lawrence Kurzius: Good morning, Brett.
Brett Hundley: Just wanted to stay on that topic with pricing and maybe a little bit as it relates to your cost savings program as well. But I wanted to revisit raw material inflation, Gordon, and maybe get a sense of whether you're still looking for a low-single-digit increase. And just your comfort with being able to use pricing or additional cost savings as needed if raws were to rise on you further. I hear about the garlic market and how that's just moving higher and maybe poor weather in India. So I just wanted to revisit that with you and get an update from you. 
Gordon Stetz: Yeah, our outlook on the raw material increases this year has not changed, so we are still in the low single-digit. I really dont want to speculate too much in terms of how we would deal with certain issues. As you know, they are automatically dealt with in the industrial side up or down based on those movements. In the retail side, all I would say is we lean on these tools and the techniques that weve developed. We will look at the elasticities and the thresholds. Back to Lawrences earlier comments, Ive been with this company a long time and I would say that the level of sophistication around the price increase just executed was the highest Ive seen. So I have confidence in our team to go back, use their analytics to make whatever decision is necessary to deal with whatever cost issues may pop up. CCI, we will always lean on CCI. We talked about that as part of our strategy over time, thats where we look first in any type of an environment as to generate cost savings through our CCI. And under Mikes leadership, as youve heard, weve upped our resources there which has give us confidence to raise our target. So that will always be the first place we look.
Brett Hundley: Okay, and then just as a follow-up question -- this is a little bit of an oddball question, but I'm curious. The US protein industry has spent a lot of time year-to-date talking about how they are really going to focus on pushing hot dogs this growing season. I am just curious if that actually negatively impacts your US retail business at all if your see a switch as what goes on the grill or if you business is diverse enough of course that you really dont see any impact based upon what US protein producers try and decide to push.
Lawrence Kurzius : I will say that while hot dog seasoning is not  I am not aware that weve got a specific hot dog seasoning in our portfolio. Ill bet Montreal steak seasoning tastes great on a hot dog. But anything that promotes more grilling is going to be good for us during the grilling season. I am sure that Stubbs barbeque sauce is fantastic on a hot dog.
Gordon Stetz: And Zatarain's Creole mustard.
Brett Hundley: All right, great, guys. I appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question is from the Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. Please go ahead with your question.
Tom Palmer: Good morning, it is Tom Palmer on for Ken. Thank you for taking my questions.
Lawrence Kurzius: Good morning, Tom.
Tom Palmer: We have started to see organic and non-GMO products on shelves in food retailers. I realize it's still a bit early, but how is the adoption progressing? Have you gained incremental placements at retailers? Can you comment on the rate of customer adoption? Thanks.
Lawrence Kurzius: Id tell you that the plans for the roll out of our conversions is organic on our gourmet line and the non-GMO labeling on the bulk of our herbs and spices is very much on track. We expect to have the rollout fully implemented by the end of the year. And we are pretty pleased with the results so far. Weve got great acceptance by retailers. I know we have a specific case to cite here, but I know we have gained additional distribution particularly as a result of the organic conversion. And we are optimistic about it. I think you may have heard in our prepared remarks that we are seeing a great lift on our gourmet line with that conversion as well.
Tom Palmer: Great, thanks. And just a quick follow-up. Gross margin expansion was the strongest in a couple years. Should we look for this degree of expansion to recur again this year or in subsequent quarters or was some of the increase perhaps a rebound off of an abnormally light figure in the first quarter of 15?
Gordon Stetz: Weve indicated gross margin improvement for the year in the 50 to 100 basis point range and this is squarely in the middle of that. So weve dialed that into our thinking.
Tom Palmer: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Max Lewis with JPMorgan. Please go ahead with your question.
Max Lewis: Hi, guys. Congratulations on the good results. I think my question is just more to do with the Premier Foods deal. Obviously aware there's a limit to what you can say there. But I think the very first thing that I'd be interested just to hear is the potential impact of this transaction on your credit rating. I mean, if we look at Premier Foods right now, I mean, in US dollar terms for a second, excluding the pension deficit, I may get about $930 million of net debt coupled with a pension deficit of GBP416 million is roughly $600 million resulting in the total additional net debt of almost $1.5 billion. I think because of that, even assuming an all stock deal, this is a deal which could almost double the net debt of the group. I think what I'd be interested to get your kind of guidance on is firstly whether or not you feel you can preserve your investment-grade credit rating if your net debt were to increase that materially. And secondly, whether or not it would make sense after acquiring Premier Foods, the Premier Foods legal entity to still issue its own bond and to sit outside the restrict group that currently contains all the assets that are referenceable into the McCormick bond restricted group in order to preserve the investment-grade rating of those bonds.
Gordon Stetz: In terms of the second question, were getting into a level of detail that a speculation and I can't really comment on right now. In terms of your first question, I'll just point to our historical track record around, when we have done large acquisitions and the debt capacity that we have. We pride ourselves in our investment-grade rating and our full intention is to maintain our investment-grade rating and we believe we can achieve that through this transaction. While it is significantly large, if you go back in our history and you look at Ducros back in 2000, and you look at Lawry's as recently as 2008, on a percentage of our market cap and the size of the company, it's really not quite different from those sized transactions. So our intention, as we did in those two previous transactions, would be to lever up. Obviously, it will take our debt-to-EBITDA about where it is now, but it wouldn't be at a level that would be unlike where we were with Lawrys and Ducros at the time. And as we did in the past, we would curtail our share buyback program to pay down our debt and return to our investment-grade ratings. So that is how we would finance this acquisition and again, it would be very much in line with previous deal.
Max Lewis: I think one thing that I just struggle to understand there is whether or not you would expect to maintain your investment-grade rating immediately after the deal completed. Because obviously whilst I can understand that right now, you may not be willing to give all the information out, even if you give some guidance as to when you'll be able to give this information out regarding the potential impact this could have on your credit rating that would be important. So I think currently the credit market is quite concerned about a deal which, even on an all stock basis, could quite easily more than double the net debt of the group. And if it were to take place on an all cash basis, that's very significant to net debt to EBITDA for the group.
Gordon Stetz: Well, again, I can't speak specifically to what the rating agencies will or will not do, but all I would suggest is we are currently an A rating and wed have a ways to go before we get below investment grade and again the debt-to-EBITDA parameters would not be unlike where we were previously on other deals where we were able to maintain our investment-grade rating.
Max Lewis: Okay, I think second question I would throw off was more about the EPS impact of the deal and the potential of this deal to be accretive maybe in the future. Whilst I suppose kind of given the material discrepancy in terms of your P/E ratio versus Premier Foods' P/E ratio that could imply the deal could be quite accretive. I suppose some concerns that many of your investors have right now is firstly the impact of the pension deficit. And I've got the Premier Foods' legal entity pension deficit of GBP416 million, which in US dollar terms gets me to a little bit under $600 million. Premier Foods' management team announced that even though in 2015 they had a partial holiday for making the addition -- deficit contribution, the total cash outflow due to servicing the pension deficit will increase $14 million to $16 million this year and go up to almost $60 million, that's 60 million in 2016 and '17. I suppose how concerned are you about the EPS impact of one, the material payment the group will need to make moving forward to service its very large pension deficit? Secondly, the impact of the UK minimum wage on the large fixed cost base of the group given the fact that there are a large number of UK employees due to see their wage increases? 
Gordon Stetz: Max, Can I just interrupt you for just a minute?
Max Lewis: And just thirdly if I may, just about the competitive landscape in the UK where we've seen a number of the large [indiscernible] markets, the big [indiscernible] markets in the UK?
Gordon Stetz: I appreciate it, Max, but these are all questions that we're not going to be able to answer. If I could just interrupt, these are all matters that we're not going to be able to address and so I don't want to tie up. We've got a lot of other questioners and so, I don't mean to be rude, but I'm just saying, we're not going to be able to address any of those points. Obviously, we would expect that this transaction were to occur, would be beneficial to the Premier shareholders and the other stakeholders in the business, by providing greater security than they perhaps have in this highly levered situation that they find themselves in today and we would also expect it to be value creating for McCormick shareholders as well. The degree to which it is accretive is something that we can't even speculate on, no deal has been agreed at this point and so the return would be -- any discussion of the return would be highly speculative other than we've been good stewards of shareholder value for McCormick shareholders and we're going to continue to keep our financial discipline and any deal that we undertake is going to be favorable through both accretion lens and through an EDA lens.
Max Lewis: I suppose at the very least can you give the market some kind of indication as to when we might start to get some kind of firm statement from management as to the financial impact of this deal.
Joyce Brooks: Max, we've got several people in the queue and we want to move forward. So any other questions you have, we can take them offline, you can call me after the call. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Chris Growe with Stifel. Please go ahead with your question.
Chris Growe: Hi, thank you, good morning. Hi. We'll get back on track here. I had a question for you if I could please. In relation to the US business, you showed a chart early on in the slides where the US spices and seasonings category accelerated a bit in Q1. So I was curious about that sequentially even from Q4, but the gap between McCormick's performance and the category was a little wider. But I think I heard you say that your branded performance was in line with the category. So I wanted to understand those two comments or those really two questions there if you will. Then I had a second question, just a quick follow-up.
Lawrence Kurzius: Yes. We are continuing to see sequential improvement in our US business and spices and seasonings. And so youre right when you say you are seeing that acceleration, I think that that remark that you were referencing earlier refer to our A-Z spices. Within the different sub segments of that broad category, we have portions of that that are gaining share and our branded -- McCormick branded A-Z spices are certainly one of those segments that's gaining share. I think overall, we're still, someone correct me if Im wrong here, 60 basis points down in share for the quarter, but we continue to see sequential improvement. Were really pleased with the growth in our US business I have to say overall and we believe we've got the right momentum to get to continue to grow and to get the share gain.
Chris Growe: Okay. And just if I could, a quick follow-up question in relation to the CCI savings. Are the phasing of those cost savings this year more backend loaded? And then I believe they were more backend loaded in 2015. So is that what's really helping drive the stronger gross margin performance here early in the year?
Mike Smith: Hey, Chris. This is Mike Smith. They are more evenly weighted this year. Last year, they were really back loaded because as the year built, we identified more savings opportunities. We also had the North American effectiveness initiative, which really hit in the second half of last year, but you will see a more balanced deal this year.
Chris Growe: So, with those savings being more backend loaded last year, this should help support a stronger gross margin at least early in the year it would seem.
Mike Smith: Yeah. Our gross margin should be consistently up in that 50 to 100 basis point range for the year.
Chris Growe: Okay, that's very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Rob Dickerson with Consumer Edge Research. Please go ahead with your question.
Rob Dickerson: Thanks a lot. I just have one question and two quick clarifications. The first one is for free cash flow for the year, I don't believe you've given a target and, if not, can you? That's one. And then just any commentary around the cadence of free cash flow build throughout the year given the increase in your inventory policy.
Gordon Stetz: We have not given a target. Obviously, we have some aggressive programs that we spoke about earlier under Lawrence's leadership, he has certainly elevated internally with targets that were cascading internally, but I would say that we are expectation wise in line with the net income growth that were forecasting and projecting with benefits coming through various levers that were focused on in the working capital side. So I know that's not as specific as you would like, but we certainly have a focus on increasing our cash flow, year-over-year this year.
Rob Dickerson: Okay, fair enough. And then two quick ones. On income from unconsolidated, I think at year-end, you said that was down slightly and now it's about flat year-over-year, is that just from currency or is there something else there. And then also just, I want to make sure I heard correctly, you said the operating income year-over-year growth for the industrial segment should be in line with total company, which is 60%, including FX. Just want to make sure that that's right.
Lawrence Kurzius: Hey, Rob. I'll take the unconsolidated and I'll pass it to Gordon for the industrial question, but income from unconsolidated operations is definitely an FX matter. The underlying businesses in local currencies are all doing very well.
Gordon Stetz: As it relates to the industrial business, were very, very pleased with the start, but as I said in my remarks, we expect the full year number to be in line with the total year guidance for the total company and that's primarily a function of customer order patterns and mix that can vary quarter-to-quarter. So we're just giving people a heads-up that while we are very, very pleased with the start that at times that can change based on timing of promotions and things by our customers. 
Rob Dickerson: Okay, great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead with your question
Eric Katzman: Hi, good morning. I guess the first little more specific question on the fiscal second quarter, if the new product introductions were deferred to the second quarter and you are going to have some offset due to A&P spending, I guess all else equal, should sales be a bit stronger in the second quarter with those launches?
Gordon Stetz: I'd say Eric, we haven't given specific sales growth guidance, but it wouldn't be out of line with say the full-year guidance, I would say.
Eric Katzman: Okay. And then just maybe a bigger picture question on the Industrial. You've been doing better there with the margins for a while now. And I guess having followed the company for a long time; you've talked a lot about improving the mix and the technical capabilities and winning new contracts on the back of the Industrial segment. And it seems to me that maybe the best way to judge that is the margins because the more technically advanced the products are, the more likely you are to get a better margin for them. And so, is there a percentage margin that you are looking at for that segment that will suggest let's say that you're closer to some of your competitors like an IFF and others who seem to generate a higher margin in that business? And I'll pass it on. Thanks.
Gordon Stetz: Hi, Eric. This is Gordon. You obviously have followed us a long time so you know there was a time period where we had put out a specific margin target for that business, 8% to 10%. We didn't talk about that as much during rising commodity costs, because the pass-through mechanisms on that side of the business mask what was really good underlying performance at the time, to the tune of almost 200 basis points. We haven't put out a specific target, but I can say the progress that we've made in the margin story there is very, very pleasing to us. So it just demonstrates to us that strategy that we have in place with the portfolio of products that were focusing on, the acquisition of Brand Aromatics are all the types of things that we have always worked towards in our strategy. So we hope to just continue that journey and I can't tell you there is a specific endpoint at this stage. 
Eric Katzman: Okay. If I can just follow up on one thing. Just remind me, Gordon, your pension here -- or I guess globally I should say -- your pension is -- is that overfunded or I mean I know it's always been very conservative, but -- and your accounting on it is pretty conservative. But where is your pension today relative to its funding needs?
Gordon Stetz: On an ABO basis, which is the accumulative benefit obligation, it's pretty much fully funded. We have minimal contributions to make to that plan in the US this year. So it's very much within our guidelines and we expect minimal pension contributions this year.
Eric Katzman: Okay, thought so. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Robert Moskow: Hi, thanks. I guess just one last question about margins on the consumer side. Historically, your margins in consumer were around 19%. And I guess the way I would tell the story is over the last couple of years, you've made a bigger investment in your consumer business to become more competitive with maybe lower price competition and now the margins in the mid-17% at least it was last year. When you think about what's possible going forward now that you've raised your CCI targets, do you think about maybe those margins getting up towards 19% again? Or do you really not think about it on a quantitative basis, it's really just a matter of driving the top line and then as your competitive position improves just the profit grows? Just wanted to know how you thought about it.
Lawrence Kurzius: Well, Rob, this is Lawrence. I will -- and good morning, by the way. Part of the -- we haven't set a target for the margins on that business that we communicated externally, but we certainly believe that there is upside to those margins for two reasons. First, in a more benign commodity environment, our CCI efforts are better able to drop to the bottom line. Our goal on CCI is to provide fuel for growth, but a portion of the CCI is always expected to support bottom-line growth and so that would go straight to your margin question.  Second is as our US consumer business returns to growth that of course is one of the highest margin businesses and largest businesses in our portfolio and with return to growth, it mixes up the whole consumer business.
Robert Moskow: Very good, okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. I would now like to turn the floor back to Lawrence Kurzius for closing remarks.
Lawrence Kurzius: Well, thanks everyone for your questions and for participating on today's call. We are excited about our growth strategies and plans underway in 2016 to build on our base business, accelerate innovation, expand availability and footprint of our business and excel in customer intimacy and consumer insights. Our acquisition pipeline is robust and we have aggressive cost savings programs underway, all driven by McCormicks experienced leaders and engaged employees. Thanks for your attention this morning.
Joyce Brooks: Thanks, Lawrence and thanks to everyone for joining us today. If you have any questions regarding today's information, please give us a call at 410-771-7244. That concludes this morning's conference.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-01-28 07:30:00) =====
Executives: Joyce Brooks  Vice President, Investor Relations Alan Wilson  Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Lawrence Kurzius  President, Chief Operating Officer & Director Gordon Stetz  Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive VP Michael Smith  Senior Vice President, Corporate Finance
Analysts: Alexia Howard  Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Robert Moskow  Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Akshay Jagdale  Jefferies LLC Christopher Growe  Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Brett Hundley - BB&T Capital Markets
Joyce Brooks: Good morning. This is Joyce Brooks, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you for joining today's call for a discussion of McCormick's Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2015 Financial Results and our Outlook for 2016. To accompany our call, we've posted a set of slides at ir.mccormick.com. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following our remarks, we will begin a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] With me this morning are Alan Wilson, Chairman and CEO; Lawrence Kurzius, President and Chief Operating Officer; Gordon Stetz, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Mike Smith, Senior Vice President, Corporate Finance. During our remarks, we will refer to non-GAAP financial measures. These include adjusted operating income and adjusted earnings per share that exclude the impact of special charges as well as information in constant currency. Reconciliations to the GAAP results are included in this morning's press release and slides. As a reminder, today's presentation contains projections and other forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from those projected. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events, or other factors. As seen on slide two, our forward-looking statement also provides information on risk factors that could affect our financial results. It's now my pleasure to turn the discussions over to Alan.
Alan Wilson: Thank you, Joyce. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. As many of you know, we announced back in early December that effective February 1, I'll be transitioning to the role of Executive Chairman and Lawrence will be promoted to President and CEO. This is the next step in a well-planned succession that we, together with our board, take a lot of pride in at McCormick. I am pleased to be transitioning from my role as CEO at this time. One of my conditions in stepping down was to have the company in great shape with strong financial performance and forward momentum. With our 2015 results and accomplishments and a bullish outlook for 2016, I am very excited about our prospects. Our success is being driven by a clear strategy for growth, a great board and leadership team, and more than 10,000 highly engaged McCormick employees. I want to recognize and thank our employees around the world for their dedication, efforts and achievements. On a personal note, I've enjoyed my many interactions with investors and analysts during my time as CEO at conferences and one-on-one meetings and other events. While the main focus of these discussions was your questions about McCormick, I've gotten just as much out of our time together receiving feedback and gaining industry insights that helped to shape our strategy and message. I want to let you know how much I've appreciated your support and perspective. As I turn it over to Lawrence, I want to assure you that I'm confident in his knowledge, experience and ability to lead McCormick into the next period of growth as we continue to build shareholder value. Lawrence?
Lawrence Kurzius: Thank you, Alan, for those remarks and for your confidence. On behalf of McCormick shareholders and employees, I want to recognize Alan for his outstanding leadership as CEO of this great company. During your time as CEO, we've grown sales by $1 billion to $4.3 billion, completed 11 acquisitions, and expanded our geographic presence taking our percentage of sales in emerging markets to 17% from 7%. Since 2007, we have doubled our brand marketing expense, invested in R&D and consumer analytics, and created fuel for growth with nearly $450 million in cost savings led by your Comprehensive Continuous Improvement program that you and Gordon established. Cash flow from operations is now nearly $600 million, up from $225 million in 2007. The stock price has more than doubled. And our quarterly dividend is now $0.43 per share, up from $0.20 per share. This is an enviable track record. Congratulations, and we look forward to your continued participation as Executive Chairman. In other leadership news, effective January 1, Malcolm Swift was named President, Global Industrial Segment and McCormick International, adding responsibility for China to his role. Brendan Foley assumed responsibility for the strategic leadership of our Consumer business from me and is named President, Global Consumer Segment and North America. In these roles reporting to me, Brendan and Malcolm will set the strategic and operational goals for our Consumer and Industrial businesses, respectively, as well as assess performance of the segment leaders in each geographic region against these goals. In addition, Brendan will have geographic responsibility for our North American markets and Malcolm for our international markets. Let's move next to fourth quarter performance. Financial results for this quarter demonstrated that consumer demand for flavor is strong and on the rise and that McCormick has the strategies and the team to drive growth. We had great performance across both segments, and we're particularly pleased with the progress in our U.S. consumer business. The actions we have under way in 2014 and 2015 have led to improved results, and we have good momentum heading into 2016. For the total company, we reported 2% sales growth. In constant currency, we grew sales 8% with higher volume and product mix in our base business contributing half of this increase. We grew consumer segment sales 6% in constant currency with about half of the increase from our base business and half from our acquisitions of Drogheria & Alimentari and Stubb's. In the Americas, the constant currency sales increase was 3% with Stubb's adding about a one-third of this growth. We're pleased with our results in this period and the further improvement in our U.S. business. In this market, year-on-year category growth for spices and seasonings remains robust at 5% in the quarter. At 4%, retail takeaway for the McCormick brand was close to the category increase. As seen on slide seven, we have achieved a sequential increase from 2% growth in the third quarter and 1% in the second quarter. We had a number of initiatives driving this performance. We launched our digital purity campaign this quarter with the message, Pure Tastes Better, to emphasize to consumers the quality of our products, and we continue to help consumers prepare flavorful, healthy meals at www.mccormick.com which is now one of the top 50 most visited food and lifestyle sites. Across all of our U.S. websites, we attracted a record 32 million visitors in 2015, up 19% from 2014. Within the spice and seasoning category is our premium Gourmet line. Our 2015 relaunch of this line has been a real success. Since the rollout of the packaging innovation and new varieties, retail sales are up 5%. And armed with greater category analytics and insights, we had workshop discussions with our top customers on ways to optimize product assortment, pricing and promotion for the spice and seasoning category. For customers that have already taken action based on these discussions, we grew our category share of 60 basis points on average during the fourth quarter. At some of these customers, category unit volume was up more than 5%. These are great results for our spice and seasoning business. Our investment in brand equity building, strong innovation, and to this, customer interaction with more robust tools is the way forward for us. As we move into 2016, this work transitions from being a turnaround effort to our everyday approach in building value for our customers and for McCormick. As for our next largest U.S. category, recipe mixes, November 2015 capped off 26 consecutive months of share gains in this category. We are driving these gains with brand equity building and product innovation like gluten-free items, skillet sauces and slow cooker sauces. Through these efforts, our branded sales accounted for more than 100% of the category growth in both 2014 and 2015. Our consumer business team in Europe, Middle East and Africa, EMEA, continues to post impressive results led by new distribution in Poland. France also contributed to this increase with higher advertising including new product support. In 2015, we launched a distinctive line of origin-specific pure ground Black Pepper that was just named New Product of the Year by the French Product Society. In constant currency, we grew sales in China 5% in the fourth quarter with some impact from distributors that held back on purchases in anticipation of Chinese New Year promotions in the first quarter of 2016. For the fiscal year, we grew China consumer sales 12% in constant currency. With nearly two months complete, our China consumer business is off to a strong start. And for the fiscal year, we expect to achieve constant currency sales growth in the high-single-digit to low-double-digit range. We see opportunities for further growth of our consumer business in China, especially with the cross-selling of McCormick brand and WAPC brand products. While we are certainly cautious given the current economic environment, keep in mind that our products are a staple in Chinese cooking. And McCormick has a good penetration in traditional markets and other channels, with modern trade accounting for about 20% of consumer sales in this market. Turning to the industrial segment, our sales growth was particularly strong in the fourth quarter from the year-ago period, up 11% in constant currency. This increase was broad-based with double-digit growth in each of our three regions. While the addition of Brand Aromatics contributed to this increase with exceptional growth in our base business with sales up 9%. Leading our industrial performance again this quarter with constant currency sales up 14% was our team in EMEA. In this region, the greatest growth is with quick-service restaurants through product expansion, distribution gains and their geographic expansion. In the Americas region, a double-digit constant currency sales increase included 7% added by our base business. In the U.S., our branded food service business had a good quarter and sales to quick-service restaurants showed some improvement from prior periods. It's nearly one year since we acquired Brand Aromatics, and we're pleased with the early results from this business. Mexico also contributed to the increase in this region with higher sales of snack seasonings. In Australia, we grew sales of new industrial products that are shipped from this region mainly to quick-service restaurants in the region. In China, we have seen a turnaround from the year ago period for our industrial segment, but are also monitoring the macroeconomic impact on this part of our business heading into 2016. In the fourth quarter of 2015, we had a strong finish to the year with constant currency sales up at a double-digit rate including some wins for limited-time menu items through our quick-service restaurant customers. Across both segments, we expected strong fourth quarter sales growth, and our teams around the world delivered. Fourth quarter profit results were generally in line with our outlook for the quarter. On a constant currency basis, we grew adjusted operating income 10%, and on a reported basis, operating income margin rose 70 basis points. The margin increase was led by the performance in our industrial segment which reached adjusted operating income margin of 11% this quarter, up 350 basis points from the year ago period. We're making great progress from our work to shift the portfolio to more value-added products largely through innovation and from the addition of Brand Aromatics. Also driving margin improvement are our cost savings efforts and the benefits of greater scale in our operations with higher production volume. Consumer segment adjusted operating income margin declined slightly from the fourth quarter of 2014. We increased brand marketing for this segment 11% this period to build momentum heading into 2016. This rate of increase was well ahead of our 1% reported sales growth for this segment and more than accounted for the lower margin with a 90-basis-point impact. This segment also benefited from our progress with cost savings. As you saw in this morning's press release and as we guided, adjusted earnings per share was up just slightly from the fourth quarter of 2014 due in part to unfavorable currency rates and a benefit in the year-ago period from favorable discrete tax items. Overall, we're pleased with these fourth quarter results and a strong finish to the year. I'd like to comment next on fiscal year 2015 in total starting with our top line increase of 6% in constant currency. In our consumer segment, we achieved a turnaround in our base sales in the U.S. and strong performance in international markets. Industrial sales ended the year up 7% in constant currency and excluding acquisitions. In addition, we completed three great bolt-on acquisitions that contributed about 1% to higher sales. China became our number two market with robust sales growth of 11% in constant currency. New products launched in the last three years comprised 8% of sales this year. As in past years, this contribution from new products supports our long-term sales growth algorithm which is one-third of our top line growth coming from innovation. Health and wellness continues to drive our innovation agenda. In addition to developing winning flavors for our industrial customers, globally, approximately 40% of new product briefs also had some type of wellness attribute. In mid-2015, the USDA first recommended spices and herbs as a way to reduce sodium in the diet in recommendations to school nutritionists and to adults over 65. And in early January, this recommendation made its way into the new 2015-2020 Dietary Guidelines for Americans. This is consistent with university research study sponsored by the McCormick Science Institute and great news for McCormick. We delivered record cost savings of $98 million in 2015, up 42% from 2014. While this provided an important offset to higher material costs, we also increased our investment in brand marketing with a 6% increase. Digital marketing is one of our highest-return investments in brand marketing. And in 2015, we continued our shift of marketing spend in this direction reaching approximately 40% of our advertising spend up from 10% in 2010. We've established a leadership position in digital and e-commerce and this was recently recognized by Amazon, which named McCormick Supplier of the Year for grocery, and by L2 with a number 5 ranking of McCormick brand in its digital IQ Index, number 5 out of 114 U.S. food brands. While adjusted earnings per share of $3.48 was a 3% increase from $3.37 in 2014, we had an estimated 5% impact from unfavorable currency rates. We also overcame significant profit pressure this year from mid single-digit material cost inflation and higher retirement expense. The profit performance for our industrial segment was particularly impressive. In constant currency, adjusted operating income was up 24% due to 8% higher sales, cost savings, and a shift toward more value-added products including our Brand Aromatics acquisition. Adjusted operating income margin ended the year at 9.5%, up from 8.3% in 2014. Our joint ventures achieved great results led by another year of strong performance from McCormick de Mexico. Sales in local currency for this business rose 11% in 2015. In total, income from unconsolidated operations rose 25% and accounted for 9% of our net income this year. Cash flow from operations was also a record reaching $590 million, a significant increase from the prior high of $504 million in 2014 and driven mainly by working capital improvements. We had good balance on our uses of cash between investments and capital expenditures, acquisitions, share repurchases, and dividends. In November, McCormick's board approved our 30th consecutive annual increase in the quarterly dividend. Heading into 2016, we have strong momentum, effective growth initiatives, and a lot of excitement. I'll share our plans and outlook and Gordon will go into more in depth in our financial guidance. We continue to see strong alignment between our business and today's consumers that are seeking bolder flavors, exploring ethnic cuisine, buying more fresh ingredients, focused on wellness, and looking for convenience. Global category growth for our largest category, spices and seasonings, which accounts for about half of our consumer business sales remained robust at 7% in 2015 and Euromonitor projects annual sales growth of 5% globally through 2020. As the largest player in this category in our major markets, McCormick is on the leading edge of these trends with our Flavor Forecast, our product innovation, and our actions to renovate our core business such as the 2016 rollout of Non-GMO labeling for 70% of our U.S. spices, seasonings and extracts and our transition to 80% organic products within our gourmet line. We expect another year of 4% to 6% constant-currency sales growth with increases in our base business, incremental sales from new products and a carryover benefit from acquisitions completed in 2015. Our base business will be driven by the category growth of our consumer segment and increased demand for many of the products we flavor for our industrial customers, such as snacks and beverages. We continue to support the regional expansion of these customers as well. As an example, a new facility in Dubai will open later this year to establish a local source of supply in the Middle East. For our consumer segment, we're planning a further increase in brand marketing, approximately $20 million in support of our business in EMEA, our purity message in the U.S. and globally our digital programs. Our brand marketing will also build awareness and trial of new products. Early in 2016, we began the national U.S. rollout of the herb grinders we discussed on our October call. We're getting great retail acceptance. Other product introductions in the first half of the year include new Grill Mate (sic) [Grill Mates] (18:40) items including seasoning blends, marinade recipe mixes and a new line of liquid 30-minute marinade. Playing off of our Flavor Forecast, we're launching four new gourmet healthy blends such as citrus, chili, chia. In fact, in 2016, we have a total of 56 new products globally that tie in with the Flavor Forecast trends that we've identified. And in addition to new Zatarain's seasoned rice mix varieties, we're launching convenient portable rice cups. In international markets, we're rolling out Thai chili sauce in our squeezable pouch in China, new recipe mix varieties across Europe, great new baking decorations for our Vahin brand in France. And in Canada, consumers will be seeing herb grinders and liquid La Grille brand sauces on retail shelves. We're equally encouraged by solid pipeline of innovation for our industrial business, much of it in support of large multinational customers. We're also making inroads through new product wins with some rapidly-expanding restaurant chains. Going back to the factors affecting 2016 sales growth, I want to also comment on pricing. In 2015, pricing added about 1% to sales. Together with our cost savings, this helped offset a mid-single-digit increase in material costs. In 2016, we project low-single digit material cost inflation and plan on pricing to be a primary offset at a 1% to 2% rate, with the rate varying by operating unit. For example, in our consumer business in Canada, we executed a high-single-digit percentage increase in October to recover both material cost increases and an unfavorable currency impact. In the U.S. consumer business, we recently announced a 2016 price increase. We leveraged our category management tools with a more data-driven approach to by-item increases. Across this business, the average sales impact is a low-single-digit percentage increase, and we expect minimal volume impact. Across all of our operations around the world, we believe we have the right actions underway in 2016, innovation, brand-building, pricing, with the right tools and the right team to drive sales growth. Employees throughout McCormick are also working to improve productivity, our fuel for growth. We have targeted another year of significant cost savings in 2016 with a goal to achieve at least $95 million. Work is well underway to deliver this amount which we expect to lead to higher gross profit margin and higher operating income margin for the year. However, we operate in what is a still challenging environment for many of our customers: food retailers in our consumer business and for our industrial business, packaged food and beverage companies as well as restaurants. Also, we expect some further profit pressure from currency, and as I indicated, material cost inflation. Excluding the unfavorable impact of currency, at the bottom line, we project a 9% to 11% increase in adjusted earnings per share from $3.48 in 2015. Gordon will provide more details on our outlook. But before I turn it over to him, let me summarize. Our 2015 results, including the improvements in our U.S. consumer business, demonstrates the alignment of our business with today's consumer and the effectiveness of our strategies. We are excited about our plans and potential for even greater growth in 2016, with new products, incremental marketing, distribution expansion opportunities and tools for better retail partnership. Our acquisition pipeline is strong, and we have aggressive cost savings programs underway and a culture of participation and high performance. McCormick's focus on growth, performance and people is driving success. It's now my pleasure to turn it over to Gordon. Gordon?
Gordon Stetz: Thanks, Lawrence, and good morning, everyone. I want to take a moment with McCormick's analysts and investors on the call to also recognize Alan for his strong leadership, his friendship and his accomplishments as CEO. It's been an honor and a privilege to be CFO during his tenure and to partner with Alan and the entire executive team, steering our strategy and organization and delivering high performance. And Lawrence, I'm looking forward to working with you when you step into this role on February 1, and that's this Monday in case you needed a reminder. Lawrence shared some initial remarks on our fourth quarter results, and we provided some financial details in this morning's press release and our accompanying slides. Given this background, I'll move through my remarks on the quarter quickly, make a few additional points and then finish with the details of our 2016 outlook. On a constant currency basis, the underlying growth in sales was a step-up from what we have seen year-to-date with an 8% increase that included 3% added by acquisitions. We had a full impact this quarter from Brand Aromatics and Drogheria & Alimentari and from Stubb's which was completed towards the end of the quarter. Slide 16 shows that the base business growth for both the consumer and industrial segments was driven mainly by volume, the result of our product innovation, increased brand marketing, expanded distribution, and regional presence and other business-building work with our customers. In the consumer segment, we had 3% constant currency sales growth in the Americas with about a one-third of the increase from Stubb's. Base business sales growth in this region was led by higher U.S. sales of spices and seasonings including Grill Mates and our Lawry's brand, as well as gourmet items and Hispanic products. We had good retail sell-through as Lawrence described and are encouraged with the trajectory of sales as we head into 2016. In EMEA, we continued to achieve strong sales performance, up 18% in constant currency. This increase was driven by D&A which added 11% to sales growth, expanded distribution in Poland, and our performance in France with new products and brand marketing. In constant currency, we grew consumer segment sales in China 5% as Lawrence described. And Australia had a high-single-digit sales increase from new distribution and new products in that market. We indicated last quarter that we were exiting some lower-margin product lines in our Kohinoor portfolio in India. In total, the constant currency sales decline in Kohinoor sales lowered our consumer business growth rate in the Asia Pacific region by 3 percentage points, more than accounting for the volume decline shown on slide 19. For the Consumer segment in total, our fourth quarter adjusted operating income was down 2% from the year-ago period. In constant currency, adjusted operating income rose 1% from the year-ago period with the impact of sales growth and cost savings more than offsetting the unfavorable impact of material costs and benefit expense. Turning to our Industrial segment, we had excellent results this quarter in both sales and profit even with unfavorable currency rates, and as Lawrence indicated, this business reached an 11% adjusted operating income margin as the result of our CCI program, scale from higher sales and shift to more value-added products, including the addition of Brand Aromatics. On slide 22, sales of Brand Aromatics contributed 4% to our growth in the Americas. Higher base business volume and product mix this quarter versus the year-ago period was led by U.S. sales of branded food service products as well customized flavor solutions. Mexico also contributed to the increase with sales of seasonings largely for snack products. Our Industrial business in EMEA capped off an impressive year with constant currency sales up 14% in the fourth quarter. We are a trusted and valued supplier, supporting the growth and geographic expansion of leading quick service restaurants and food manufacturers in this region. We grew Industrial segment sales in the Asia Pacific region 11% in constant currency. In China, we are benefiting from further recovery in demand from quick service restaurants. And in Australia, our growth includes new products wins with these customers. Adjusted operating income for the Industrial segment rose 52% from the fourth quarter of 2014. In constant currency, the growth was even greater at 62% with the factors I already mentioned as spelled out on slide 25. Across both segments, adjusted operating income, which excludes special charges, rose 6%. If we also exclude the impact of unfavorable currency, we grew adjusted operating income by 10%. In a turnaround from the three previous quarters, gross profit margin was up year-on-year in the fourth quarter with a 30 basis-point increase. As we moved into the fourth quarter, we had the full benefit of our cost savings and pricing actions along with the benefit of higher sales and higher throughput in our plants. These factors were offset in part by the significant sales increase this period by our Industrial segment which has a lower gross profit margin than our Consumer segment. As a percentage of net sales, our selling, general and administrative expense was down 40 basis points as a result of our cost savings activity and leverage with higher sales. This includes a 13% fourth quarter increase in brand marketing from the year-ago period. Below the operating income line, the tax rate this quarter was 29.9%, a bit above our 29% guidance and a significant increase from 25.9% in the fourth quarter of 2014 when we had the benefit of discrete tax items. For the 2015 fiscal year, our tax rate was impacted by several favorable discrete items and ended the year at 26.5%. As we head into 2016, we anticipate a tax rate of approximately 28%. Despite an unfavorable currency impact for our joint venture in Mexico, income from unconsolidated operations rose slight this quarter. However, underlying growth remained quite strong with sales for McCormick de Mexico up 10% in local currency. At the bottom line, fourth quarter 2015 adjusted earnings per share was $1.18, up $0.02 from the year-ago period, mainly due to higher adjusted operating income, partly offset by the higher tax rate. This result included an unfavorable impact from currency on both consolidated and unconsolidated income. Turning next to slide 30, we've summarized highlights for cash flow and the quarter-end balance sheet. As Lawrence shared, our year-to-date cash flow from operations was a record $590 million compared to $504 million in the year-ago period, mainly due to working capital improvements. In 2015, we returned $351 million of cash to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. While dividend payments were up 6%, share repurchases were down from 2014 because of our acquisition activity. Our share repurchases in 2015 contributed to a 1.4% reduction in diluted shares, and we have $567 million remaining on our current $600 million authorization. During the fourth quarter, we completed a previous $400 million share repurchase program authorized in April of 2013. In the absence of any acquisitions in 2016, we expect to lower our share count by approximately 2%. During the quarter, we were pleased to complete the issuance of $250 million of 10-year notes at a 3.25% rate in anticipation of long-term debt that was maturing. At year end, our debt to adjusted EBITDA was slightly above our target range of 1.5% to 1.8%, following the financing of our three acquisitions completed in 2015. Our balance sheet remains sound. We are generating strong cash flow and we are well-positioned to fund future investments to drive growth. Building on Lawrence's remarks, I'll wrap up with our outlook for continued momentum in sales and profit growth in fiscal year 2016. We anticipate increases in sales, adjusted operating income, and adjusted earnings per share that are at or above our long-term objectives, excluding the impact of currency exchange rates. Our current projections are based on prevailing rates, and given the level of currency volatility in the market, we will be updating this outlook for you each quarter. We expect to grow sales 4% to 6% in constant currency. This includes a carryover benefit of 1% to 2% from acquisitions completed in 2015, and higher pricing at 1% to 2%. Based on prevailing rates, we estimate an unfavorable impact from currency of about 4 percentage points, which will lower this range to 0% to 2% on a reported basis. Excluding the impact of currency, our projected increase in adjusted operating income is 9% to 11% from adjusted operating income of $614 million in 2015. Currency is expected to lower this range by about 4 percentage points to 5% to 7%. We expect to drive this increase from higher sales and at least $95 million in cost savings, savings that include our CCI program and some carryover benefit from previously announced organization and streamlining actions. Our guidance also includes plans for an increase in brand marketing of at least $20 million and our projection for low-single-digit material cost inflation that we should more than offset with our pricing actions and cost reductions. Our guidance for adjusted earnings per share is $3.65 to $3.72. Excluding the estimated four-percentage-point impact of unfavorable currency rates, this is an increase of 9% to 11% from adjusted earnings per share of $3.48 in 2015. This growth rate is in line with our long-term objective. Some of the other puts and takes behind this projected growth rate are favorable impacts of higher operating income and further reduction of shares outstanding in the absence of acquisition activity. Expected offsets include the unfavorable currency impact as well as a higher tax rate. Due to the unfavorable impact of currency rates and material cost inflation for our joint venture in Mexico, our 2016 income from unconsolidated operations is likely to be down slightly from 2015. For the first quarter of 2016, there are several factors that will have an unfavorable impact on our earnings per share. First, we anticipate an impact from currency in the first quarter that could be above the annual estimate, since we will not have yet lapped the larger increases in 2015. Second, we have plans to kick off 2016 with an up-spend in brand marketing to support our core business as well as new product launches. In addition, we expect a higher year-on-year tax rate. Recall that in the first quarter of 2015, the tax rate was 24.8% as the result of discrete tax items. As a result, EPS in the first quarter of 2016 is expected to be down slightly from $0.70 of adjusted EPS in the first quarter of 2015. For the fiscal year 2016, we expect another year of strong cash flow. This will provide funding for share repurchases and a quarterly dividend increase from $0.40 to $0.43 approved by the board in November. We also have plans for an increased level of capital expenditures in 2016 of $150 million to $160 million. This is up slightly from our normal run rate of 3% of sales and includes a larger manufacturing plant in Shanghai where we have outgrown our current facility. That completes my remarks on our 2016 outlook. So let's open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Our first question is from the line of Alexia Howard with Bernstein. Please proceed with your question.
Alexia Howard: Hi, everyone.
Gordon Stetz: Good morning.
Lawrence Kurzius: Good morning.
Alan Wilson: Good morning, Alexia.
Alexia Howard: Hello there. So can I ask on the U.S. Consumer business? It sounds as though it's on a better trajectory in terms of market share. Does that mean that those smaller brands that have been plaguing you for the last 18 months or so are kind of now, I guess, stabilizing or actually going back? I just want to hear about how things are going on a category management front. Thank you.
Alan Wilson: All right. Thank you, Alexia. We think we're making great progress with the improvement actions that we started in the early part of 2014 to build brand equity, accelerate innovation, and to win at retail. We really think that we've gotten a good handle on this. We have worked with our leading customers with our new tools on both category management, assortment management, and pricing management. And we think that we've made a great deal of progress and really have some positive momentum building in this part of our business. In many of the subcomponents of the category, we're clearly gaining share and with many of the individual customers, we're gaining share as well. So we think we turned the corner on the problem and are in a position to build from a base of strength that's been established by some of the heavy lifting done over the last two years.
Alexia Howard: Great. And then as a quick follow-up, it looked as though you had very good net price realization on your U.S. Consumer business this time. I'm assuming that was a positive mix shift with less pressure from the world markets season brand this time around. And yet the profits were only up modestly and gross margin didn't move too much. Were there other offsets in there that put pressure on the performance this time around? Thank you. And I'll pass it on.
Gordon Stetz: Yes. I mean, there was no pricing again in the U.S. business that we took this year. So part of it was mix, part of it was some of the noise in the data associated with some of the actions we took with the weighting of some of our products. But, generally, we're in a position, as Lawrence said, to be able to execute pricing in that business as we've mentioned in our conference call. We had some acquisition-related cost in the U.S. Consumer side of things related to Stubb's. So some of the profit realization was impacted by that. And in total, the gross margin improved. We are continuing to spend up against our brand. You saw the increase in brand marketing of $9 million in the quarter. That's pretty substantial. So we think that's important as well to build the business for the future. So that also was impactful on the quarter in terms of profit realization.
Alexia Howard: Great. Thank you very much and congratulations on the CEO transition. Looking forward to working with you, and great working with you in the past, Alan.
Alan Wilson: Thank you.
Lawrence Kurzius: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line Robert Moskow of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead with your question.
Robert Moskow: Hi. Thank you.
Alan Wilson: Good morning, Rob.
Robert Moskow: It's really good to see the progress in North America, but you did say that you're going to initiate some pricing for 2016. I think you said very low single-digit across. Can you give us a little more color on what parts of the business you're going to implement that pricing on? And also talk about  a lot of grocers, I think, are worried more about deflation and investors are worried about it, too. You seem to still have inflation in your system. How will your base pricing actions be in relation to competition? And then also private label, do you expect your competition in private label to also increase by the same amount? Are they experiencing the same kind of inflation on packaging and materials that you're experiencing? Thanks.
Alan Wilson: Sure, Rob. First of all, we have not taken any pricing action in the U.S. for the last two years while we address some of the fundamental challenges in that part of our business. But as we have worked with the price elasticity tools and have been able to model the category more robustly, we've identified many areas where there are opportunities for us to adjust our pricing. The price increase that we've planned in our U.S. business has really been worked through at quite a granular level on an item-by-item basis. Some items are moving down as well as some items moving up, but the net increase will be in the 1% to 2% range. This has already been taken to our customers, so this is out in the field right now. And we've gotten really no meaningful pushback on it at all. Our basket of commodities is different than the basket of commodities than most of our peer companies. And there's good cost justification for the increase that we're taking. It's really not around packaging. Packaging is actually kind of in a bit of a deflationary mode. It's more around some of our more iconic raw material. And we believe that the cost pressures around those iconic raw materials, if anything, we're better positioned than our direct competitors on those items due to our global sourcing capability. So our competitors would be feeling that same pressure as well.
Robert Moskow: That's helpful. And...
Michael Smith: Rob, this is Mike Smith. We have seen our competitors take pricing already in some cases, and we do think private label will move also.
Robert Moskow: Very helpful. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Akshay Jagdale with Jefferies. Please go ahead with your question.
Akshay Jagdale: Good morning, and congratulations again, Alan, on the career. And Lawrence, congrats on your appointment. Looking forward to it. So first question is just a follow-up on commodities. Can you specifically talk a little bit about pepper and what your expectation is that's embedded in your overall commodity outlook as far as pepper goes?
Michael Smith: Hi, Akshay. It's Mike Smith again. As you know, the price of pepper has risen over the past five years from about $1 a pound to $5 a pound spot, but we've seen a lot more planning over the last couple years and we see a stabilization in the price of pepper as we continue to work with farmers globally to increase acreage and increase yield. So those assumptions are built into our low-single-digit commodity price increase this year. So we think we've seen the peak. Hopefully, longer term it's a downward trend.
Akshay Jagdale: Perfect. And then just on North America, you mentioned share gains in the customer accounts where they've implemented most of the changes you've suggested. What percentage of your sales did those customers account for roughly? And can you just help us understand sort of the dialog that the pushback perhaps that you're getting there and maybe what your argument is when you do get that pushback? I mean, one of the arguments that we've heard is just generally there's more fragmentation of share across many categories and that's perhaps driven by consumers wanting more choice than more sort of smaller authentic brands, but we'd love to know sort of what your category management analysis is telling you. And then if you could give us some sense of the customers that you are seeing success, how much of your portfolio they represent? That'll be great. Thank you.
Alan Wilson: Sure Akshay. I don't want to speak too specifically about any one customer. I will say that the basket of customers that we have approached now is roughly 50% of our volume and the set of recommendations that we make for those customers are quite extensive. As a group, there's quite a span of adoptions. So, some of those customers have literally taken on our full recommendation or as others have cherry-picked it a bit depending on their strategy. This is going to be an ongoing process. We're working with these customers to get the recommendations that we think are best for the category, which, generally, are also the best recommendation for us and as well accepted. And we continue to work with additional customers. This started as an extraordinary effort. It's really become our main way of working in sales. It's just a more fact-based, analytic-based approach to the customer that the more sophisticated customers, in particular, appreciate. And they tend to be the larger and faster-growing customers as well. You guys want to add anything to that?
Lawrence Kurzius: No. Well done.
Akshay Jagdale: I'll pass it on. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Growe with Stifel. Please go ahead with your questions.
Christopher Growe: Hi. Good morning.
Alan Wilson: Good morning, Chris.
Christopher Growe: I'd like to add my well wishes to you, Alan, and I look forward, as well, Lawrence, talking with you. So, I just had two quick questions. If you look at the quarter  I'm sorry, for the year, what sort of emerging market growth did you have? If you can give that maybe on an underlying basis, and I was just curious how India and China and maybe perhaps this is more of a fourth quarter question, really influence that growth rate?
Alan Wilson: Well, on a go-forward basis, we're still robust on China. We know there's a lot of discussion around China. We're obviously very aware of the economic discussion going on there but our own business we're anticipating that continues to do well. India, as you know, we've taken actions to focus more on the branded component of that business. So, as we look forward into 2016, we expect India actually to be a drag as we lap the anniversary of our exit of the broken and bulk rice. So, you'll see noise in the Asia Pacific numbers as we progress through the year where we'll try and help you understand what's going on in the mix of that business. But again, we anticipate China being a good performer and India as we have rebased that business, that will be a negative on the sales line.
Lawrence Kurzius: Chris, I want to just expand on China just a bit because it has grown to be such a large contributor to our total business. We're aware of the macroeconomic pressure around the China market, which does make us cautious, but we're also quite optimistic about our business in China. A great deal of the carnage that's happened around us has been more in the modern trade portion of the business. That part of our business is slow as well but it only accounts for about 20% of our consumer business in China. Much more of our business in particular, thanks to the acquisition that we did a couple of years ago is more directed to the interior, to the smaller cities and through a more traditional trade outlet. So, we have continued to experience quite robust growth of our consumer business in China. For the year, we were up I think 11% in China in 2015. It was a little bit slower in the fourth quarter, but some of that was some anticipation of the Chinese New Year promotions that were coming beginning in December, which for us is fiscal 2016. I don't want to comment too much on 2016 but the opening of our year in China on the consumer side of our business has been really quite strong. And I focus my remarks on the consumer side because for us China has really become predominantly a consumer business. Years ago, China was more of an industrial business for us, and that's how we got our foothold there. But with the continued growth of our consumer business and with the addition of the acquisition we did a couple of years ago, that business is now more [indiscernible] about two-thirds consumer.
Christopher Growe: Okay. That's very helpful. Maybe along the same lines, I just was curious about...
Lawrence Kurzius: I was just there with the China team last week and met with the management over there. Actually, Alan and I went over as part of our internal transition communication. And so, it gave us an opportunity to meet firsthand with the China team and they continue to be quite optimistic.
Christopher Growe: That's great. Thank you for the color. Just a quick follow-up on the acquisition outlook and just get a sense of like the pipeline and really where you are focused today. Are you seeing any opportunities given some of the macroeconomic uncertainties in emerging markets? Just curious how the pipeline looks here today.
Lawrence Kurzius: I'll say that we always have an active pipeline of acquisition project, and we're always in dialogue with some potential targets. And that is the case today, but I really can't say too much more than that.
Christopher Growe: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Brett Hundley with BB&T. Please go ahead with your questions.
Brett Hundley: Hey. Good morning, gentlemen, and Alan and Lawrence, congratulations to you both. I don't know what they're doing with all that mayonnaise in Mexico, but it's good to see. Gordon, I have a few questions for you around your cost savings program for 2016, your outlook there. So, I'm curious on how the achievement of your cost savings in 2016 fits into your guidance range. Should we just think about that as kind of in the middle of the guidance range? And then, as far as, thinking about the net benefit to earnings, should I be thinking about something like a net $75 million benefit to earnings just from taking the $20 million add-in spend that you might have on the marketing side and then you're going to have pricing mostly covering input cost inflation, is that the right way to think about it?
Gordon Stetz: Well, in terms of the program itself and the realization, I would say, I'd put it this way, in 2016, our anticipation of the use of those benefit is more in line with how we had hoped the program would run, which means we'd have a portion of it read through into reinvestment in the brands, which we indicated we're doing through the up spend of $20 million plus. It will also blend partially some of the pricing, and obviously we have other costs in our system as well as it relates to salary increases, et cetera, that are built into our forecast. So, I'd just say the combination of all those things end up feeding into the total outlook that we have. I prefer not to parse about how much of it's going to go to the bottom line, how much of its used. But the net-net is obviously an improvement in margin structure that we had hoped that this program would generate both on the gross and operating income line.
Brett Hundley: And should we still think about a bigger piece of that pie coming from the gross margin line, or would you see more cost benefits in the future coming from the SG&A line?
Gordon Stetz: We're still more heavily weighted towards the cost of goods sold as a generator of these savings. But, obviously, we continue to look at SG&A and we took actions last year, and we're looking to leverage our SG&A structure as we grow.
Brett Hundley: Okay. And then just a final question for me on the industrial business, really solid growth during the quarter, a really solid margin. And I wanted to ask a question surrounding either driving margins higher or sustaining some of the margin that you saw in Q4 just given the growth profile and potential of the top-line there. If you can somewhat close the gap on your margins relative to your consumer business, I think it can really be a positive for you guys going forward. And I'm curious on how that margin sustainability or even growth from here works, whether it's something that's solely related to mix or if there's some production optimization in there as well. And I think what I'm really trying to get at here is, when you think about the ingredients industry and the move by a lot of food and beverage companies towards natural, I think it can really help you guys from a volume standpoint as more and more people use spices and herbs, whether it's for coloring, flavoring, et cetera. But if you can move up the value chain, say for maybe a bulk spice and herb towards an extract or something like that, maybe you can benefit on the price side and the margin side as well. And so, I wanted to ask a question about how the growth or sustainability in margin improvement within industrial goes going forward? Thank you.
Lawrence Kurzius: Hey, Brett, this is Lawrence. I'll start and then I'm going to pass this over to Gordon. Some parts of your question, it sounded like you are reading out of some of our internal strategy document. Certainly, improving the product mix and moving towards flavors and more value-added technically differentiated product is part of the margin equation, and the overall trend in our industry towards more natural, less artificial is an important driver of volume for us because this is an area where we think that we got particular expertise. I think in our remarks, we indicated that about 40% of the briefs that we get from our customers include some wellness aspect and this is an area that is an opportunity for us to get leverage and is part of driving our margins higher. And there are parts of our business that are higher margin than others, and the flavor end and the more technically differentiated end is separately where the best opportunities are. Gordon, you want to elaborate on that?
Gordon Stetz: I would just add that, obviously, the CCI program for the industrial business is designed both to improve margin and to help us reinvest in R&D to help us drive the mix shift towards a higher margin. So, that's part of the equation as well.
Brett Hundley: And I'm sorry, but I mean just  Lawrence, is 11% a high watermark in your opinion?
Gordon Stetz: Well, this is Gordon jumping in. We haven't put a boundary on it candidly. For those of you who followed us for quite some time, 8% to 10% has been the goal. And as we went through periods of high inflation that gets interrupted because we have pass-through mechanisms that interrupt that margin improvement or at least mask the optics of it. But we're obviously close to that 10% where we landed years here, so it's not as if we put a ceiling on this. It's something that we continue to evaluate. And we'll look forward to improving that even still. But there hasn't been a specific target or ceiling that we put out on that business.
Brett Hundley: Okay. I'll yield the floor.
Joyce Brooks: Yeah. I think with another call coming up at 8:30, we probably have to end our Q&A there. And, Lawrence, I know you had some remarks to share. I'll turn it over to you.
Lawrence Kurzius: Great. First, I'd like to thank you all for your questions and to everyone who is on the call today, both the questioners and the listeners. Yeah, thank you for participating in today's call. Consumer demand for flavor is on the rise. It's driving growth for McCormick. Our geographic presence and product portfolio are expanding and aligned with the move towards healthier eating, fresh ingredients, ethnic cuisine, and bold taste. This is evident in our 2015 results and along with our strategies, gives us confidence in our 2016 outlook as we grow our business and build value for our shareholders. I hope all of you who are in the snow-impacted areas this weekend cooked a lot of McCormick Chili and a lot of Zatarain's Gumbo. Thank you all for your participation on the call.
Joyce Brooks: Thanks, Lawrence, and to everyone on the call. If anyone has additional questions regarding today's information, please give us a call at 410-771-7244. This concludes this morning's call.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-01 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Joyce Brooks - VP, IR Alan Wilson - Chairman and CEO Gordon Stetz - EVP and CFO Lawrence Kurzius - President and COO Mike Smith - SVP, Corporate Finance
Analysts: Andrew Lazar - Barclays Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein David Driscoll - Citigroup Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Brett Hundley - BB&T Capital Markets Jonathan Feeney - Athlos Research Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank
Joyce Brooks: Good morning. This is Joyce Brooks, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you for joining today's call for a discussion of McCormick's Third Quarter Financial Results and our current outlook for 2015. To accompany our call, we've posted a set of slides at ir.mccormick.com. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following our remarks, we'll begin our question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] With me this morning are Alan Wilson, Chairman and CEO; Lawrence Kurzius, President and Chief Operating Officer; Gordon Stetz, Executive Vice President and CFO and Mike Smith, Senior Vice President, Corporate Finance. During our remarks, we will refer to non-GAAP financial measures. These include adjusted operating income and adjusted earnings per share that exclude the impact of special charges as well as information in constant currency. Reconciliations to the GAAP results are included in this morning's press release and slides. As a reminder, today's presentation contains projections and other forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from those projected. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or other factors. As seen on Slide 2, our forward-looking statements also provide information on risk factors that could affect our financial results. It's now my pleasure to turn the discussion over to Alan.
Alan Wilson: Thank you, Joyce. Good morning, everyone and thanks for joining us. McCormicks third quarter and year-to-date financial performance reflect the effectiveness of our growth strategies and engagement of our employees around the world. With a mid single digit sales increase in constant currency on our base business and added momentum for our latest acquisitions, we're tracking well toward the upper end of our fiscal year 2015 sales growth targets. At the bottom line, despite some added headwinds, we still expect to deliver an increase in adjusted earnings per share for the fiscal year including the impact of the unfavorable currency. Taking a look at the third quarter, we had a particularly strong broad based increase at the topline, growing sales 7% in constant currency. We're driving this growth through innovation, brand marketing and the expansion of distribution and current consumer markets like Poland and Latin America and expanded support for our industrial customers as they move into new parts of Asia and the Middle East. The three acquisitions completed this year, the latest being Stubb's in August, are providing an added boost to McCormick sales and will have a full impact in the fourth quarter. I mentioned that some added 2015 headwinds and these specifically affected our third quarter profit results. In constant currency, adjusted operating income rose 1% from the year ago period, compared to a 4% increase through the first half. Kohinoor results lowered our growth rate by two percentage points. I'll come back to this topic in a minute. Aside from this impact, our strong sales in the savings related to our stepped up cost reduction programs are more than offsetting increases in material cost and employee benefit expenses. Moving to adjusted earnings per share, if you recall at the time of our call back in early July, we got into a double-digit decline from the year ago period. Due to a projected year-on-year increase in the tax rate resulting from the favorable discrete tax items in the third quarter of 2014, our guidance also anticipated some added pressure from currency. Our actual result for the quarter, excuse me, at $0.85 of adjusted earnings per share was down about 10% from the year ago period right in line with our guidance. We continue to generate strong cash flow and continue to have a balanced use of cash in 2015 with similar amounts invested in the business through acquisitions and return to McCormick shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Before I update you on our latest outlook, I want to recognize McCormick employees and our leadership team for their focus on growth, driving high performance and engaging in our success. Were one month into our fourth quarter and have a positive view for this last and largest quarter of fiscal year 2015. Gordon is going to provide some specific financial guidance, but let me share a few remarks. Given our year-to-date results and momentum and the added benefit of our acquisitions, were tracking toward the upper end of our 4% to 6% sales growth target. An important factor in this outlook is a continued strength in the category growth for spices and seasonings in the U.S. and our progress in improving our consumer business in this market. Lawrence will have more to share on this. We've a more conservative outlook for adjusted earnings per share than we had back in early July reflecting the impact of Kohinoor and the recent decline in the Mexican peso, which affects income from our McCormick to Mexico joint venture. We recognize our profit growth in 2015 is below our long-term target of 9% to 11%. But overall, we feel good about our performance this year and our ability to address these specific headwinds. As we shared in this mornings press release, weve raised our expected cost savings and will use this fuel for growth for more aggressive brand marketing support during the fourth quarter holiday period. Lets move on to my comments about Kohinoor. As many of you recall, in 2011 McCormick purchased a majority interest in India entering the basmati rice business with a strong category share, well established and extensive route to market and a great brand name. Our intent was to continue to drive the growth of basmati rice sales in India and use this business as a springboard into other branded products such as season rice mixes and herbs and spices. Since 2011, we built a capable leadership team, increased our distribution and introduced several new products. However certain parts of this business have led to underperformance. We recently made a decision to exit certain low margin product lines and bring greater focus to higher margin items and our expansion plans. This decision triggered a non-cash impairment charge and some additional cost recorded in the third quarter that Gordon will discuss. We continue to regard India as a compelling long-term growth market for McCormick. With this action, we expect to improve our Kohinoor business and with our other two joint ventures more fully participate in the enormous growth potential in this market. Let me circle back with a remark about our stepped up cost reduction programs. Across functions and in countries around the world, McCormick employees are working to lower cost and weve added leadership resources behind this effort. We now expect to deliver at least $75 million from our comprehensive continuous improvement program. This is an increase of $10 million from our initial guidance. Together with $20 million of projected savings from our streamlining actions, we now anticipate total cost savings of at least $95 million in 2015. This is a significant increase from last year's record $69 million in annual cost savings. Before I turn it over to Lawrence, I want to point to the strong momentum underway as we head into the fourth quarter and our 2016 fiscal year. My enthusiasm and confidence in this business starts with our advantage categories and engaged employees. Our products are on trend with today's consumer. Across nearly all of our markets, people are exploring new flavors, seeking fresh simple ingredients, focused on source and quality and working to improve their wellness. Keep these trends in mind as Lawrence provides a business update and you'll see how they continue to shape our growth strategies including innovation, brand positioning and acquisitions. Ill turn it over to Lawrence.
Lawrence Kurzius: Thank you Alan and good morning, everyone. Consumer trends are indeed setting our direction for both of our segments, consumer and industrial. Investors continue to be interested in progress of our U.S. consumer business, that will be the focus of my initial remarks and then I'll move on to several other key consumer markets followed by an update on McCormick's industrial business. For our U.S. consumer business, we've had actions underway to improve this business for nearly two years now that include accelerating innovation, building our brand equity and winning at retail. Our quarterly business results in 2015 are showing steady progress with these actions. Our largest category, spices and seasonings, remained strong with consumption up 5% during the third quarter. The same day that indicates we grew consumption of McCormick brands spices and seasonings 2% this period, which is the sequential improvement from a 1% increase in the second quarter. We'll continue to work toward a growth rate that is at parity with the category. Within this broader category, we are particularly pleased with the performance of our Gourmet line. We launched about six months ago consumption results for the fourth quarter show a 4% increase maintaining a strong pace we set last quarter. For recipe mixes, our next largest category, we achieved a 23rd consecutive month of share gain, driven by innovation and effective marketing for both new products and core items. Our Liquid McCormick Skillet Sauces in the market for a year now have reached a category share of 10% and continue to grow. During this period we also had standout sales results with Zatarains, Grillmates and Kitchen Basics. On the innovation front, we discussed most of our new second quarter products back in the July call including additional varieties of gluten-free recipe mixes, new slow cooker skillet sauces and Kitchen Basics stock cubes. Our latest breakthrough innovation is herb grinders, which are just starting to appear on retail shelves. Herb grinders conveniently deliver the flavor and aroma of fresh herbs. The herbs are in larger pieces and gently dried through a proprietary process that protects color and flavor. We're excited about the results of this product in consumer testing. Two thirds of consumers use the grinder every three days both before and during meal preparation as well as at the table. As you can appreciate, weve created a significant opportunity to convert consumers that currently purchase packaged fresh herbs to our new grinders. In building brand equity, our 2015 emphasis has been on easy ways to prepare healthy meals, new product news and freshness and purity. You'll be hearing a lot from us this quarter as brand marketing increased nearly 10% as planned across all markets for the portion here in the U.S. to support a new purity campaign. We're introducing a distinct consumer facing message on freshness and purity, one that lets consumers know the McCormick purchases the best spices and herbs from around the world. We know the origin and we control the quality. In a recent large industry recall of ground cumin we were able to reassure our consumers of the purity of McCormicks cumin. We also have additional news on wellness as it relates to our product. Last quarter, we shared with you that the U.S. Dietary Guidelines Advisory Committee recommended to the Federal Government that the 2015 dietary guidelines encouraged the use of spices and herbs as a flavor alternative to sodium. This summer the USDA issued a recommendation to school nutritionist to use herbs and spices for more appealing taste and as a way to reduce sodium. In fact the new tag line of their program is Spice It Up. Also for people 65 and older, the USDA recommended using spices and herbs to compensate for changes in the sense of smell and taste. While this is top of mind for a lot of consumers these days and many of them are equating this with certain attributes like gluten-free, non-GMO and organic. To continue to shape our product portfolio for the evolving consumer we've recently committed to labeling more than 70% of our McCormick brand spices, herbs and extracts in the U.S. non-GMO within one year. Appearing on retail shelves right now is our first product to carry the non-GMO designation, McCormick brand vanilla extract. In addition, by the end of 2016, 80% of our gourmet line will be organic, up from 10% today. This news is being well received by our consumers. We're eager to get these products in front of consumers and are continuing to evaluate related initiatives in the U.S. and other markets. In addition to high impact brand marketing messages, we need an effective means of delivery, which includes digital marketing. McCormick is not alone in this shift toward digital marketing as a better way to reach consumers and to achieve the higher ROI on our spending. In 2015, we're planning for digital marketing to reach one third of our global advertising, up from 11% in 2010. We put a lot of effort and resources into staying at the forefront of digital and eCommerce and these investments are paying off. I am proud to share that McCormick ranked number five out of 114 food brands in the U.S. market on L2s latest Digital IQ Index. This firm scores companies on several key factors including digital marketing presence and social media community size, content and engagement. The Digital IQ Index also considers eCommerce effectiveness. For the eCommerce channel, we're equally proud of the recent award from Amazon which named McCormick Supplier of The Year for grocery. Just as important, if not more so are our efforts and resources devoted to partnering with our retail customers. Slide 15 shows the timeline of activity that has been underway for about two years now and leading up to our latest investment in category management tools and resources. Compared to last year we have increased this investment fivefold focusing on price modeling and assortment optimization across our top categories. This quarter with an expanded team we're mobilizing our insights and tools to optimize sales and profit for us and for our customers. We're in the very early stage of this activity and just beginning to share insights with retail customers, I am excited about the potential for these new tools and customer discussions as we head into 2016. Another area of investor interest has been our consumer business in China. We continue to achieve double-digit constant currency sales growth in this market in contrast to some other consumer products companies. Given the broader impact of the economy on consumer retail purchases, to date our business has seen less of an impact and our leadership in China is cautiously optimistic. In our top three categories, average spend per household has continued to grow and McCormick is gaining share through brand marketing, in-store execution and continued geographic expansion including cross-selling of our McCormick brand in Central China following the acquisition of Wuhan Asia-Pacific Condiments. Moving to our Europe, Middle East and Africa region, EMEA, we had strong 18% constant currency sales growth in the third quarter, despite some challenging retail environment especially in the U.K. We achieved increases in both the U.K. and France with a significant increase in brand marketing and from innovation including grilling product and Vahine brand dessert items. In both Poland and Russia, the big driver has been expended distribution including with new retailers and our acquisition of Drogheria & Alimentari give a further boost to sales adding 11 percentage points of our increase. Turning now to our industrial business, I am going to start as I did last quarter with our results in the EMEA. The third quarter of 2015 marked another period of outstanding sales growth as our team in this market is winning on all fronts, particularly with quick service restaurants. We're winning with product innovation, distribution gains and supporting the geographic expansion of these customers. Likewise we're expanding into new markets align with the food manufacturers we supply, including the new facility we have under construction in the Middle East. In the Americas region, we had a solid performance but mixed results. The growth this quarter came from pricing, our Brand Aromatics acquisition and sales from our operation in Mexico. However these gains were partially offset by lower sales to quick service restaurant customers that are working through a period of weak consumer demand in the U.S. We're partnering with these customers on ways for them to drive their sales growth and are also selectively building relationship with other food service customers in the U.S. In our Asia Pacific Region, we had a strong increase in new industrial product shipped from our operation in Australia. In China, the recovery in base sales to quick service restaurants has continued from the year ago period and these customers were adversely impacted by consumer concerns regarding a quality issue from a supplier of protein. To wrap up my remarks, employees and business leaders throughout the company are driving our success. We had good momentum heading into the fourth quarter and beyond with new products, incremental marketing, distribution expansion opportunities and tools for a better retail partnership. Our acquisition pipeline is strong. We've aggressive cost saving programs underway and a culture of participation and high performance. Thank you. And its my pleasure to turn it over now to Gordon.
Gordon Stetz: Thanks Lawrence and good morning, everyone. As both Alan and Lawrence indicated, we had some very strong performance in parts of our business along with significant headwinds. Aside from the Kohinoor performance, our overall results were generally in line with the guidance we shared with you back in June. Lets start with a closer look at McCormicks third quarter sales and profit, followed by comments on our cash flow and balance sheet and then the details of our latest guidance. On a constant currency basis, the underlying growth in sales was a step up from what we've seen year-to-date with a 7% increase that included two percentage points from our acquisitions. Taking a look at our consumer business, Slide 21 shows that we grew third quarter consumer business sales 7% in constant currency, driven by higher volume and product mix for our base business as well as a full quarter of sales from the Drogheria & Alimentari acquisition and about two weeks of Stubb's. We grew sales in the Americas with our largest increases in recipe mixes, gourmets, Kitchen Basics and Zatarains in the U.S. Product innovation and brand marketing support particularly in digital as Lawrence described are driving these results. Were pleased with our progress based on the latest consumption data. Although still a small part of our business, sales in Latin America had another quarter of double-digit sales growth as we expand distribution across a number of markets from our production base in El Salvador. In EMEA we continue to achieve strong sales performance and had the added benefit of DNA sales this quarter. The core business growth was broad based with increases in each of our top markets driven by our higher brand marketing, our new product innovation and expanded distribution. In constant currency, we grew consumer business sales in the Asia Pacific Region, had a double-digit rate in both China and Australia again this quarter. In China sales of bullion products were particularly strong. In India, lower pricing more than offset a slight increase in volume and product mix. The consumer business in total our third quarter adjusted operating income was down from the year ago period. In constant currency adjusted operating income declined 3% from the year ago period with the impact of sales growth and cost savings offset by the unfavorable impact of material cost and benefit expense. In addition, operating income from Kohinoor was down $3 million from the third quarter of 2014. Turning to our industrial business, we grew third quarter sales a robust 8% in constant currency from the year ago period. This increase was led by higher volume and product mix followed by pricing actions taken in response to higher material costs and by sales of Brand Aromatics that we acquired earlier this year. As shown on Slide 27, sales of Brand Aromatics contributed 2.5 percentage points to our growth in the Americas. We also had higher pricing for total sales increase of 5% in constant currency. In the third quarter, strong sales from our operation in Mexico were largely offset by continued weakness in U.S. sales to quick service restaurant customers. Our industrial business in EMEA continues to post impressive growth with sales this period up 15% in constant currency, higher volume along with our CCI actions is driving greater profitability for this business too. As we indicated, this is the third year of exceptional performance as we support the growth and geographic expansion of leading quick service restaurants and food manufacturers in this region. We grew industrial business sales in the Asia Pacific region 12% in constant currency. In China, we are benefiting from further recovery in demand from quick service restaurants and in Australia, our growth includes new product wins with these customers. Adjusted operating income for the industrial business rose 5% from the third quarter of 2014. In constant currency, the growth reached 12% with the benefit of higher sales and our CCI program more than offsetting the unfavorable impact of material cost and increased employee benefit expense. Lets turn to Slide 31. While adjusted operating income excluding special charges declined 4% if we also exclude the impact of unfavorable currency, our third quarter result was up slightly from the year ago period. This is despite the $3 million decline in Kohinoor profit. Gross profit margin declined 50 basis points. Included in this result is the impact of Kohinoor, which lowered the gross profit margin by 54 basis points. So we're seeing an underlying sequential improvement from the first half of 2015, as the benefit of our cost savings actions build and pricing actions are implemented. The 54 basis point reduction to gross profit from Kohinoor was comprised of $3 million of special charges included in cost of goods sold, which represents an inventory write down, directly related to the decision to discontinue the sales of certain lower margin product lines along with a $2 million year-on-year decline in Kohinoor's gross profit prior to that special charge. Even with this third quarter result, we still expect our fiscal year 2015 gross profit margin to be comparable to 2014. As a percentage of net sales, our selling, general and administrative expense rose 60 basis points due in part to increased employee benefit expense. In addition to higher retirement benefit expense there were increases in incentive compensation for those parts of the business performing ahead of plan. Also the percentage increase in brand marketing this period at 5% or $2 million exceeded our rate of sales growth this quarter. As described in this morning's press release, there were three components to the special charges we recorded in the third quarter. $10 million for the non-cash impairment of the Kohinoor brand name, $3 million for special charges and cost of goods sold as I just described and $2 million of charges that related to previously announced streamlining actions in EMEA and North America. For the fiscal year, we now estimate total charges of $65 million. This assumes $2 million of additional charges in the fourth quarter. Below the operating income line, the tax rate this quarter was 30%, an increase from 21% in the third quarter of 2014, which was the primary reason why we guided to a double-digit year-on-year decline in adjusted earnings per share this period. If you recall, in the third quarter of 2014, we had a significant favorable impact from discrete tax items. We continue to expect a tax rate of approximately 29% in the fourth quarter of 2015 based on our current outlook. Income from unconsolidated operations rose this quarter. This increase was largely the net result of three factors. Underlying growth in our unconsolidated income led by our joint venture in Mexico, the unfavorable impact of a dramatic decline in the Mexican Peso and a favorable $2 million impact related to an allocation of the $13 million in special charges to Kohinoor's minority interest. As a result of the increased weakness of the Mexican Peso, we now anticipate our income from unconsolidated operations for the fiscal year to be up slightly versus our previous estimate of at least 10%. At the bottom line, third quarter 2015 adjusted earnings per share was $0.85. As you can see on Slide 34, this was a $0.10 decline from the year ago period due in large part to the tax rate and adjusted operating income. Turning next to Slide 35, we've summarized highlights for cash flow and the quarter end balance sheet. Our year-to-date cash flow from operations was $317 million compared to $276 million in the year ago period. This year we've returned $226 million of cash to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases and expect to be back in the market for share repurchases this quarter. We used $211 million of cash and short term borrowings for our three acquisitions and our debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio was at 2.0% at quarter end, slightly above our target of 1.5% to 1.8%. Our balance sheet remains sound. We're generating strong cash flow and we're well positioned to fund investments to drive growth including future acquisitions. I'll wrap up with our latest financial outlook for fiscal year 2015. Alan already provided perspective on this, so let me quickly run through the numbers. We reaffirm our expectation to gross sales and constant currency at the upper end of a 4% to 6% range. Acquisitions will contribute about one percentage point to this increase and we continue to estimate that currency will reduce our sales growth rate by five percentage points in 2015. We now expect to be at the lower end of a 6% to 7% constant currency growth rate for adjusted operating income from a 2014 base of $608 million. We now anticipate that unfavorable currency rates will reduce operating income growth by four percentage points up from three percentage points. For operating income on a reported basis, we expect a 7% to 8% decline from $603 million in 2014. This includes a $65 million estimated impact from special charges up from our prior estimate of $54 million with the increase due to the third quarter charges. We also expect to be at the lower end of $3.47 to $3.54 in adjusted earnings per share. This range assumes a $0.13 unfavorable impact on operating income from currency. On a reported basis, we expect earnings per share of $3.11 to $3.18 including a $0.36 impact from special charges. For fiscal year 2015, we continue to expect another year of strong cash flow. This is providing funds for our dividend payments, our acquisition activity, debt pay down and share repurchase activity. Lets turn now to your questions and then some closing remarks from Alan. Operator, we're ready for the first question.
Operator: Thank you. We'll now be conducting a question-and-answer session [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Please proceed with your questions.
Andrew Lazar: Good morning, everybody.
Alan Wilson: Good morning, Andrew.
Gordon Stetz: Good morning, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar: Hi, two quick questions for me. I guess the first with McCormick now looking for the full year EPS towards the lower end of the range and consensus being more in the middle of the range currently, I guess it seems like with the incremental CCI savings you now expect, you probably could have made up that profit shortfall had you decided to let those savings flow through to the bottom line rather than reinvesting a good chuck of it in the fourth quarter as you've talked about. So maybe can you talk a little bit about the trade-off and the decision to up marketing in the fourth quarter and kind of more specifically what thats going behind?
Alan Wilson: Yes, we were investing both in the U.S. and in Europe behind our brands and we think thats really important and critical as were trying to build share and support the new products that weve introduced. So we think that is a good investment. Were really happy with our CCI program that we have the ability to provide that fuel as opposed to trying to offset some of these headwinds.
Andrew Lazar: Okay. If we -- Lawrence, if we think about some of the progress that youre continuing to make in the core consumer business in the U.S., I know that youre just starting to have more of those lets call it robust discussions with customers given the capabilities that youve got now. But one of the key efforts for last couple of quarters was sort of getting those price points in the right place on some of those top key items right in the urban spice space. Is there any way you can share a couple of metrics with us on maybe where you are in that progress? Do you now have those at the right price points? Are you most of the way there and is that's what's driving the improved sequential consumption trends were seeing?
Lawrence Kurzius: Okay. Thanks Andrew. I think that that's a good part of it. Were really pleased with the progress that weve made on our management of price points with our customers. When I talk about being at the beginning of a process here in our prepared remarks there is really in reference to the use of the new tools that we added in the middle of third quarter. So we have time set up with most of our leading customers in the U.S. to work through analytics with them around both pricing and on assortment and the two really need to work both together. We've had a new modeling tool for both pricing and assortment. They work together in tandem and we expect to get through about 50% of the ACV of our customers by the end of the fourth quarter of this year, so thats pretty good progress. In terms of implementing, what weve done so far on the price points on those key items, weve made a lot of progress and that is part of the reason or the strength of our business. But we dont want to underestimate the value of the other things that were doing in terms of innovation and in A&P to drive our core business. So one of the other things that youre starting to see now is innovation in the core part of our business with things like the herb grinders and youre seeing renovation of our core business to kind of take away the reason for being for some of these smaller brands that have made some inroads against us. So the extension of -- the expansion of organic within our gourmet line, the non-GMO labeling on our core spice line, these are all important consumer elements that go beyond price to get at the consumer and build the strength of our core brands. Were very committed to getting not only growing that core business, but to winning market share in that business as well.
Andrew Lazar: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Alexia Howard with Bernstein. Please go ahead with your question.
Alexia Howard: Good morning, everyone, a couple of quick questions. As a follow-up to Andrew's are you able to actually quantify what the organic ex-acquisition sales growth was for the U.S. consumer business? And then as a follow-up on a different topic, you mentioned acquisitions a couple of times and obviously youve moved into the wet sauce business with the Stubb's acquisition in a very small way. Could you give us an idea geographically and by category what your priorities are there, thank you?
Alan Wilson: Sure. Let me take the acquisition real quickly and then Ill ask Lawrence to talk more about the U.S. consumer business, but where were targeting with our acquisitions is again in adjacent categories where flavor can matter and you've seen with the Stubb's acquisition an example of that, were moving into some areas that are more closely related to what we do, but not directly. So we have room to grow there and Stubb's specifically puts us into more of a natural and interesting category. Our Stubb's business doesnt have high fructose corn syrup. Its gluten free and so it differentiates itself and is premium in the category. So we feel good about that. The other acquisitions that were making, were continuing to target are those leading companies in markets where we have either a small presence or no presence and so thats what we did with D&A this year. And were also targeting more flavor acquisitions for our Industrial business. So while weve done very few over the last 10 years, we see that as an opportunity to really build and grow our business and Ill let Lawrence answer the question, Im sorry, Gordon answer the question on
Gordon Stetz: So, Alexia in terms of how much -- the only acquisition in the Americas that would have contributed to any consumer growth would have been Stubb's and since it was just the last couple of weeks of the quarter its very small, it was 0.2 on the total Americas and the U.S. drives that number as you can imagine given the size of our market. So the 2.4% volume mix in Americas would also be directionally correct for the U.S. since its a big part of it.
Alexia Howard: Great. Thank you very much. Ill pass it on.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of David Driscoll with Citigroup. Please proceed with your question.
David Driscoll: Great. Thank you. Good morning.
Alan Wilson: Good morning.
Gordon Stetz: Good morning.
David Driscoll: Could you talk a little bit about the sales guidance, the 4% to 6%? Can you break it down, price and volume? And then most importantly, just talk to me about what's driving the upside here? Because obviously when the foreign exchange gets more negative we would assume that you would try to raise price in response to it. So I'm really just trying to get a sense as to what's driving the upside on that organic? Or, it's not organic, it's the constant currency sales growth.
Gordon Stetz: Hi David, its Gordon. So pricing -- our outlook on that hasnt really changed for the year. So of the 4% to 6%, weve said all along, its going to be in the 1% to 2% range, especially as we pass through the commodity cost increases on the industrial side and those adjustment mechanisms have been reading through. When we first started to guide towards the upper end of that range, part of that was based on the acquisitions that we were completing during the year. So that helps us contribute about another 1% to the growth of that number. But I would also point to the fact that also the confidence is in the underlying base business, where we've seen strong organic growth, pretty broad-based candidly. So thats also allowing us to feel good about the upper end of that range.
David Driscoll: And if I could just follow on, on this, on the consumer side: so profits are down here. You've got the issue on the Indian business. But what was the description in terms of -- if its profits are down something like $8 million, $7.5 million year-on-year, what's the driver here? Again, just many of your comments are extremely positive, but then when you just look at the OI line on consumer it's down. So what's the simple one-liner here beyond the Indian business problem, in terms of why OI goes down in consumer?
Gordon Stetz: Well FX obviously is a large headwind on a reported basis because that obviously has been a factor on both the reported top line and bottom line. So that obviously is one we continue to wrestle with and as you heard in my comments it's gotten slightly worse on the operating income line as we've upped the negative impact on the total company to 4% versus the prior three. So FX, Kohinoor and part of this also in terms of profit realization has been the commodity cost environment where commodity cost have been hitting us hard earlier in the year as we've indicated the CCI program was going to help offset that as we progressed through the year. So we are seeing the sequential improvement in the gross profit margin with the expectation that fourth quarter we see a rebound in both gross profit and operating income. So part of it is also the timing of material cost increases and how those are being offset by the CCI program itself.
David Driscoll: Okay. Thank you. I'll pass it along.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead with your question.
Robert Moskow: Thank you. I had two questions. How big is India today in terms of sales and profit? I think when you bought it, it was about $85 million in sales. Just it might help us model for next year. And then secondly for Lawrence, the pricing trends for the company are a little below what we had expected. We were thinking pricing would be up about 2% this year, especially considering the higher commodity costs. You said you'd be 50% done by fourth quarter with all the category management efforts; but are you tracking a little behind where you thought you would be at this point in terms of pricing? And maybe it's also a question for Gordon, is the pricing for the company a little behind, given the commodity cost environment?
Alan Wilson: In terms of the size of the business its about a $50 million business and while we dont disclose specific profitability, Id say its not in a strong profit position, now clearly by some of the actions we're taking. So its not a strong profit generator and has teetered on loss positions in the current year. So its been in a loss position this year and thats part of the reason for us taking the actions that we did. I don't know if Lawrence 
Lawrence Kurzius: Ill take the second question. Rob on the category management effort, I want to separate that from the idea of price increase. We're working to manage to get our key items to the critical price points within our existing spend in promotion by managing the use of promotional funds and directing them towards the most productive purpose. In our U.S. business we've not taken a price increase in 2014 or 2015. So what is reading through maybe in the Nielsen as movement in price is more the way Nielsen reports units and the amount of weight per package. But there hasnt been any kind of pricing action in the U.S. either last year or this year and our promotional spending is pretty much in line with what it has been historically. All of that category management work has redirected existing promotional fronts.
Robert Moskow: And Gordon, is the pricing trends for the company overall in line with expectations for the year?
Gordon Stetz: Yes. Id say yes, and also in terms of the gross margin other than the events surrounding Kohinoor, we've talked about the sequential improvement in the timing and it is lining up with the expectations that we had as we've talked to you throughout the year.
Robert Moskow: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] The next question is from line of Brett Hundley with BB&T. Please go ahead with your question.
Brett Hundley: Hey. Good morning, guys.
Alan Wilson: Good morning
Gordon Stetz: Good morning.
Brett Hundley: Alan, I wanted to push back a little bit on an answer you gave earlier in the Q&A here on elevated brand marketing expense. You talked about pursuing share, looking to support new innovation. Presumably that would have been planned out ahead of time, I am guessing. And so I wanted to drill in a little bit further and get a sense of whether Q3 was running a little bit more than expected and you're upping Q4, whether that might be macro-related in the U.S. and Europe, expectations on a macro maybe due to your own performance thus far or maybe its additive to your performance. Maybe your performance has been good thus far and you really want to push hard against some of your competitors. I was just looking for a bit little more clarity there, if you don't mind.
Alan Wilson: Yes. We're seeing good topline performances as we've talked about, but we're also investing behind a purity campaign, which is fundamentally that fresh tastes better and our pure tastes better and so we believe thats the message that's resonating with consumers and we want to make sure that we have enough engine in the tank for what is our most important quarter of the year. This is where a lot of our purchases come and so this is the time to invest and while we did have good plans going in, we've see the opportunity to invest a little more.
Brett Hundley: Thank you; I appreciate that. And then Gordon, a question for you just on CCI. You can correct me if I'm wrong, excuse me, but I believe CCI got off to a slower start this year; and I am curious if you have any sense on, A, how efficiencies and cost savings can pace as we move into fiscal 2016. So that's the first part of the question. And then secondly, I'm also curious what the bottom line drop looks like relative to other years on a percentage basis? And the reason I ask that is just given your organic announcement on gourmet; I am curious if there's added cost to tracing and tracking your capabilities there and what that means for potential cost saves falling to the bottom line. So a two-part question there, if that makes sense.
Alan Wilson: I am going to ask Mike Smith to take the CCI question.
Mike Smith: Good morning. I would also like to echo Alan's, thanks to the McCormick employees for really helping us provide more fuel for growth this year. It's their efforts that we've been able to do that and you're right, we did say earlier in the year that CCI was going to build as we address the commodity increases we saw come into 2015 a lot of our programs are really hitting now and into the fourth quarter. We did the North American effectiveness initiative, which as you remember we've added more resources at the leadership position and elsewhere to drive more CCI programs and we're seeing success there and we're also seeing additional -- I think the units are working together more collaboration across functions and really driving more savings and it's setting us up well for next year as you alluded to. We're very comfortable with the $95 million in total for CCI and the special projects at this point.
Brett Hundley: Okay. Thank you.
Alan Wilson: Comment on the organic, McCormick is already the number one brand of organic herbs and spices in the grocery store and so with the action that we're taking on our gourmet line to make it 90% organic by this time next year, it just builds on a capability that we've already got. So this is not going to add to our fixed cost structure in any meaningful way that we've already got a great deal of capability around organic. But raw material themselves are undeniably more expensive than regular spices and thats reflected in the premium price that organic products command in the market place. It's not just a scarcity issue, it costs more money to produce organic ingredients and products and the same is true for us. This is why we're starting really what the gourmet end of our line because the gourmet products can support a premium price.
Brett Hundley: Okay. Very clear. And Alan, if I can just sneak in one yes or no question for you, you talked about potential M&A and you named industrial with flavors. We understand that there might be a global natural colors portfolio for sale, and I am just curious if natural colors are an area that you might want to get into.
Alan Wilson: We look for areas more where flavor can matter and its hard to do a yes or no question because in almost every deal we look at, there is some things we like and some things we dont. And so rather than say yes or no to that particular opportunity, I would say we are looking to expand our industrial portfolio to better serve our customers and it's really geared around where flavor matters
Brett Hundley: Thanks guys.
Alan Wilson: Sure
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Jonathan Feeney with Athlos Research. Please proceed with your question.
Jonathan Feeney: Good morning; thanks very much.
Alan Wilson: Good morning, Jonathan.
Jonathan Feeney: I wanted to -- a little bit of a follow-up on a question Rob asked about pricing; but maybe bigger picture about the earnings guidance, maybe if it tells us something. When you go back to -- when I look at the -- below your 9% to 11% earnings growth that we've seen for the past few years, couple of years anyway, currency has clearly played a huge role in that. Then I would go back to digging through -- you had about three or four quarters back in '08, '09, where currency just crushed you at like twice the magnitude. And the difference, it seems to me, is that -- I know you had some more acquisition tailwind back then, but you priced a lot more aggressively. And so it leads me -- I guess two questions. First would be, I guess, what's different this time? It seems like especially in overseas markets that are affected by currency it seems like you're a little bit more shy to price to that currency -- and cost obviously, as I know a lot of these costs wind up being denominated in something like dollars, if not explicitly dollars. And I guess secondly, when you look at that 9% to 11% earnings algorithm, it seems like it's the right thing to do for your business, to balance volume and pricing like that in the face of currency headwinds. Do you think that maybe 9% to 11% earnings wise, is that a signal that maybe that's too much as far as what the core business should be able to sustain prudently? Those are my questions. Thanks.
Alan Wilson: Thanks, I will answer the pricing question and we can kind of get into the long term discussion, but specifically to pricing what we saw in 2009, '10 and '11 and '12 was extreme commodity inflation and so we're trying to respond to that. We've had some of that in this year and we recognize that what we're really focused on is getting our price thresholds right in the marketplace and thats not unique to the U.S. its around the world. And so we've taken a pause a bit on pricing. We've taken some pricing to offset currency in some of our markets, but our focus has been more on getting the right price thresholds and making sure that we're not giving consumers or customers a reason to go somewhere else. So thats really what we've seen more this year. Around the overall EPS guidance of 9% to 11% we still feel pretty confident that over time that that is an achievable target. Obviously year to year we have to make adjustments based on what's happening. This year we had the particular headwinds around pension costs and around currency. While we offset some commodity inflation, but we still feel over time that that's the right targets. Remember that includes some contribution from acquisitions in the years and this year while we made a couple acquisitions, they have a minimum impact on the earnings for the year, but we'll see those flow through next year.
Jonathan Feeney: Great. Well, thank you very much.
Alan Wilson: Thanks Jonathan.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Eric Katzman of Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your questions.
Eric Katzman: Hi. Good morning, everybody.
Alan Wilson: Good morning, Eric.
Eric Katzman: A couple of questions; hopefully we can kick through them quickly. Did you say whether in the U.S. you lost share in consumer, or did you maintain it and I think, Lawrence, you may have said our goal is to maintain share and I always thought it was to increase the share, albeit even within a growing category. Maybe you could just clarify a couple of those things.
Lawrence Kurzius: Sorry Eric, in our two core categories in herbs and spices, we did have a share decline in this quarter. It was less than a share point. We continue to improve in this area and although the prepared remarks did say we want to get to parity growth with the category, thats a mile post along the way and a journey. Its hard to talk to -- the real conversation we want to have with retailers ultimately is about driving category growth and driving consumers to the segment and to section of the store and its hard to have that conversation until our growth rate catches up with that of the category. So yes, we want to get to parity growth with the category, but certainly thats not where we want to stop. On recipe mixes, its a different story. Thats where we started out, but we've really turned the tide there pretty convincingly and we did have a share gain on receipt mixes, our second core category during the quarter and I think in our remarks we said we had 23 consecutive months now of share gains in that category.
Eric Katzman: Okay. And then on the -- just to switch up again, on the industrial it seems as if some of the U.S. QSRs, for example, are doing a bit better and I think you noted some weakness there. Is that a function of menus and product introductions or something? Maybe just touch a little bit on that and then I have then the last question.
Lawrence Kurzius: Yes, it's more a function of what we sell -- what the products we sell to them go in and where their growth is coming from. So for instance one of our customers launched all day breakfast. We've very little bit that goes in there for that customer. So even if they're doing a little better, it doesnt impact us. We tend to be in the U.S. on the core menu items and outside the U.S. more on the product innovation and limited time offers, which is why we're seeing a little bit of a disparity in the results.
Eric Katzman: Okay. And then just kind of like the CCI figure, it sounds like -- remind me, Gordon that's a -- like I know you look at it very conservatively versus other companies in their quotes and so the $95 million is obviously for this fiscal year. But does the fact that it's ramping up, I think there was a previous question in this regard, does the fact that it's ramping up as the year progresses suggest that fiscal '16 can also be quite a good year? And then related to that, Alan maybe I'm crazy, but did you mention earlier in the year about a certain level of SG&A savings into fiscal '16 and how does CCI figure into that, if my memory is correct?
Lawrence Kurzius: Yes, your memory is correct. We talked about leveraging SG&A and thats a lot of what we except to get from and are getting from our restructurings. I'll let Gordon specifically about that.
Gordon Stetz: So there is wraparound effect of CCI from the current year programs into next year and you alluded to the SG&A, which indeed we talked about a 100 basis point improvement. So some of that started this year, but there will be the full year benefit going into next year because with some of the actions that we took and announced this year only had a partial year impact. So you certainly have that wraparound benefit. And then there are the programs within the year that kind of go into the base and then we start all over again next year and there is a new hill to climb and our teams every year find a way and to Mike's earlier comments, they find a way to get to savings targets that we need. So we're still developing what those programs are for next year, but certainly there is going to be wraparound from the actions we've taken this year.
Eric Katzman: Okay. Thats helpful. I'll pass it on. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions at this time. I'd like to turn the floor over to Mr. Alan Wilson for closing remarks.
Alan Wilson: I want to thank everybody for your questions and for participating in the call today. Consumer demand for flavor is rising and driving demand for our products. Our geographic presence and product portfolio are expanding and align with the move towards healthier eating, fresh ingredients, ethnic cuisine and bold taste. In 2015, we're achieving strong sale growth and significant cost savings. We look forward to reporting to you on our continued progress as we wrap up 2015 and continue to build momentum for the future.
Joyce Brooks: Thank you, Alan, and thanks to everyone for joining us today. If you have additional questions regarding today's information, please give us a call at 410-771-7244. This concludes this morning's call.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-01 07:30:00) =====
Executives: Joyce Brooks - VP, IR Alan Wilson - Chairman and CEO Gordon Stetz - EVP and CFO Lawrence Kurzius - President and COO
Analysts: Ken Goldman - JPMorgan Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein David Driscoll - Citigroup Akshay Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Jonathan Feeney - Athlos Research Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank
Joyce Brooks: Good morning. This is Joyce Brooks, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you for joining today's call for a discussion of McCormick's second quarter financial results and our current outlook for 2015. We started a bit early to coordinate with the General Mills call at 8:30 AM. To accompany our call, we posted a set of slides at ir.mccormick.com. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow our remarks. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, the conference is being recorded. With me this morning are Alan Wilson, Chairman and CEO; Lawrence Kurzius, Chief Operating Officer and President; Gordon Stetz, Executive Vice President and CFO and Mike Smith, Senior Vice President Corporate Finance. During our remarks, we will refer to non-GAAP financial measures. These include adjusted operating income and adjusted earnings per share that exclude the impact of special charges as well as information in constant currency. A reconciliation to the GAAP results is included in this morning's press release and slides. As a reminder, today's presentation contains projections and other forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from those projected. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or other factors. As seen on Slide 2, our forward-looking statements also provide information on risk factors that could affect our financial results. It's now my pleasure to turn the discussion over to Alan.
Alan Wilson: Thank you, Joyce. Good morning, everyone and thanks for joining us.  McCormicks second quarter results demonstrate the effectiveness of our sales and profit growth strategies and continued the momentum that we established in the first quarter. While sales declined 1%, in constant currency we achieved a 5% year-on-year increase. We achieved higher constant currency sales in both our business segments and across geographic regions, a very good performance from our business leaders and employees throughout McCormick.  Based on this broad-based growth and our outlook for the second half of 2015, we reaffirm our projection for 4% to 6% constant currency sales growth for the fiscal year. In fact, this years pace of acquisition activity gives us more confidence at the upper end of the range.  Special charges along with currency lowered our operating income results. However we grew adjusted operating income in constant currency by 7%. This is an improvement from the first quarter when adjusted operating income in constant currency rose 1%. As we anticipated, profit growth is improving as our cost savings build and as additional pricing actions go into effect. This improvement supports our reaffirmed outlook for 6% to 7% adjusted operating income growth in 2015 on a constant currency basis.  With a very favorable tax rate variance, second quarter earnings per share exceeded our expectations. Earnings per share this period was $0.65 and excluding special charges, grew to $0.75 from $0.64 in the year ago period. In addition to the favorable tax rate, other positive factors included the increase in adjusted operating income, further growth from our joint venture in Mexico and lower shares outstanding. The CPS result includes the impact of unfavorable currency.  Weve raised our latest earnings-per-share guidance to reflect the net impact of the favorable tax rate in the second quarter and our estimated tax rate for the second half. Aside from this tax adjustment, we feel just as confident in our base business EPS outlook.  Cash flow from our operations remained strong in $186 million, supporting our dividend program along with business growth strategies including acquisitions. I want to recognize McCormick employees around the world for focusing on growth, driving high-performance and engaging in our success.  Next, Lawrence is going to provide an update on each of our two business segments. Lawrence?
Lawrence Kurzius: Thank you, Alan, and good morning everyone. As Alan indicated we delivered constant currency sales growth for both our consumer and industrial businesses with particularly good performance in several markets this quarter.  Lets start with the consumer business. Across our entire consumer business, although we reported a sales decline of 3%, in constant currency we achieved a 3% increase. I will comment first on the strong results in certain international markets, then turn to the US market for more detailed remarks.  China led our consumer business sales growth again this quarter with a double-digit increase in constant currency. We had strong demand for McCormick brand herbs and spices, condiments, and seasoning blends driven by our brand building activities, geographic expansion and great in-store execution. We also grew sales with the introduction of a McCormick brand product into Central China, part of our sale synergies from our Wuhan Asia-Pacific Condiments acquisition.  In Europe, Middle East and Africa, EMEA, economic and retail conditions remained challenging in parts of the region. However in constant currency we had strong volume driven sales growth this period particularly in France, Poland and Russia.  In France, were benefiting from our brand marketing and have expanded to grow brand sales through the discount retailer. Distribution gains were also a primary sales growth driver for our business in Poland and Russia. And in Australia, consumer sales in constant currency rose at a double-digit rate this period from new distribution and product innovation.  Before moving to the Americas, lets take a look at our lineup of new products for the second half in our EMEA and Asia-Pacific regions on Slide 7. One of our global initiatives is grilling. In EMEA were building out our barbecue products in the UK, France, Poland and other markets with dry seasonings and wet marinades and sauces. And in France, Belgium, Spain and Portugal recognizing the popularity of burgers we are introducing restaurant quality burger seasonings in wet and dry sachets. Our Airplane gelatin in Australia is an iconic brand with 90% category share and were continuing to grow sales with new flavor varieties. Also in this market we will be leveraging the authenticity of our [Keenes] [ph] brand into curry recipe bases.  Lets turn to the Americas. In this region were making further progress improving the performance of our US consumer business. Consumer interest in flavor, simple and healthy ingredients and cooking with fresh products continues to drive strong category growth for spices and seasonings as seen in the latest consumption data with category sales up 5% in the quarter. The same data shows that sales of our McCormick brand spices and seasonings rose 1%. This is an improvement compared to a 1% decline in the past 52 weeks. We are definitely heading in the right direction.  For recipe mixes, our next largest category we continued to gain share. In this latest quarter, the increase of 50 basis points marked the 20th consecutive month of share gain. We are achieving this through innovation as well as effective marketing for both new products and core items.  Within the subsegment of Taco seasoning mixes, we increased share of our McCormick brand 3 percentage points in the last 52 weeks and our share of Chili seasoning mixes is up 4 percentage points. We grew share of Zatarains 5% this quarter versus the year ago period. Zatarains rice mixes are outpacing the category growth rate and consumption of our frozen entres rose 4%.  Across all of our US brands we are driving growth through accelerating innovation, building brand equity and through our category leadership at retail.  On the innovation front, I will comment on two of our recent launches. I am pleased to report that in less than one year our McCormick Skillet Sauces have exceeded a 10% share in this growing category driven by the retail placement weve gained and our marketing support. The relaunch of our gourmet line began early in 2015 with greater variety of Flavor Sealed technology that locks in flavor, color and aroma and a packaging that has a more premium fresh appearance.  In this subsegment of the spice and seasoning category nearly 80% of retail distribution points are now converted to the new packaging and weve seen base consumption trends for McCormick gourmet strengthened with consumption up 4% in the second quarter. This gourmet initiative has also helped us expand the number of McCormick brand SKUs on the shelf with existing customers, gain distribution of new customers and at other customers reduce the number of competitive brands they carry. 
, : A second growth initiative in the US is building brand equity. We had particular success this quarter with our Grill Mates campaign, including excellent in-store display execution, great new television advertising and a 2015 grilling flavor forecast.  Second quarter sales of Grill Mates grew 9% and we expect to maintain this momentum through the peak grilling season. Through digital marketing were connecting directly with consumers. We are moving up the list of go to places for online recipe. McCormick.com is now in the top 40 recipe destinations, up from 175th in 2012 with 30 million annual visitors and 40 million recipe views. We have the largest online grilling community and are connecting with passionate users of Old Bay, Zatarains and other distinctive brands. And behind the scene, we have better alignment of our digital assets not only in the US but all around the world.  We continue to strengthen our retail partnership to drive category growth and engage consumers. On the last call Alan discussed the sharper focus on our retail price points and advanced analytic rigor around category management. As we rolled this out several retailers have begun to partner with us on self price adjustments and were very encouraged by the results for them and for McCormick.  At the end of the third quarter, we will be ready to launch a new comprehensive category management tool supported by additional internal resources and we expect these capabilities to accelerate our progress as it relates to pricing optimization. As you would expect this is an account by account discussion. As the latest consumption data illustrated we have reduced the category share decline for our brand but we are not yet where we want to be. I believe we have the right actions and the right team in place to stabilize and then grow our share. In tandem with these actions, were driving growth for our recipe mixes as well as niche brands within our US portfolio such as Lawrys, Old Bay, Grill Mates, Zatarains, Thai Kitchen and now Drogheria & Alimentari. Before I move to our industrial business, I just want to recognize the great performance of our joint venture in Mexico. Despite unfavorable currency rate, net income for this business rose 36% mainly due to sales growth and favorable costs.  Turning now to our industrial business. We grew sales for this segment 1% and in constant currency a very strong 7%. This higher sales and our cost reduction initiatives led to a double digit increase in adjusted operating income in constant currency. EMEA led the growth this period with a double-digit constant currency sales increase and volume and product mix up 9%. This part of our business has had exceptional sales growth for the past three years as seen on Slide 11.  As our business with quick service restaurant has been a challenge in other regions during this period, we're winning in the EMEA with product innovation and for the third year in a row were named new product supplier of the year in this region by a leading quick service restaurant customer.  We also increased our share of business with quick service restaurants and are supporting the geographic expansion of those customers. Likewise were expanding into new markets along with food manufacturers we supply and as an example have broken ground on a new facility in the Middle East.  In the Americas region we are benefiting from an increase in consumer snacking, developing seasonings for snack bars, crackers and chips and similar products. At the same time our customers are moving toward more simple ingredients and our foundation in spices and herbs has us well-positioned.  In the second quarter we had particularly strong demand from these customers in Latin America with double digit sales growth in constant currency. We have a strong base in Mexico and are supporting customer expansion into South America. In Brazil we cut the ribbon on a small R&D center this quarter to build our expertise in the local flavours.  We also grew year on year sales to food manufacturers in the US this period and had a solid performance with sales of branded food-service product. In addition we had the benefit of sales from Brand Aromatics acquired early in March. Offsetting a portion of these gains is further weakness in our US sales to quick service restaurants.  In our Asia-Pacific region we are pleased to be seeing further recovery in base sales to quick service restaurants. As in the first quarter we had an added benefit of innovation and limited time offers and with export sales of product supplied by our facilities in China, our outlook is for continued improvement through the second half of 2015 for our industrial business in China.  Thank you for your attention. I will turn it back over to Alan.
. : A second growth initiative in the US is building brand equity. We had particular success this quarter with our Grill Mates campaign, including excellent in-store display execution, great new television advertising and a 2015 grilling flavor forecast.  Second quarter sales of Grill Mates grew 9% and we expect to maintain this momentum through the peak grilling season. Through digital marketing were connecting directly with consumers. We are moving up the list of go to places for online recipe. McCormick.com is now in the top 40 recipe destinations, up from 175th in 2012 with 30 million annual visitors and 40 million recipe views. We have the largest online grilling community and are connecting with passionate users of Old Bay, Zatarains and other distinctive brands. And behind the scene, we have better alignment of our digital assets not only in the US but all around the world.  We continue to strengthen our retail partnership to drive category growth and engage consumers. On the last call Alan discussed the sharper focus on our retail price points and advanced analytic rigor around category management. As we rolled this out several retailers have begun to partner with us on self price adjustments and were very encouraged by the results for them and for McCormick.  At the end of the third quarter, we will be ready to launch a new comprehensive category management tool supported by additional internal resources and we expect these capabilities to accelerate our progress as it relates to pricing optimization. As you would expect this is an account by account discussion. As the latest consumption data illustrated we have reduced the category share decline for our brand but we are not yet where we want to be. I believe we have the right actions and the right team in place to stabilize and then grow our share. In tandem with these actions, were driving growth for our recipe mixes as well as niche brands within our US portfolio such as Lawrys, Old Bay, Grill Mates, Zatarains, Thai Kitchen and now Drogheria & Alimentari. Before I move to our industrial business, I just want to recognize the great performance of our joint venture in Mexico. Despite unfavorable currency rate, net income for this business rose 36% mainly due to sales growth and favorable costs.  Turning now to our industrial business. We grew sales for this segment 1% and in constant currency a very strong 7%. This higher sales and our cost reduction initiatives led to a double digit increase in adjusted operating income in constant currency. EMEA led the growth this period with a double-digit constant currency sales increase and volume and product mix up 9%. This part of our business has had exceptional sales growth for the past three years as seen on Slide 11.  As our business with quick service restaurant has been a challenge in other regions during this period, we're winning in the EMEA with product innovation and for the third year in a row were named new product supplier of the year in this region by a leading quick service restaurant customer.  We also increased our share of business with quick service restaurants and are supporting the geographic expansion of those customers. Likewise were expanding into new markets along with food manufacturers we supply and as an example have broken ground on a new facility in the Middle East.  In the Americas region we are benefiting from an increase in consumer snacking, developing seasonings for snack bars, crackers and chips and similar products. At the same time our customers are moving toward more simple ingredients and our foundation in spices and herbs has us well-positioned.  In the second quarter we had particularly strong demand from these customers in Latin America with double digit sales growth in constant currency. We have a strong base in Mexico and are supporting customer expansion into South America. In Brazil we cut the ribbon on a small R&D center this quarter to build our expertise in the local flavours.  We also grew year on year sales to food manufacturers in the US this period and had a solid performance with sales of branded food-service product. In addition we had the benefit of sales from Brand Aromatics acquired early in March. Offsetting a portion of these gains is further weakness in our US sales to quick service restaurants.  In our Asia-Pacific region we are pleased to be seeing further recovery in base sales to quick service restaurants. As in the first quarter we had an added benefit of innovation and limited time offers and with export sales of product supplied by our facilities in China, our outlook is for continued improvement through the second half of 2015 for our industrial business in China.  Thank you for your attention. I will turn it back over to Alan.
Alan Wilson: Thanks Lawrence. As Lawrence reported, we are driving solid performance across many parts of our business, demonstrating the effectiveness of our growth strategies and our strong execution. We are making steady progress with our initiatives and encouraged by 2015 results through the first half.  Next, Id like to provide a few updates from the time of our first-quarter earnings call back in late March, starting with acquisition activity. McCormicks business development team is having a busy year with great results. Back in February, we announced an agreement to purchase Drogheria & Alimentari and completed this purchase at the end of May.  In early March, we acquired Brand Aromatics. About a week ago, we signed an agreement to acquire One World Foods, seller of Stubb's, the number one brand of premium authentic barbecue sauce in the US. Stubb's products also include marinades, rubs and skillet sauces. Annual sales of this business are approximately $30 million that are growing at a double-digit rate. Stubbs is a perfect complement to our products, rounding out our range of grilling items under the Grill Mates, Lawrys and McCormick brands. Maintain the authenticity of this brand we plan to keep the business headquarters in Austin, Texas.  We expect to maintain a double-digit pace of sales growth near-term through expanded distribution, increased household penetration and innovative flavours. We anticipate significant cost synergies that will deliver at least $10 million of incremental EBITDA by 2017. At an anticipated purchase price of $100 million we expect Stubbs to be another attractive deal for McCormick.  Along with our efforts to build sales through acquisitions and the innovation and brand marketing activity that Lawrence discussed, employees throughout the company are making great progress through their efforts to eliminate costs. We reaffirm our goal to achieve at least $85 million in cost savings this year. This will bring our cumulative annual cost savings to more than $400 million since our 2009 launch of McCormicks comprehensive continuous improvement program, CCI.  During the second quarter we announced additional reorganization plans in the EMEA region. These plans include the transfer of certain additional activities to the recently established McCormick shared services center in Poland. While we expect record charges of approximately $25 million related to these actions, there's a very good payback with estimated annual cost savings of $16 million by the end of 2017. We recently increased our resources to drive our CCI program and expect to continue our track record of productivity improvement throughout the organization.  Lets turn to some recent leadership changes. As announced in early June, we are pleased to have Maritza Montiel and Michael Conway joining our board. Maritza is former deputy CEO and Vice Chairman of Deloitte. During her 40 years with the firm she led a variety of strategic initiatives prior to retiring in mid 2014. Michael was president of Global Channel Development for Starbucks. His responsibility for all commercial and business strategy functions and is driving aggressive plans to expand to emerging international markets. Prior to Starbucks, Michael served in leadership roles at Johnson & Johnson and Campbell Soup.  Retiring from our board is JP Bilbrey, Chairman President and CEO of Hershey. He served as a director since 2005 and we truly appreciate his participation and contributions to our success.  Turning to our company leaders. Cile Perich, Senior VP of Human Resources retired from McCormick after 32 years of exemplary service and seven years as a member of our management committee.  On Slide 17 we have listed the current members of the management committee which now include Lisa Manzone whos promoted to Ciles role and also Brendan Foley who joined us from Heinz about a year ago and whose responsibilities have been broadened from head of US consumer business to a North American role. We also announced in April that Nneka Rimmer has joined the company. Most recently with Boston Consulting Group Nneka is responsible for shaping overall corporate strategies and working to increase EVA at McCormick. I'm confident that these latest changes will provide strong leadership for our business going forward.  The last topic I want to cover before turning it over to Gordon relates to the helpfulness of spices and herbs. Since its formation in 2007, The McCormick Science Institute, MSI, has supported scientific research and dissemination of information on the health benefits of culinary herbs and spices. In 2014, MSI in partnership with The American Society for Nutrition hosted a summit of researchers, government officials and health and wellness communicators to discuss the role of herbs and spices in a healthy diet. This message is beginning to resonate.  In May, we were pleased to learn that the US Dietary Guidelines Advisory Committee has recommended to the government that the 2015 dietary guidelines encourage use of spices and herbs as a flavor alternative to sodium. Were optimistic that this change will be made.  In addition, Australia's Healthy Eating Pyramid was recently updated and now encourages people to enjoy herbs and spices to flavor food without using salt. We regard our categories as advantaged on-trend with spicy foods, fresh foods, ethnic cuisine, simple ingredient. This latest health news is just one more reason for consumers to turn to spices and herbs to add flavour.  Its now my pleasure to turn it over to Gordon for a financial perspective on our results and guidance.
Gordon Stetz: Thanks, Alan and good morning everyone. As both Alan and Lawrence indicated, we were pleased with our sales and profit results in the second quarter across our two segments and in both developed and emerging markets.  On a constant currency basis, the underlying growth in sales was very strong at 5%. Our adjusted operating income excludes special charges and rose 1% but if we also exclude currency, we achieved 7% growth, a sequential improvement from the first quarter results.  Taking a look at our consumer business, Slide 21 shows that we grew second-quarter consumer business sales 3% in constant currency driven by higher volume and product mix. Sales in the Americas rose 2% in constant currency from the second quarter of 2014 with contributions from higher volume and product mix as well as pricing actions mainly related to honey products in Canada.  As Lawrence described, we grew US sales of recipe mixes, Grill Mates and Zatarains products. While still a small part of our business, sales in Latin America grew at a double-digit rate this period as we expand distribution across a number of markets from our production base in El Salvador.  In EMEA, consumer business sales in constant currency grew 4% as a result of higher volume and product mix. Distribution gains were major reason for the increase with wins in France, Poland and Russia. Our brand marketing and innovation are additional factors driving sales and we look forward to including sales of Drogheria & Alimentari in our results starting in the third quarter.  In constant currency, we grew consumer business sales in the Asia-Pacific region 7% with a 9% increase in volume and product mix. Our sales in China continued to grow at a double-digit rate year on year. And Australia also delivered a double-digit increase for the second quarter. We had some further pressure from basmati rice prices in India leading to lower pricing for the region this period.  In total for the consumer business, adjusted operating income was $81 million compared to $86 million in the second quarter of 2014. In constant currency, adjusted operating income was comparable to the year ago period with the impact of sales growth and cost savings offset by the unfavorable impact of material costs, retirement benefit expense and product mix.  Also in the second quarter, we recorded about $1 million of transaction costs related to the acquisitions weve announced in 2015.  Turning to our industrial business. We grew second-quarter sales a robust 7% in constant currency from the year ago period. Pricing actions taken in response to higher material costs and higher volume and product mix, each added three percentage points and acquisitions another one percentage point of growth.  In the Americas region, sales rose 5% in constant currency mainly from pricing actions and the addition of Brand Aromatics. Volume and product mix were comparable to the year ago period as increased sales of snack seasonings, particularly in Latin America, and higher sales of branded food service products were offset by continued weakness in sales to quick service restaurant customers.  In our EMEA industrial business, we grew sales 12% in constant currency with a 9% increase in volume and product mix. As Lawrence described, we are in our third year of exceptional performance in this part of our business as we support the growth and geographic expansion of leading quick service restaurants and food manufacturers.  We grew industrial business sales in the Asia-Pacific region 4% in constant currency. In China, we grew through innovation and export and the recovery continued from 2014 challenges with lower demand from major quick service restaurants.  Adjusted operating income for the industrial business was $42 million, well ahead of $36 million in the second quarter of 2014. In constant currency, the growth was even more impressive at 24% with the benefit of higher sales and our CCI program more than offsetting the unfavorable impact of material costs and retirement benefit expense.  Lets turn to Slide 31. Across both segments, adjusted operating income was $123 million, a 1% increase from $122 million in the second quarter of 2014. In constant currency, we grew adjusted operating income 7%. This is an improvement from the first quarter as increased cost reductions and additional pricing actions are providing a greater offset to material cost inflation. These same positive factors are impacting gross profit margin.  While we were down 50 basis points year on year in the second quarter, this was a better performance than the first quarter. Heaving into the second half, we expect our cost reduction and pricing activity to continue to improve gross profit margin. However we now expect gross profit margin for the fiscal year to be comparable to 2014 rather than up slightly.  As a percentage of net sales, our selling, general and administrative expense declined 60 basis points even with the impact of transaction costs related to our 2015 acquisition activity. Special charges of $19 million in the second quarter related primarily to the additional actions planned in EMEA that we announced in April.  Below the operating income line, our effective tax rate was 16% which was below our initial guidance and year ago quarter due to $13 million of discrete tax benefit recognized in the second quarter of 2015. Based on our current outlook, including these benefits and our projected mix of our business across tax jurisdictions, our estimated effective tax rate for fiscal year 2015 is approximately 27% compared to our prior guidance of 27% to 28%. This is based on an underlying rate of approximately 29%.  Keep in mind that in the absence of any further discrete items, we expect an unfavorable variance in the next two quarters with a tax rate of 29% versus 21.4% in the third quarter of 2014 and 25.9% in the fourth quarter of 2014.  Income from unconsolidated operations rose 19% led by our joint venture in Mexico which continues to have a strong financial performance as Lawrence described. This increase is net of an unfavorable currency impact.  At the bottom line, adjusted earnings per share for the second quarter of 2015 was $0.75. As you can see on Slide 34, this was an $0.11 year-on-year increase led by the lower tax rate along with increases in our adjusted operating income, unconsolidated income and lower shares outstanding.  Turning next to Slide 35. Weve summarized highlights for cash flow and the quarter end balance sheet. Our cash flow from operations this period was $186 million compared to $182 million in the first half of 2014. During the first half of 2015, we used $70 million of cash to acquire nearly 1 million shares of McCormick stock occurring mostly in the first quarter.  Given our activity to date we continue to anticipate a 1% reduction in shares in 2015. At quarter end we had $46 million remaining on our $400 million authorization. The Board approved a new $600 million share repurchase authorization in March.  During the second quarter, we used a combination of cash and short-term borrowings to acquire Brand Aromatics for $63 million and make the initial payment of $49 million to acquire Drogheria & Alimentari. Likewise we expect to use a combination of cash and short-term borrowings for the acquisition of Stubbs later this quarter.  Consistent with past practice, we have curtailed our share repurchase activity in order to return to our target debt to adjusted EBITDA level of 1.5 to 1.8. Our balance sheet remains sound. We are generating strong cash flow and we believe we are well-positioned to fund investments to drive growth, including future acquisitions.  I will wrap up with our latest financial outlook for fiscal year 2015. We reaffirm our expectation to grow sales 4% to 6% in constant currency. The three acquisitions we have announced should add at least 1% of growth this year, giving us greater confidence in achieving the upper end of our range. We continue to estimate that currency will reduce our sales growth rate by 5 percentage points in 2015.  We reaffirm our expected 6% to 7% constant currency growth for adjusted operating income from a 2014 base of $608 million in adjusted operating income. We continue to anticipate unfavorable currency rates to reduce operating income growth by 3 percentage points.  For operating income on a reported basis, we expect a 4% to 5% decline from $603 million in 2014. This includes a $54 million estimated impact from special charges. We expect adjusted earnings-per-share of $3.47 to $3.54. This is a $0.03 increase from the previous guidance, reflecting the latest tax rate estimate. This new range, excluding an estimated $0.12headwind from currency is an increase of 7% to 9% from $3.37 in 2014.  On a reported basis, we expect earnings-per-share of $3.18 to $3.25 compared to earnings-per-share of $3.34 in 2014. This range assumes a $0.29 impact from special charges. As you consider the financial projection for the second half versus the year ago period, keep in mind the projected headwinds from a higher tax rate, unfavorable currency and our plans to increase brand marketing. These factors are expected to cause a double-digit decline in third-quarter adjusted earnings-per-share compared to adjusted earnings per share of $0.95 in the third quarter of 2014. However our projection is to increase fourth quarter adjusted earnings-per-share from adjusted earnings-per-share of $1.16 in the fourth quarter of 2014.  For fiscal year 2015, we continue to expect another year of strong cash flow. This will provide funding for our dividend, our acquisition activity, some debt paydown and future share repurchase activity.  Lets turn now to your questions, then some closing remarks from Alan. Operator, we are ready for the first question. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from the line of Ken Goldman with JPMorgan.
Ken Goldman : The shift to e-commerce in China, its hurt a lot of consumer companies lately. McCormick seems to be bucking the trend. Just curious the spice and seasoning category, is it not being hit by the channel shift as much as others or is McCormick benefiting from that channel shift? I'm just curious for your thoughts here because it does seem to be a little bit of an anomaly versus what we're seeing elsewhere. 
Lawrence Kurzius: Hi Ken, this is Lawrence. I will take this question if you dont mind. We do participate in the e-commerce sector in China but I'll tell you for us its still developing segment of the market, or developing channel just like it is for everyone else. The big difference I think in our business in China for our consumer segment is that were a lot less dependent on the modern trade than many of our peer companies. With the acquisition of Wuhan Asia-Pacific Condiments, we got a strong foothold in the central part of China, great penetration in the more traditional segment of the market and were experiencing really broad-based growth on both our McCormick brand and on our acquired brands across China. We recognize that there has been some slowdown in economic growth in China but our categories continue to do well and our brands in particular had really broad-based growth in this quarter, and we don't really see any change in that trend.
Ken Goldman : Thank you. And then one follow-up. In general you're looking for a nice improvement in the gross margin as the year progresses at least on a year-on-year basis. I just want to make sure I understand if we had to sort of rank order the factors that are going to help that margin, how much might we attribute to currency versus pricing, just want a little bit more color if possible on what some of those factors might be?
Gordon Stetz: We're looking for sequential improvements in the gross profit margin and it's going to be a combination of CCI, which will be obviously continuing to progress as we go through the year, the pricing actions primarily on the industrial side of the business which as you know those pricing mechanisms get readjusted periodically based on the commodity basket. So those will continue to readjust periodically throughout the year, and then obviously our fourth quarter tends to be more heavily weighted to our consumer business so you'll get some benefit of business mix as we approach the fourth quarter. 
Operator: The next question is coming from the line of Alexia Howard with Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard : Can I ask about the trends in operating profit growth on the consumer side? Its been pretty flat for the business as a whole in the last couple of quarters on a constant currency basis. Are you expecting an improvement going forward and what are the puts and takes there and particularly I don't know what you can say about the consumer Americas business but how has that been moving and how is it expected to shape up for the rest of the year? Thank you. 
Gordon Stetz: Hi Alexia, its Gordon. Again what were expecting the raw material cost pressures as we mentioned in the conference call has been a factor primarily well across both businesses. The consumer business savings are starting to ramp up as we progress through the year. So those benefits we anticipate to be more heavily weighted to the back half of the year. The operating margins are also being impacted by our brand marketing expenses. So as we mentioned in the call we do have some increase in our brand marketing expenses. Some of this is going to be particularly weighted to Q3 and then finally were looking just for the continued consistency of growth and volume to leverage our scale. So again by the fourth quarter anticipating -- our guidance anticipates a good fourth quarter for our consumer business, particularly in the US consumer business. So with the combination of CCI, scale and the timing of our brand marketing we expect good margin performance by the fourth quarter. 
Alexia Howard : And just as a quick follow-up. In the US consumer business do you expect the price realization to improve through the course of the second half? Would you expect to get a little bit more of a benefit from year-on-year pricing being a little bit more stable than it has been in the past? Thank you. 
Gordon Stetz: We really haven't taken any pricing in the US consumer business there but we do expect a different mix as were selling more branded items and less of the value item.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Driscoll with Citigroup.
David Driscoll : Wanted just to ask your impressions of the US spices and seasoning category and the market share trends over the course of time. You guys mentioned this in your script but could you just spend a little bit more time on the share declines here and what should we expect going forward? Is this a multi-year trend where you'll just progress very slowly to try to getting the share declines to stop to get back to neutral? I'm just trying to get your sensitivity on when you see these kinds of share declines how the business wants to respond to it, how significant they are to you. You got top line growth but share declines are always something that we look at quite closely and I'm trying to get a sensitivity here on your concern level on this and then how it should progress forward? 
Alan Wilson: We are obviously very focused on stabilizing and growing share. Our intention is to actually be the driver of growth in our categories. We are seeing share improvement and have for 20 consecutive months in our recipe mixes. We're seeing it in some of our other brands like Zatarain's where we're seeing share improvement and we're seeing share improvement in some of our other markets. So our core focus is on the US consumer business where the core spices and seasonings represent a little less than 15% of our total company sales. So I want to keep it in perspective but we are very focused on regaining and driving share in those core items. We think the things that we're doing like working on the pricing of the high price sensitive items at retail is a good mix. We're helping our retailers in understanding the importance in the profitability of the category and that McCormick drives that profitability. So we feel like we're doing a lot of the right things but it is going to take some time. 
Lawrence Kurzius: Yes, David, this is Lawrence, if I can just add to those comments. Weve really been out in front of CAGNY in 2014 where really we were stepped up and said that we had lost some share in both of our core growth platforms in the US to some smaller competitors and put in place some initiatives to tackle that. I think we did a lot of the heavy lifting last year and we are really actually pleased with our sales progress in both the first quarter and the second quarter of this year. We are not gaining share yet in spices and seasonings. We are in recipe mixes and really have turned that around quite strongly, and in portions of our spices and seasonings business, we are seeing some great progress. Our gourmet relaunch, which is a part of turning around our spices and seasonings category growth is generating great early results. We are really winning the grilling season this year and we are confident that we will do more than just stabilize our share in this segment but that will return to share growth and will be driver of the category in the US. We wont be satisfied with our results ourselves until we do.
David Driscoll : Is it still a price gap issue or do you think you have that under control? 
Lawrence Kurzius: I think that we thought about our pricing and really our thinking on pricing has evolved as our understanding of this issue has matured with the greater analytics capability. So when we spoke about this at CAGNY in 2014 our focus was on price gaps versus private libel and versus key competitors and having conversations with retailers about those price gaps with the aim of narrowing them either by reducing the prices on McCormick or frankly by raising the price on some competitive items that were irrationally priced, in some cases below the retailers private label. But as we've gone through 2014 and weve developed greater understanding of the pricing dynamics we came to realize that the price gaps actually mattered less than the absolute price points on about a dozen key items. So our initiative this year has been focused more on managing the absolute price points on those key items and it does not involve additional pricing action or promotional activity on our part. It's really at the way we allocate the promotional spending that we're already doing with the customers to direct it to the most productive place.  And then finally I think in my prepared remarks I mentioned a comprehensive category management tool and this is really the next step in our evolution on this to have an even stronger analytic capability that allows us to understand and model the cross-elasticity of the entire category to optimize it for the retailer.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Akshay Jagdale with KeyBanc. 
Akshay Jagdale : One quick one just in terms of your guidance for this year, how much of the M&A related charges are included in your constant currency EBITDA or operating in some guidance? 
Gordon Stetz: We mentioned about $1 million related to the consumer acquisitions that is already absorbed in those guidance numbers. 
Akshay Jagdale : And just can you talk a little bit more broadly about the consumer environment? There has been some talk about lower gas prices helping consumer spending. We really haven't seen it on broad data that we look at but how would you characterize the health of the consumer here in the US and maybe talk a little bit about China because all the indicators that were seeing point to a little bit of slowdown there but your business is actually doing quite well. So can you talk about those two topics broadly? Thanks.
Alan Wilson: Sure. We are still seeing a bifurcated consumer with some level of growth in premium and our gourmet brand is an example of that and niche categories. So there is some growth. We are seeing some recovery in food service with people eating out. So we are seeing some of those lower gas prices find their way in. On the other hand, there is a vast number of consumers who are still stressed economically and so we are competing in the value segment to try capture that.  In China, as Lawrence said, there has been some slowdown in economic activity. Were encouraged because were still  were pretty broad-based, were in the traditional trade, we have our presence in the modern trade and were participating in the emerging and fast-growing e-commerce. But we're still long-term believers in China. We continue to make investments there and are bullish on our prospects. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Jonathan Feeney with Athlos Research.
Jonathan Feeney : Thanks. I just wanted to understand a little bit about -- seems like particularly as it relates to EMEA you've come back a few times with some business reviews around these restructuring charges and I guess it seems to me like maybe you're just trying to get your hands around new cost opportunities that kind of make sense in a changing context whether that's currency or some of the effects currency might have on the market. Could you tell me about that process a little bit because you've come up with some new charges a couple times now, I guess in the past six months sort of seen more opportunities to take special charges restructurings and maybe where we stand -- should we expect more of that in the second half of the year, more opportunity to do that? Thanks. Any perspective on that would be great. 
Gordon Stetz: Yes, I'll really point to -- and this is specific to Europe. It's a continuation of the journey of shared service structures and leveraging scale where we have opportunities to do that. You mentioned a couple of charges, the first charge was primarily our first truly shared service opportunity which we went to Poland with and it was focused primarily in the financial end of things. The current activities are again related to an extension potentially of other activities into those, into the same shared service center. So it's broadening shared service. It's the same journey we've gone on here in the US. The North American initiative that we took more recently was again more of an extension of shared service activity into our North American shared service and also in both cases it's looking at span of control, faster decision-making and how we can delayer decision-making to be more responsive in a very, very competitive market.  We do these things very very analytically and thoughtfully. To say that we would never do anything again would be probably a misstatement but at the same time we have to execute what we've already discussed and as a result, we need to get done the charges that we already announced this year and execute against those programs. 
Operator: And next question is from the line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow : On gross margin erosion, I guess, it's kind of hard to see how all this trade activity and pricing actions, why is that not helping you get your gross margin up, like why is the gross margin continuing to erode a little bit? It doesn't appear to be hurting the year but I would have thought by the end of the year maybe do you expect to be back on track in track in terms of boosting gross margin?
Gordon Stetz: We expect gross margin -- as we talked about the impact of raw material costs this year, we said it would hurt us earlier in the year. We're forecasting mid single digit material cost inflation and the CCI -- that was hitting us right away in the beginning part of the year. The CCI was going to take some time for us to help offset that. So our expectation is as we progress through the year, gross margin will have a sequential improvement such that by year-end we should see gross margin improvement year on year. So we've got improvement in Q2 versus Q3. We anticipate further sequential -- I'm sorry Q2 versus Q1, we expect further improvement in Q3 versus Q2 and then again, improvement in the fourth quarter. So it's a function of the timing of raw material costs and the timing of our CCI. 
Robert Moskow : Gordon, like whats the factor that caused you to have to lower the guidance for the year? What fell below expectations in the first half?
Gordon Stetz: The price realization is the same and CCI savings is the same. Its a tweak on the business mix candidly and the offset was obviously in the favorability of the SG&A. But there's -- we were up slightly, now we are comparable. Its not what I would call a major change to our full year guidance. But the terms of the fundamentals of how we see this playing out that has not changed. 
Robert Moskow : Secondly, on the acquisition of Stubbs, is that providing any contribution to operating profit for the year? 
Gordon Stetz: It's pretty neutral based on acquisition integration costs and the transaction costs that we've already mentioned. 
Robert Moskow : Okay, and then lastly, one of your biggest or I guess your biggest customer had been very promotional on its private label side. Has that eased off at all and has that allowed you to compete or to perform better at that retailer? 
Lawrence Kurzius: Hey Rob, this is Lawrence. I think what you are referring to is actually not private label but its a controlled brand that is a McCormick brand that we sell them. Theyve had a big  thats had a pretty big impact on us in the first part of the year but we do see as they lap the activity that started really last year, that is backing off considerably.
Robert Moskow : Does that mean that it's kind of continuing at a steady state or is it
Alan Wilson: Actually the ACV, the large displays is about half its level of the peak. So we're still going to see some year-on-year comparison but it is greatly reduced from its peak. 
Lawrence Kurzius: Right. It's not steady state. 
Operator: The next question is from the line of Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank 
Eric Katzman : I guess two questions. On China industrial is limited time offers that helped you in the first quarter, did those roll off in the second as you had expected and is that business kind of on track or on plan with what you had thought? And then a bigger picture question for Alan. The company has gotten more aggressive with M&A this year, three deals and the latest one Stubbs in barbecue, I think the companys challenge in M&A has been potentially some kind of conflict with industrial customers who may be in the same business. Are you concerned about all of that, any of that or is there still enough runway based on the M&A you see to not have any conflicts arise within your industrial customers? 
Alan Wilson: Let me take the industrial question first or the acquisition questions first and I'll have Lawrence talk about China industrial. We always analyze for deals what the competitive overlap is going to be. We know that we need to be in parts of the categories that are growing faster and we see opportunities for this in this case and in the case of barbecue sauces, we saw very little competitive overlap and we saw the opportunity for us to really participate in more of the premium and higher priced part of the category that's growing. And so it's a brand that has no high fructose corn syrup and has carved out a very nice free firm all of the stuff that consumers don't seem to want right now. So that one fits very well for us and we see some other opportunities like that that don't impact or overlap with our critical customers. So we've expanded our horizons in terms of the kinds of acquisitions that we're considering. And I'll have Lawrence talk about China industrial. 
Lawrence Kurzius: Eric, on our China industrial business, the growth that we are experiencing there partly reflects a recovery of the quick service restaurants and partly reflects gain in share that weve achieved with those same customers. So while the limited time offers are important, there is a steady stream of innovation that these customers are doing, that cycles through our business continuously. Id say the key underlying trend this year has been a recovery in the quick service restaurant themselves and a gain in our share with those customers.  End of Q&A
Joyce Brooks: I think what we ought to do, since we are coming up on the hour is, Id like to turn it over to Alan for closing remarks and we will welcome any further questions. We will take those off-line. 
Alan Wilson: Sure. Great, thanks for all your questions and participating in the call today. Consumer demand for flavour is rising and driving demand for our products. Our geographic presence and product portfolio are expanding and in line with the move towards healthier eating, fresh ingredients, ethnic cuisine and bold taste. And were driving growth through innovation, marketing and acquisitions. In 2015, we are seeing the benefits of our stepped-up cost reduction activity and well continue to pursue ways to improve our productivity and profit as we grow the topline. We look forward to reporting you on our continued progress in the upcoming quarters and we hope everybody goes out and grills on the 4th July weekend. Have a great weekend. 
Joyce Brooks: Thanks, Alan. Thanks everyone for joining us today. For any additional question, please give us a call at 410-771-7244. That concludes this mornings call.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-03-24 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Joyce Brooks - VP, IR Alan Wilson - Chairman and CEO Gordon Stetz - EVP and CFO Lawrence Kurzius - President and COO
Analysts: Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus Ken Goldman - JPMorgan Rob Dickerson - Consumer Edge  Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank
Joyce Brooks: Good morning. This is Joyce Brooks, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you for joining today's call for a discussion of McCormick's first quarter financial results and our current outlook for 2015. We've posted a set of slides to accompany our call at ir.mccormick.com. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow our remarks. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, the conference is being recorded. With me this morning are Alan Wilson, Chairman and CEO; Gordon Stetz, Executive Vice President and CFO; Lawrence Kurzius, Chief Operating Officer and President and Mike Smith, Senior Vice President Finance Capital Markets and CFO North America. During our remarks, we will refer to non-GAAP financial measures. These include adjusted operating income and adjusted earnings per share that exclude the impact of special charges as well as information in constant currency which we formerly referred to as local currency. A reconciliation to the GAAP results is included in this morning's press release and the slides. As a reminder, today's presentation contains projections and other forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from those projected. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or other factors. As seen on Slide 2, our forward-looking statements also provide information on risk factors that could affect our financial results. It's now my pleasure to turn the discussion over to Alan.
Alan Wilson: Thank you, Joyce. Good morning, everyone and thanks for joining us.  McCormicks first quarter results demonstrated progress with our growth strategies and our actions to reduce costs. While sales rose 2%, the growth rate was 6% in constant currency with a mid single digit increase in each of our two segments. These increases were largely driven by volume and product mix.  Special charges along with currency had an adverse impact on our operating income results. In fact, we now anticipate a more significant impact from both special charges and currency this year as Gordon will discuss as part of our 2015 outlook. Excluding both of these factors, adjusted operating income rose 1%. We expect this growth rate to improve once our 2015 pricing actions are fully in place and the benefits of our aggressive cost reduction activity begin to build.  Earnings per share this quarter were $0.55 and excluding special charges, grew to $0.70 from $0.62 in the year ago period. This was largely the result of a favorable tax rate and higher income from unconsolidated operations. The 2014 success of our joint venture in Mexico continues in 2015 with sales up 7% and increased profit margins.  We generated strong cash flow as we kicked off the year and returned cash to shareholders through dividends and through share repurchases that lowered our average shares outstanding by 2% year on year. Based on these results, and our latest 2015 outlook, were reaffirming our expected growth rate for sales, adjusted operating income and adjusted earnings-per-share on a constant currency basis.  Gordon will share the details of our quarterly results and outlook. I want to comment on each of our business segments.  First, our consumer business. We grew sales for this segment 1% and in constant currency by 5%. In the US, we continued to gain share with recipe mixes while in spices and seasonings, we still see robust category growth but we still have some work to do in this market.  Our key initiatives in North America are innovation, building brand equity and category leadership at retail. Our innovation activity includes completing the rollout of McCormick skillet sauces. Were pleased with the retailer acceptance and began advertising in the first quarter to build awareness and trial. The relaunch of our entire gourmet line is in full swing. Our brand-new look features greater variety, a Flavor Sealed technology that locks in flavor, color and aroma and a packaging that has more premium fresh appearance.  Weve also achieved good retail placement for our flavored sea salt and have new varieties of Old Bay, Lawrys marinades, gluten free recipe mixes, and Zatarains rice mixes. As we head into grilling season, were gaining self-space for our new line of Grill Mates, burger mix and sauces and a variety of seasoning such as Blue Moon blend leveraging the popularity of this craft beer.  Were building brand equity in our US market through both digital and traditional media, informed by our ROI analysis. We leveraged over 25 million impressions on Facebook over the holidays and our engagement rates are up 25% from a year ago. We attribute this to the strength of our community as well as the quality of our content which includes user generated photos and comments and step-by-step visuals.  As for digital shopper marketing, we partnered with retailers on the first quarter Big Game campaign that had an above average conversion to purchase and 20% sales increase on advertised products and to support our upcoming grilling campaign, were launching two new television ads that capture the effort and passion that consumers apply when grilling.  Our efforts to win at retail have included the sales force reorganization and customer category management leadership. Heading into 2015, we have a sharp focus on retail price points and are putting more advanced analytic rigor around pricing management. While price elasticity is low for many of our seasonal items, we've identified key staples that are price sensitive. A major focus of our sales team is to target these key items and use existing trade promotion fronts and retailer negotiations to optimize shelf-price thresholds.  Were also leveraging our Gourmet relaunch to win at retail. Third-party analysis shows that greater product assortment is beneficial to the consumer shopping experience but too many brands can be detrimental. Specifically, an increase in McCormicks gourmet product assortment led to an 8% increase in our sales and a 5% category increase. However a shelf set with three brands resulted in a 13% drop in category buyers. The message for our customers is simple. Expand their product assortment of McCormick gourmet and discontinue competitive brands.  Our win at retail efforts extend to e-commerce and weve made particularly good progress with Amazon. McCormick has gained 4 share points at Amazon in the past 12 months and our Taco Seasoning Mix has been reported as number two item in Prime Pantry. Across each of these initiatives, innovation, brand building and winning at retail, we believe we have the right team and the right actions underway to improve our performance in spices and seasonings.  For our consumer business in China, we maintained the pace of double-digit sales growth this quarter, driven by brand building activities, geographic expansion and great in-store execution. We also are realizing sales synergies with WAPC now that the integration of this acquisition is basically complete. The opportunity for this cross-selling opportunity is illustrated on Slide 6 which depicts the core markets for our McCormick brand in the coastal regions and our WAPC Daqiao brand in central China.  Beyond China and the US, we grew constant currency sales for our consumer business across a number of other markets this quarter, including France, Canada, Australia and Central America.  Lets turn to our industrial business. We grew sales for this segment 3% and in constant currency by 7%. Each of our three regions had strong results. Our US business led this growth with higher pricing related to commodity cost increases and increased demand for our branded food service products, as well as customized seasonings largely for snacks.  Success with innovation and partnership with leading snack companies is part of this growth. This innovation also drove industrial sales higher in Mexico this quarter. These increases more than offset weak sales to quick service restaurants that is extended into 2015 in the Americas.  In EMEA, we have been growing sales to quick service restaurants and we had a solid increase again this quarter. From facilities in the UK, Turkey and South Africa, we supply a broad range of flavor solutions across this region. Our team in EMEA is not only growing sales but improving profitability through greater efficiencies and a shift towards higher-margin products.  Were pleased with the return to sales growth in China where the demand from quick service restaurants has been volatile. In 2015, these customers are expecting a gradual improvement in sales. However our first quarter sales rose at a double-digit rate due to a new limited time menu items and increased sales of products that we manufacture in China for export to other Asian markets.  Across both business segments, we continue to be encouraged by the global increase in demand for flavor. Flavor is well aligned with the broader changes in the way people are eating today, whether it's spicier food, eating more fresh produce and protein, simple ingredients or the move toward healthier eating. These are driving strong category growth rates in developed markets and in emerging markets we've added the benefit of the rise of middle-class consumers who are seeking the safety and quality of branded spices and seasonings.  This increased demand for flavor underpins the growth of our current portfolio of leading brands and the breadth of flavor solutions across the entire food industry that we provide through our industrial business. It also supports acquisitions as another avenue of growth for McCormick. Weve developed a strong record of adding profitable businesses to our portfolio and were pleased to recently announce two more.  In late February, we signed an agreement to purchase Drogheria & Alimentari for approximately 50 million and a potential 2018 earn-out payment of up to 35 million. As a supplier of both brand and private-label products, this business is a spice and seasoning leader in Italy with approximately one-third of the category share. In addition, its products are exported to 60 other countries. We anticipate strong growth of this premium brand particularly in the US and key international markets where consumers are seeking unique and authentic ethnic flavors.  Since its founding in 1880, the owners and employees of Drogheria & Alimentari have built a great business and we look forward to working with them to achieve continued success. We expect to complete this acquisition by midyear.  In early March, we acquired Brand Aromatics for $63 million, our first industrial acquisition in quite a few years. With Brand Aromatics, we expand our breath of flavor solutions to value-added natural savory flavours, marinades and broth and stock concentrates. This business has packaged food customers that complement McCormicks industrial customers as well as the USDA manufacturing facility and 40 employees that include an experienced product development team. We look forward to working with the employees of Brand Aromatics to drive growth and strengthen our customer intimacy. Beyond these recent announcements, were actively pursuing a strong pipeline of other acquisition opportunities. We've added resources across our business to support this activity.  In our January call, I discussed the North American effectiveness initiative. This is more than a cost reduction program. We currently have operating units for our consumer and industrial businesses in the US and Canada that are comprised of both commercial and support functions. Through this initiative, were moving to commercial units comprised of sales marketing and R&D and centralized support functions for groups like finance, human relations and supply chain.  Our simplified commercial teams are focused on growth and innovation and our support functions will be more effectively able to leverage scale and drive cost reductions. As a part of this initiative, we are increasing spans of control and eliminating some senior positions while adding analytical talent and new capabilities. We expect to simplify our decision-making process and execute faster to capture growth and profit opportunities.  We anticipate a very good payback with an estimated annual cost savings of $25 million and charges of about $25 million. In just two months since announcing this program, we've made significant progress toward this goal. Between the EMEA project announced 18 months ago, our North American initiative and other actions, we expect to lower our annual selling general and administrative expenses as a percentage of sales by approximately one percentage point by 2016. Were confident that we can achieve further reductions to SG&A as a percentage of net sales through scale, our CCI program and future cost reduction programs.  To summarize, our first quarter results have us off a great start in 2015. I'm encouraged by our strong innovation pipeline, our brand building activity and aggressive cost reduction efforts. And we've announced two acquisitions that offer great growth opportunities. I like to recognize and thank McCormick employees around the world for their engagement and high-performance that's driving our success.  Now my pleasure to turn it over to Gordon. 
Gordon Stetz: Thanks, Alan and good morning everyone. I will begin with a review of our first quarter financial results and then update you on our latest 2015 outlook.  We were pleased with our sales and profit performance in the first quarter. However as with many other US-based food companies with international operations, we had a significant headwind from currency this period. On a constant currency basis, the underlying growth in sales was very strong at 6%. Our adjusted operating income excludes special charges and declined 2% but if we also exclude currency, we achieved modest growth of 1%.  Let's take a look at these results for each of our two segments. Slide 14 shows that we grew year-on-year consumer business sales 5% in constant currency driven by higher volume and product mix. Sales in the Americas rose 5% in constant currency from the first quarter of 2014 mainly due to higher volume and product mix. As Alan indicated, the growth was in core items such as recipe mixes and Grill Mates.  In EMEA, consumer business sales in constant currency grew 2% as a result of growth in volume and product mix. This growth was led by France as well as other smaller markets and more than offset a modest volume decline in the UK where we faced a challenging retail environment.  In France, our brand marketing support and innovation drove increased sales both of course spices and seasonings as well as homemade dessert products. In constant currency, we grew consumer business sales in the Asia-Pacific region 10% with a 13% increase in volume and product mix. This was led by sales in China which rose 18% mostly from higher volume and product mix.  Constant currency sales in Australia also rose this period while sales in India declined due in part to lower prices in the market. In total for the consumer business, adjusted operating income was $92 million compared to $94 million in the first quarter of 2014. In constant currency, adjusted operating income was comparable to the year ago period with the benefit of sales growth and cost savings offset by the unfavorable impact of material costs, retirement benefit expense and product mix.  As we indicated in our January call, the increase in retirement benefit expense is mainly due to the non-cash impact of a lower discount rate and new mortality table assumptions. Our brand marketing this period was up $1 million from the first quarter of 2014 and we also recorded $1 million in acquisition-related transaction costs for this business segment.  Turning to our industrial business. We grew first quarter sales a robust 7% in constant currency from the year ago period. Higher volume and product mix contributed four percentage points and pricing actions taken in response to higher material costs added three percentage points.  In the Americas region, industrial business year-on-year sales rose 5% in constant currency, including the impact of pricing actions. We also grew volume and product mix. Throughout 2014, snack seasonings had been a source of strong growth and this continues in 2015 with a strong pipeline of innovation. This performance along with increased sales of branded food service products more than offset continued weakness in sales to quick service restaurant customers.  In our EMEA industrial business, we grew sales 9% in constant currency with a 6% increase in volume and product mix. As Alan described, we are supporting the growth and geographic expansion of leading quick service restaurants and food manufacturers in this region.  We grew industrial business sales in the Asia-Pacific region 15% in constant currency. We were particularly pleased with this performance especially in China given the marketplace challenges of major quick service restaurants.  Adjusted operating income for the industrial business was $31 million and comparable to the year ago period. In constant currency, we grew adjusted operating income 5% with the benefit of higher sales and cost savings, more than offsetting the unfavorable impact of material costs and retirement benefit expense.  Lets turn to Slide 24. Across both segments, adjusted operating income, which excludes special charges, was $122 million, a 2% decline from $125 million in the first quarter of 2014. In constant currency, we grew adjusted operating income 1%.  As we projected, gross profit margin declined year on year. We indicated in our January call that the timing of material cost increases versus our pricing actions and cost savings would be a headwind this quarter. We also recognize that the impact of our pricing actions and cost savings would build in the upcoming quarters and we still protect a slight increase in gross profit margin for the fiscal year.  As a percentage of net sales, our selling, general and administrative expense decline 40 basis points due in part to the higher sales and scale advantage over our cost basis. Special charges at $28 million have exceeded our initial guidance of $20 million and we now estimate charges of $30 million for 2015. As Alan noted, we had a greater acceptance rate from our voluntary retirement program in North America and $4 million of charges from an action in EMEA.  Below the operating income line, the tax rate was 25% and below our guidance due in part to discrete tax items recorded in the first quarter. This rate compared favorably to 31% in the first quarter of 2014 which included the impact of a higher tax rate in France that was subsequently reversed later in 2014. Based on our current outlook, we continue to expect a tax rate of 27% to 28% for 2015.  Income from unconsolidated operations rose 94% to $10 million this quarter, led by an excellent performance from our joint venture in Mexico as Alan described. For the fiscal year, we continue to expect an increase of at least 10% which reflects our caution on the impact of currency rates on this venture.  At the bottom line, adjusted earnings-per-share for the first quarter of 2015 was $0.70. As you can see on Slide 27, this was an $0.08 year-on-year increase led by the lower tax rate and increased income from our joint ventures.  Turning next to slide 28. Weve summarized highlights for cash flow and the year-end balance sheet. Our cash flow from operations this period was $96 million compared to $77 million in the first quarter of 2014. During the first quarter of 2015 we used $65 million of cash to repurchase nearly a million shares of McCormick stock.  At quarter end, we had $51 million remaining on our $400 million authorization. Early in March, we used $63 million in cash and debt to acquire Brand Aromatics. In addition, we expect to use cash and debt for the initial payment of approximately 50 million when we close on the acquisition of Drogheria & Alimentari in mid-2015.  As we've done in the past, we expect to slow the pace of our share repurchase activity in order to return to our target debt to adjusted EBITDA level of 1.5 to 1.8. Even at a slower pace, we still expect to lower our shares outstanding by 1% in 2015.  Our balance sheet remains sound. We're generating strong cash flow and we believe we are well-positioned to fund investments to drive growth, including future acquisitions.  I will wrap up with our latest 2015 financial outlook. We are reaffirming our expected 2015 growth rate in constant currency for sales, adjusted operating income and adjusted earnings-per-share. Since the time of our 2015 financial guidance, we've increased our estimated special charges and increased the projected unfavorable impact of currency rates. These are the primary changes to our initial guidance.  We anticipate further currency volatility in 2015 and as necessary we will continue to update the impact on sales and profit. Because this is challenging to forecast, we rely on prevailing rates as the basis for our projections. We continue to project a 4% to 6% sales increase in constant currency. The acquisitions we have announced should add about 1% of growth and these sales along with our first quarter results give us more confidence in achieving the upper end of this range.  We now believe currency rates will reduce our sales growth rate by five percentage points versus our initial guidance of three percentage points. We expect to grow adjusted operating income 6% to 7% in constant currency from $608 million of adjusted operating income in 2014. While this is unchanged from our initial outlook, we have lowered our expected operating income on a reported basis to 0% to 2% from $603 million in 2014. This reflects an increased impact from unfavorable currency and an increase in special charges.  We expect adjusted earnings-per-share of $3.44 to $3.51. This includes the increased impact of currency and therefore is a reduction from our initial guidance. Excluding the impact of currency, we expect to grow adjusted earnings-per-share 6% to 8% from $3.37 in 2014. On a reported basis, we expect earnings-per-share of $3.28 to $3.35 compared to earnings-per-share of $3.34 in 2014.  For fiscal year 2015, we expect another year of strong cash flow. This will provide funding for our dividend, our latest acquisitions and further share repurchase activity.  Lets turn now to your questions, then some closing remarks from Alan. Operator, we're ready for the first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Alexia Howard with Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard : Can I come back to the US consumer business? I remember last quarter a negative mix effect of what was going on with season at Walmart was troublesome. And also the smaller brands encroachment that started probably a little over a year ago was a problem. It seems as though you might be coming through that a little bit better now; I just wanted to get the latest on what you are seeing on those fronts. 
Alan Wilson: Thanks, Alexia. We are encouraged by the trends that were seeing. We still have a lot of work to do. There's still a pretty fragmented category and merchandising support for a number brands continues but were encouraged by the progress that we are seeing. 
Alexia Howard : So on both sides of the small brands, and the control brands as well.
Alan Wilson: Yes. We feel like our stories are gaining some traction but we know it's going to be a fair bit of time to really see all that come through. 
Alexia Howard : And then just switching to China. I seem to remember that you were talking about how you were tapping into  this is the industrial business, you were tapping into local restaurant chains as an avenue for growth, because some of the big American restaurant chains were having so much trouble. Where are you on that and do you see sort of fairly sustainable growth in that area from here?
Alan Wilson: I am going to ask Lawrence to take that one.
Lawrence Kurzius: Hi Alexia, we are continuing to make progress with the local Chinese customers but I will say that in this quarter the biggest part of our performance has been new product wins, export from China and progress in the recovery of the Western quick service restaurants, which are beginning to see foot traffic improve. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Chris Growe with Stifel. 
Chris Growe : So two questions if I could. One of the comments, I think Gordon, in relation to product mix seemed like it was pretty positive across the business. If I heard correctly for the consumer division, I believe you said mix was a negative for profit. I just want to make sure I heard that properly and want to understand the dynamic there if I could please on the consumer division in particular. 
Gordon Stetz: I will start with total company. On a total company basis, product mix was neutral to our results. The gross margin impact was driven, as I said, by the increased raw material cost and the timing of our savings programs coming in and our pricing actions. On the consumer division, the raw material cost increase was still the primary story although there was a slight negative product mix as well within consumer but this -- again the bigger story on the quarter for both segments was the raw material cost increases. 
Chris Growe : And then also just a question if I could on the US consumer side and Alan, youre discussing the gourmet relaunch and how thats progressing that its allowing you to  I dont know, to say, this way to box out some of the smaller competitors and try and have a better selling story for the retailers. I guess I want to understand  are you still seeing competitions at lower end of the category and how is gourmet helping sort of address that challenge for the business?
Alan Wilson: Yes. Were still seeing competition at the value segment as well. And as we segment consumers there is a gourmet consumer who really cares about the products that they put in their food and understand the difference and origins in spices and so that's what were targeting with the gourmet consumers. So it's not necessarily helping on the value end. The work that were doing at retail on price thresholds and absolute price points, are where were combating value side. 
Chris Growe : And I guess just to follow on that, the competition from some of the smaller competitors, thats mostly been on the value side less so on the premium or gourmet side, is that correct?
Alan Wilson: No, weve seen a fair bit of competition on the premium side as well. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ken Goldman with JPMorgan.
Ken Goldman : Alan, I wanted to dig in a little bit into domestic pricing for consumers. If we look at Nielsen data and your price per unit at the retail level has been slipping but its the opposite at the wholesale level. Youve talked about your efforts to convince retailers to sort of get their on-shelf prices right. I will admit I was skeptical if this could be done without I guess wholesale prices dropping first. But it seems to be happening. So can you talk a little bit about first, is that accurate? And second, whats really making that dynamic, which isnt easy to pull off successful?
Alan Wilson: Were still seeing the dynamic with the mix because of some value products that we continue to supply and we expect that that's going to continue. But what we are doing is showing a category profitability story on key items that  where prices are pretty sensitive and working with the customers on getting those prices right. It is a kind of a store by store and customer by customer negotiation but we have a very compelling category story which is what were outselling.
Ken Goldman : Isnt the implication that the retailers are giving up some margin which is never an easy thing to get them to do?
Alan Wilson: Well in some cases its making sure that they have the prices right to compete in their marketplace, because their competition with other retailers has them a little bit out of whack. So thats part of the story. The other is just reapplying some of the trade funds that we already have and getting on to the products that are more price sensitive.
Ken Goldman : If I can ask a quick follow-up. Consumer Americas organic sales significantly better than what Nielsen would've suggested. I appreciate Nielsen doesnt capture everything but just as we think about modeling 2Q and beyond, any retail sell-ins of any new product in 1Q or anything we should be aware of that might be considered a nonrecurring event?
Alan Wilson: I wouldnt expect any nonrecurring events that is going to move the dial significantly. But remember what you see in Nielsen and we have --I know that the investment community has a real focus on spices and seasonings, were growing share and growing the recipe mix category. That is certainly a help. We've got a number of channels that arent necessarily captured at their site. So while we want to see the Nielsen, the IRI data in spices and seasonings to improve and we have seen some of that sequentially it doesn't capture the whole picture. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of David Driscoll with Citigroup.
Unidentified Analyst: This is [Kruno Brunette] in with a question for David. So going back to US consumer, operating margins were down 50 basis points in the quarter following a 14 in which they were down 70 basis points and we saw market shares in and spices down about 80 basis points in the quarter. So when we go forward, what do we need in order to get margins going in the right direction? Is it a matter of seeing stabilized market share trends within that spices segment?
Alan Wilson: It is a couple of things. One is our cost reduction activities are going to start to take hold an impact through the year as we offset the increased cost. We get increase costs early in the year and it takes a while for our cost reduction activities to impact it. So thats one. Secondly, as we stabilize and start to grow share in our higher-margin items and spices and seasonings, we should start to see recovery in gross margin. Gordon, do you want to add anything to that or Lawrence?
Gordon Stetz: No, that those are the two key items. Obviously this year as we mentioned is the story of raw material price, or cost increases. So the cost reductions are going to be meaningful as we progress through the year and as youve seen us talk earlier that weve stepped up our game in that respect. So therefore theyre going to have a bigger impact as we progress. And obviously volume growth is key to leveraging our scale and that is a good start to the year as you saw on our results and we would need to continue that momentum.
Alan Wilson: I think I would echo that Gordon, weve been very clear that the cost impact from the higher raw materials impact us immediately from the beginning of the year of the cost reduction activities, the cost improvement activity that were highly confident in, phases in as we go through the year. We also emphasize that we took no list price decreases or conducted any extraordinary promotions in this quarter, the change in the margin structure is strictly related to the impact of cost and a minor contribution from product mix.
Unidentified Analyst: And then looking at the EMEA consumer business, noticeably no pricing in the quarter but significant headwinds from foreign-currency and it looks like youre expecting good acceleration in pricing in EMEA going forward. Just was wondering what type of risk do you think that will have to volumes in that EMEA consumer segment given that your cost position may be little bit unfavorable to local competitors, given that youre dealing with higher raw material costs and FX at the same time?
Alan Wilson: Yes, the local competitors are going to have the same issue because spices and seasonings are mostly priced in US dollars. So part of what you'll see is the pricing change to reflect the impact of raw materials on currency. We feel pretty good about our ability to execute in the UK and  I am sorry in EMEA. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Rob Dickerson with Consumer Edge.
Rob Dickerson : Just have a pretty simple maintenance question. So I just want to clarify, I think I thought you said  or I know this morning you stated that I guess constant currency EPS growth didnt change, thats 6% to 8%. But then I thought, maybe I am misreading this but I thought at the time of Q4, at least in the transcript or some of the call was that constant currency EPS excluding special charges was 7% and 9%. So I just want to make sure there wasnt a change to constant currency EPS and if there is a change, what's driving that?
Gordon Stetz: There is no change. In the fourth quarter call, we also highlighted pension as another impact that got us to that 7% to 9%. So excluding in constant currency and excluding the impact of the increased benefit costs, EPS growth is  was 7% to 9% and still at 7% to 9%. 
Rob Dickerson : And then just kind of a quick follow up then, I guess, the same rationale applies to adjusted operating income which was 4% to 5% including FX, so that was off of the 608, and now we are just including an additional point of FX, I am assuming that that's just very simplistically were now just at 3% to 4% off of the 608?
Joyce Brooks: This is Joyce. That's right, in our initial guidance of 4% to 5% growth in adjusted operating income, that had about two percentage points of currency implied in there. So the constant currency growth rate was 6% to 7% which continues to be. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow : If I go back to what, I was kind of concerned about three months ago, it was my thought that McCormick would have to or was going to reduce sizes on certain SKUs and maintain less prices. So it was kind of like a laid-out strategy in response to higher commodities. And McCormick was doing at a time when competition was intensifying and price gaps seemed to be getting bigger with private-label. So can you just give us kind of an update on that, on where you are in that process and has competition followed or do you feel like your price gaps are getting bigger on any items as result of this?
Alan Wilson: And obviously because of the fragmented competition that we have, it's a mixed story. But our larger competitors have announced price increases as weve gone into the year both on the industrial and the consumer side because they are seeing the same level of commodity cost increases that we are.
Robert Moskow : Just also a follow-up, you said quick service restaurants in the US kind of weak, I would've thought by now there could be some kind of a pickup here and maybe the industry is saying. So can you give us a reason why, is it one or two retailers or is it all retailers where youre seeing that weakness in the environment?
Alan Wilson: Our quick service business in the Americas is pretty broad to a number customers but there are couple of customers that are large enough to have an impact. And those larger customers as theyve reported have been struggling somewhat with foot traffic and sales and that impacts us as well. We are gaining with some of the smaller quick service restaurants and we feel pretty good about that .But it's not enough to offset the very large chains that are well-publicized and their challenges. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question comes from the line of Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank.
Eric Katzman : One specific question, Alan, on the cost cutting, I guess, there are now two initiatives to lower SG&A as a percentage of sales. Not to be too I guess specific but when you say fiscal 16, do you mean by end of fiscal 16 that hundred basis point improvement should occur or kind of at the start?
Alan Wilson: We expect it to be in our guidance for -- not giving early guidance but we expect that to be a full year impact for 2016 because the costs that were taking out are coming out now. 
Eric Katzman : So kind of like on a run rate basis but building over this year as well. 
Alan Wilson: That's right. 
Eric Katzman : And then I guess you just opened up this figure for M&A, youve done two deals and I think you were quite frank last quarter about saying that the pipeline looked pretty good and youre kind of reiterating that. So I mean maybe you could go a little bit more into the deals that you're seeing, why is there kind of a pickup in that today?
Alan Wilson: There is the benefit right now of the low interest rate environment so that is -- and I am assuming that some sellers are anticipating thats going to change in the not-too-distant future. So its an optimum time, if youve got a business thats got good traction that maybe needs and as we've seen with the businesses we have been able to buy that need a little investment for growth because there is growth opportunities, now is pretty good time. They are probably also looking and seeing as we have that multiples are attractive for a seller, a little more challenging for a buyer but as we've always done weve been pretty financially disciplined to make sure we get the returns that we expect. But it's a pretty robust environment for the kinds of deals that we like to do right now. 
Eric Katzman : And then my last question is, during, I guess that you seem to be coming out of it but during the depths of the US consumer segment pressure, you not only noted the competition in spice and seasonings but you also mentioned slower growth or missteps in some of the other products whether it was Grill Mates or marinades, spice and rice, and Zatarains etc. So I guess one, kind of would you -- those other businesses, are they seeing some better traction in the market and do you see like adding through M&A other kind of niches which has been very successful for the company in the past but we haven't seen much of late?
Alan Wilson: Yes, we do see adding more adjacencies in our businesses both in consumer and industrial. And so we see these opportunities and were little mixed on the smaller brands at least in the quarter. So we had good traction in some of the smaller brands and some that still have some level of challenge. I will say that as we talked about Grill Mates, we are aggressively pursuing an earlier grilling season this year and we feel like were getting the kind of traction that we expect. Last year grilling  our grilling promotion started closer to Memorial Day, were getting them out a lot earlier this year. 
Operator: Thank you. Our final question today will be from the line of Akshay Jagdale with KeyBanc. 
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning. This is actually Luby [ph] on for Akshay. I was just wondering if you could talk a little bit about how youre thinking about the marketing around your new product launches slated for the remainder of the year? And maybe if you could just touch on sort of the rollout plan and in-store merchandising etc. for those new products? And then I have a follow up, thanks.
Alan Wilson: I will let Lawrence take that one.
Lawrence Kurzius: Sure. Thank you, Alan. Well, as is always the case, we have a fairly robust launch of new products. Most of them are in our core categories. So they get the benefit of all of our branded advertising and in turn the work that we do on them supports of the growth of our core business as well. We are really quite encouraged by the launch of skillet sauces that we introduced last year and that weve continued the introduction this year. We had advertising for those products in the first quarter. So we have new grilling products and new gluten-free products that we launched this year, that were also quite excited about.
Unidentified Analyst: And then just on the income from unconsolidated operations line, it came in quite a bit better than we were expecting and we were modeling pretty decent growth there. But can you just talk a little bit about what's driving the results there and also do you expect to see sort of the same level of growth for the remainder of the year that we saw here in the 1Q?
Gordon Stetz: This is Gordon. As we mentioned in the call, its driven by great performance from our joint venture in Mexico. As we talked in previous calls, there is a new facility that has been ramping up and improving productivity. The sales growth there in the market has been strong and they have been very good in managing their cost positions. So all of that has contributed to some very very strong growth in the first quarter. We don't expect that pace of growth as we continue through the rest of the year and the reason for that is the impact of currency on a go forward basis on that business. So we do expect moderating growth in that area, especially as we get towards the back half of the year where their performance was also very strong and we start to lap that.  End of Q&A
Operator: Thank you. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Alan Wilson for closing remarks.
Alan Wilson: I want to thank you for your questions and for participating in today's call. Consumer demand for flavor is increasing and our categories have strong growth rates. Our geographic presence and product portfolio are expanding and ideally aligned with the move towards healthier eating, fresh ingredients, ethnic cuisine and bold tastes and were driving growth through innovation, brand marketing and acquisitions. In 2015, we stepped up our cost reduction activity and we will continue to pursue ways to improve our productivity and profit as we continue to grow. We look forward to reporting to you on our continued progress in the upcoming quarters. 
Joyce Brooks: Thanks, Alan. And Id also like to thank those who joined us this morning. If anyone has additional questions regarding todays information you can reach us at 410-771-7244. That concludes this mornings conference.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-01-28 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Joyce Brooks - VP, IR Alan Wilson - Chairman and CEO Gordon Stetz - EVP and CFO Lawrence Kurzius - President and COO Mike Smith - SVP, Finance Capital Markets and CFO North America
Analysts: Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein Jonathan Feeney - Athlos Research Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus Ken Goldman - JPMorgan Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Rob Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research Akshay Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets David Driscoll - Citigroup Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital
Joyce Brooks: Good morning. This is Joyce Brooks, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you for joining today's call for a discussion of McCormick's Fourth Quarter Financial Results and our Outlook for 2015. We've posted a set of slides to accompany our call at ir.mccormick.com. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow our remarks. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, the conference is being recorded. With me this morning are Alan Wilson, Chairman and CEO; Gordon Stetz, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Lawrence Kurzius, Chief Operating Officer and President and Mike Smith, Senior Vice President Finance Capital Markets and CFO North America. During our remarks, we will refer to non-GAAP financial measures. These include adjusted operating income and adjusted earnings per share that exclude the impact of special charges in a 2013 loss on voluntary pension settlement. A reconciliation to the GAAP results is included in this morning's press release, as well as the slides that accompany this call. As a reminder, today's presentation contains projections and other forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from those projected. The Company undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or other factors. As seen on Slide 2, our forward-looking statements also provide information on risk factors that could affect our financial results. It's now my pleasure to turn the discussion over to Alan.
Alan Wilson: Thank you, Joyce. Good morning, everyone and thanks for joining us. Id like to start by also welcoming Lawrence to this mornings call. In addition to his continuing role as President of our Global Consumer business, Lawrence now has responsibility for our businesses worldwide in his newly appointed role of COO and President. At the end of our remarks, I may ask him to weigh in on some of your questions. While he is not on this call, Id like to also congratulate Malcolm Swift on the formulization of his position as President, Global Industrial. Malcolm continues to have geographic responsibility for our businesses in Europe, the Middle East and Africa and in Asia Pacific. In 2014, McCormick delivered solid financial performance, despite a difficult environment. Our on-trend categories are growing in markets around the world, with increasing consumer demand for flavor. Were driving growth in sales and profit and in 2015 are stepping up our cost reduction activities to fuel our growth. During the fourth quarter of 2014, we made progress on a number of fronts, with the successful launch of new products, additional investment in brand marketing to drive growth and building customer intimacy. For the fiscal year, our cash flow exceeded $500 million and we returned a record amount of cash to shareholders, employees throughout McCormick delivered $65 million in cost savings from our Comprehensive Continuous Improvement program, CCI and we have embarked on a more aggressive cost savings plans for 2015. Fourth quarter earnings per share exceeded the guidance we provided back in October with a lower tax rate and an excellent result from our joint venture in Mexico. For our consolidated businesses, sales and operating income were below our projections for this quarter, as we continue to face a competitive environment in several markets and in China, where we were impacted by weak sales to major quick service restaurant customers. Gordon will go into more details in the fourth quarter financial results. I want to comment more specifically on our U.S. consumer business. Our main challenge in this market has been fragmentation in the spice and seasoning category. With U.S. retailers bringing smaller brands on the store shelves, these items included value priced products, ethnic brands and premium as well as organic items. As we head into 2015, this pressure continues. However, were in a much better position than we were a year ago, with accelerated innovation, brand equity building and our actions to win at retail. Among our top performing U.S. launches in 2014 were Grill Mates burger seasonings, gluten free recipe mixes and McCormick skillet sauces. We increased our U.S. brand marketing by 7% to support these launches, as well as fund an expanded holiday campaign and reinforce our Taste You Trust message with adds that feature our product quality. Organizationally, we have new leadership in place and more category management resources close to our customers. And working with our retail customers and category management, our objective is to improve their sales and profit, as well as sales and profit for McCormick, a win-win solution. While weve made good progress there is still work to be done. Taking a look at 2014 IRI retail consumption data for recipe mixes, the category rose 1%. Sales of our brands grew 3% and we gained 2 percentage points of category share. We're pleased with the strong response to our product innovation and marketing programs. The same data showed a 3% increase in spice and seasoning category sales and 1% sales growth for McCormick products. These are good results and ahead of many other food categories. However, we saw some share gains by smaller brands, none with a category share greater than 3% and both McCormick brands and private label brands lost share. As we head into 2015, we're pleased with the category growth rates and we're working to extend our success with recipe mixes to the spice and seasoning category. We said at the offset of 2014 that we expected improvement in our U.S. consumer business to take some time. I believe we have the right team in place and the right actions underway to drive the growing demand for flavor in this important market. Next Id like to provide a broader perspective on our 2014 performance, our growth initiatives and our 2015 outlook. Across all of our businesses, we grew sales in local currency for fiscal year by 3%, within our 3% to 5% target range. The strongest contribution towards this growth was in our China consumer business, driven both by the strong growth from WAPC and an 18% increase in the base business. For 2015 we're setting a goal to grow sales 4% to 6% in local currency. With about a 2% sales increase from pricing expected this range is in line with our long-term goals, even without the impact of an acquisition. However, based on the prevailing exchange rates currency is expected to lower the sales growth range by 3 percentage points. As you look across the food industry, a 4% to 6% sales growth may seem ambitious, but it's based on several factors that are in our favor. First is the rising demand for flavor. On Slide 6, spice and seasoning category growth was strong in 2014 and is projected to grow at a mid single-digit rate globally in 2015 with roughly 4% growth in developed markets and nearly a 10% increase in emerging markets. For recipe mixes, the projected global growth is also at a mid single-digit rate. Flavor is well aligned with the broader changes in the way that people are eating today, whether it's spicier food, eating more fresh produce and protein, simple ingredients are the move towards healthier eating. We think that these changes are here to stay and that each of them drives demand for flavor. This is a catalyst, not only to our consumer business but also to our industrial business. As an example more than one-third of our 2014 industrial new product breeds had some type of health and wellness attribute. Second, we're continuing to increase our investment in brand marketing. Our current level of marketing is up more than 50% from five years ago. In our latest campaigns, we're emphasizing new products, quality and freshness, everyday cooking and holiday celebrations. We're planning to further increase in 2015. Digital marketing has a particularly high ROI and we're making it a greater part of the mix. This year it's planned at one-third of our total advertising, up from 11% in 2010. As we develop our marketing programs, a leading audience is millennials. In the U.S. a recent study shows that household penetration of our brands with millennials is right in line with other age groups. We also conducted an attitude study, this work revealed that 46% of U.S. millennials regard the McCormick brand as the best spiced brand in the market and another 37% categorized it as one of the best. Again these metrics are similar to what we see with other age groups. Third our 2015 sales growth projection includes a strong impact from innovation. With 16 innovation centers in 12 countries around the world, we continue to invest in product development. Earlier this month, we opened a new product development facility for our U.S. consumer business. In 2014 we had particular success with our squeeze pouch package that led to a 25% increase in ketchup sales in China and in North America with gluten-free mixes and skillet sauces. In France our Vahin premium vanilla has driven category growth. In the first half of 2015, we have a great line up of innovation and are particularly excited about the re-launch of our entire U.S. gourmet line featuring greater variety of flavor sealed technology that locks-in flavor, color and aroma and packaging that has a more premium fresh appearance. We're introducing flavored sea salt grinders across North America and Indian range of seasoning blends in the UK and further extension of our Vahin dessert items in France. For our industrial business, much of our growth in 2014 came from innovative seasoning through snack chips, crackers and snack bars, as well as beverage flavors and we have more in the innovation pipeline in 2015. With our foundation in spices and herbs industrial customers continue to view McCormick as the go-to supplier to help grow their range of healthy and flavorful products. Across both businesses 8% of 2014 sales came from new products that were launched in the last three years. The fourth factor to drive 2015 sales growth is customer intimacy. For retail customers our share of voice, social media presence, digital marketing initiatives, product innovation, and category analytics distinguished McCormick from the competition in just about every market where we participate. As discussed during 2014, were using our category analytics for optimized sales and profitability for us and our customers achieving a win-win solution. For industrial customers, a vital part of customer intimacy is support for our global growth, in this regard we opened a small R&D center in Brazil during 2014 and by 2016 we expect to establish a footprint in the Middle East to support our customers expansion into this region. Clearly our business at McCormick is well aligned with healthy category growth and we have strong initiatives underway to drive sales. Along with these factors an integral part of our long-term success has been our cost savings activity. As depicted on Slide 10, for the past decade a combination of our CCI program and streamlining actions have generated significant cost savings. Weve used these savings to fuel our growth through brand marketing and product development, offset material cost inflation and drive profits. In 2013, we began to go at this more aggressively with the announcement of reorganization activities in our EMEA region. This was followed in 2014 by the realignment of certain manufacturing operations in our U.S. industrial business and some additional SG&A streamlining in the fourth quarter. In 2015, weve set a goal to generate at least $85 million in cost savings, led by our CCI program. We expect additional cost savings this year as we wrap-up previously announced streamlining actions. Were also taking the next step in our North American effectiveness initiative that began in 2014. Following the formation of our North American organization and leadership team, were undertaking cost savings and productivity improvements in this part of our business. Through these actions, we expect to achieve annual cost savings of approximately $25 million by 2016. As demonstrated in previous years, we have the ability to offset the impact of material cost increases, minimizing the profit impact on both consumer and industrial businesses. For 2015, pricing actions and anticipated cost savings will be a major offset to the higher material costs. Let's move from sales growth and fuel for growth to our profit performance and outlook. We met our fiscal year 2014 sales objectives and exceeded the cost savings target. However, adjusted operating income growth at 3% was below our initial range of 6% to 8%. A major reason was the more rapid growth in international markets, but slower growth in more profitable U.S. businesses. As a result, we had a lower contribution to operating income, although there were some offset at the net income line through a more favorable tax rate. At the bottom-line, adjusted earnings per share rose 8% to 3.37. This was above our initial target largely due to the favorable tax rate and strong growth from a unconsolidated McCormick to Mexico joint venture. As you know, our long-term goal is to grow earnings per share 9% to 11%. On a comparable basis, weve achieved a five year compounded annual growth rate of 8% just below our long-term goal. While weve had solid sales growth, weve managed through a number of headwinds during this period, including higher than normal material cost inflation and retirement benefit expense. In recent years, weve taken actions to reduce retirement benefit costs including a lump-sum payout and closing our pension plans. In 2015, we expect both the retirement expense and material inflation to once again cause profit pressure along with the unfavorable impact to currency exchange rates. Were responding to these cost pressures with more aggressive cost savings actions while continuing to invest in marketing programs and innovation. Were committed to building our brand equity and competing effectively in each of our markets. Consumer demand for flavor is increasing and we want to help drive this growth. Let me summarize, Id like to recognize employees throughout McCormick and our leadership team for their engagement and accomplishments. As we navigate through this period of competitive activity and cost inflation, we are pursuing attractive category growth opportunities in a very robust environment for flavor around the world. One of our strategic imperatives is growth to win share with global focus and thats driving focus for me, as well as the entire organization in 2015. At this point, I am going to turn it over to Gordon for a closer look at the fourth quarter and our 2015 guidance. Gordon?
Gordon Stetz: Thanks, Alan and good morning everyone. As Alan indicated our fourth quarter earnings per share exceeded our projection with a favorable tax rate and higher joint venture income. These favorable variances more than offset a greater than expected decline in adjusted operating income mainly in our consumer business. Id like to comment on our sales and operating results for each segment. As seen on Slide 15, we grew consumer business sales 3% in local currency. The impact of pricing actions taken in response to higher material costs and higher volume and product mix contributed to this increase. Sales in the Americas rose 4% in local currency with the benefit of a 2% increase in volume and product mix, as well as higher pricing. In the third quarter, we discussed the timing of retailer purchases under our holiday display program. In 2014 versus the year ago period, we had fewer purchases in the third quarter and more of these purchases in the fourth quarter. A look at Americas consumer business sales for the second half eliminates the impact of this year-on-year shift in sales between the third and fourth quarters. For the second half of 2014 we grew sales in local currency 2%, with pricing up 1.5% and volume and product mix up about a 0.5%. This was a significant improvement from the first half when sales in local currency declined 4% due to lower volume and product mix. In EMEA, consumer business sales in local currency were comparable to the fourth quarter of 2013. We had sales pressure from competitive conditions in several markets along with a favorable impact from higher pricing, product innovation and expanded distribution. In local currency, consumer business sales in the Asia Pacific region were comparable to the year ago period. In this region we grew sales 5% in China, offsetting weakness in Australia and India. In total for the consumer business adjusted operating income declined 4% from the fourth quarter of 2013 excluding special charges and last year's loss on voluntary pension settlement. While we grew sales and achieved CCI cost savings we funded a $5 million increase in brand marketing support and business mix was unfavorable. Turning next our industrial business, fourth quarter sales were down slightly from the year ago period in local currency with lower volume and product mix largely offset by higher pricing as seen on Slide 20. In the Americas region we grew industrial business sales 1% in local currency. Throughout 2014 snack seasonings have been a source of strong growth, this increase along with higher sales of branded food service products more than offset continued weakness in sales to quick service restaurant customers. In our EMEA industrial business we grew sales 2% in local currency driven by pricing actions taken in response to higher material costs. Weaker sales of branded food service product led to the decline in volume and product mix in this period. Industrial business sales in the Asia Pacific region declined 9% in local currency compared to the fourth quarter of 2013. Given the news of weak sales from the large quick service restaurants in China we were appropriately cautious in our fourth quarter outlook. Even with this weakness in the latter part of 2014 we grew Asia Pacific industrial sales 2% in local currency for the fiscal year. We were extremely pleased with the profit results for our industrial business in fiscal year 2014 with adjusted operating income up 13% from a difficult 2013 and up 10% on a two year comparison to 2012. We achieved higher sales and increased margins from CCI cost savings and a more favorable business mix. As we anticipated in our previous earnings call, fourth quarter adjusted operating income declined mainly due to the lower volume in China as well as a year-on-year increase in incentive compensation. Across both segments adjusted operating income for the total business declined 6% from the fourth quarter of 2013. Gross profit margin was up 20 basis points due in large part to our cost savings efforts. During the quarter we funded $5 million of additional brand marketing programs. We recorded $3 million in special charges this quarter related to streamlining activity in EMEA and other regions. Below the operating income line the tax rate was 26%, this was above the 24% tax rate in the fourth quarter of 2013, but below our guidance due to discrete tax items. Based on our outlook we expect a tax rate of 27% to 28% in 2015, this range is an increase from the 26.3% tax rate for fiscal year 2014. Income from unconsolidated operations rose to $9 million this quarter from $7 million in the fourth quarter of 2013. This performance was led by our joint venture in Mexico which grew sales 8% and is operating in a new more efficient manufacturing facility. We expect this 2014 performance to lead to higher cash dividends paid by this joint venture to McCormick and expect further profit growth as well in 2015. At the bottom-line, adjusted earnings per share for the fourth quarter was a $1.16. As you can see on Slide 28, this was a year-on-year decrease of $0.04 compromised of lower adjusted operating income and a higher tax rate offset impart by the favorable effects of higher joint venture income and lower shares outstanding. Turning next to Slide 29, we've summarized highlights for cash flow and the year-end balance sheet. Our cash flow from operations in 2014 exceeded $500 million for the first time and increased $38 million from fiscal year 2013. This improvement included higher adjusted net income and the lower pension contribution in 2014. During 2014, we used $244 million of cash to repurchase 3.6 million shares of McCormick stock. At quarter end we had $116 million still available on our $400 million authorization. Our capital expenditures were approximately 3% of sales. Some of the larger 2014 projects included a plant expansion in Poland and plant modernization for Zatarains production in Louisiana. For year-end, we purchased a new office facility in Shanghai to accommodate our growth in China. In 2015, we expect capital expenditures of $130 million to $140 million. This projection includes a new facility to accommodate the growth of our Shanghai manufacturing operations, as well as construction of a production facility in the Middle East to support the expansion of our industrial customers. Our balance sheet remains sound. We are close to our target debt level and well positioned to fund investments to drive growth including acquisitions. Ill wrap-up our remarks with McCormicks 2015 financial outlook. As Alan described, we expect solid growth in sales and profit from our consolidated operations, higher income from unconsolidated operations and the benefit of lower shares outstanding. We expect to grow sales 4% to 6% in local currency to include higher pricing and a 2% to 4% volume increase. Based on prevailing rates foreign currency exchange is expect to lower the sales range by three percentage points. We anticipate a 4% to 5% increase in adjusted operating income from $608 million in 2014 with the projected increase driven by higher sales and at least $85 million of cost savings from both CCI and streamlining actions. Offsets include projected mid single-digit material cost inflation, unfavorable currency exchange rates, increase retirement benefit expense and an increase of at least 5% in brand marketing. Those of you who have followed us in recent years are aware of fluctuations in retirement benefit expense driven by the actuarial assumption for the discount rate. In 2015, we expect a $10 million increase in this expense due to a lower discount rate along with new U.S. mortality assumptions that reflect a longer life expectancy. Keep in mind that although we expect an increase in retirement benefit expense, the cash contributions to our plans are expected to be approximately $16 million, which is close to 2014s low level of contributions. Our projected range for adjusted earnings per share is $3.51 to $3.58. This is an increase of 4% to 6% from adjusted earnings per share of $3.37 in 2014. Along with higher operating income, we anticipate continued growth in joint venture income and further reduction of shares outstanding in the absence of acquisition activity. At the EPS line, higher retirement benefit expense and unfavorable currency are expected to lower our year-on-year EPS growth rate by about 3% and excluding these factors, our 2015 adjusted EPS guidance is a 7% to 9% increase. For the first quarter of 2015, we expect earnings per share to be up slightly from the year ago period, while our tax rate should be lower than the 31% we recorded in the first quarter of 2014, we expect operating income to be under pressure from currency rates, higher brand marketing, increased retirement expense and the timing of material cost increases versus our pricing actions. For fiscal year 2015, we expect another year of strong cash flow. This will provide funding for the higher dividend approved by the Board in November, as well as capital expenditures and share repurchase activity. Let's turn now to your questions, then some closing remarks from Alan. Operator, were ready for the first question.
Question-and:
Operator: Thank you. Well now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from the line of Alexia Howard of Sanford Bernstein. Please go ahead with your question.
Alexia Howard: So, can I just turn to the U.S. consumer business there seems to be a bit of confusion about the pricing strategy there and what were seeing in the Nielsen data versus the price increase I think you mentioned this time around. Were seeing fairly sharp reductions in price per pound to the tune of about a mid single-digit rate some of that might be negative mix which I think you mentioned, but were also just kind of curious about what is actually happening there not just in the quarter, but as we look out to 2015 as you take that next price increase. Are you worried about further share losses to some of those smaller brands and are you confident that the innovation that youve got in place is going to allow you to drive that mid single-digit top-line growth overall? Thank you.
Alan Wilson: Sure, there is a couple of things going on there. To first reiterate, weve made no changes in list prices in our U.S. business. We increased prices at the end of 2013 and in 2014 we've made no changes in list prices. So a couple of things were happening, one is, what we've seen is that more of our promotional spend in 2014 ended up in the second half of the year. The second is, there is a sizable controlled label which is an extreme value product which we've had in the market with one customer for a long period of time that was pretty heavily promoted in the second half of the year and it shows up as a McCormick brand and it is a brand that we own in the data and so that is driving some of it. And then in another case we actually took the number of units in our recipe inspirations from six spices in the line to three and reduced the price of that offering, so there is a good bit going on there. We don't plan any price increases at this point in our U.S. consumer business. We're dealing with some commodity inflation with our cost reduction activities and as you saw being more aggressive on that, but we expect to see more stable pricing in our U.S. business. Now we are taking pricing in our industrial businesses to help offset some of the commodity increases and in some of the other markets but in our U.S. business our plan is to hold pricing more stable.
Alexia Howard: Can I just follow-up quickly on that control brand, do you expect that intense promotional activity to continue as we go into 2015 and then I will pass it on? Thank you. 
Alan Wilson: We don't expect it to continue at the level that it has in the second half of the year.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Jonathan Feeney with Athlos Research. Please proceed with your question.
Jonathan Feeney: I wanted to dig in on the consumer volume side, because I was looking at this quarter and I know there was a sort of a seasonal shift last year but the comparison even for the half as a whole got, was relatively easy and the fourth quarter versus third quarter was easier. So I guess my first question on that is, did these sort of volume numbers particularly in the U.S. consumer and Asia-Pac consumer meet your expectations going into the quarter? And secondly I guess as we go into next year you have expressed confidence about sort of a comeback in that top-line like what gives you that confidence within consumer what regions make you feel like presumably thats going to be -- I think that sales growth is mostly volume driven why there would be that sort of inflection point? Thank you.
Alan Wilson: A couple of things in the U.S. business we did see a better momentum in the second half of the year than we had in the first half to the year and that's a combination of getting traction with some of our category management efforts as well as some of the new products kicking in which we're pleased to see. We actually grew share in recipe mixes that's driving some of the momentum there. And then the number of our markets around the world in France for instance we grew share both in spices and seasonings, as well as in desserts, and so we're pleased with the momentum we have there. UK is a little bit of a tougher competitive market and in China even without the acquisition that acquisition far exceeded expectations but our consumer business in China has continued to grow at double-digit, so we feel pretty good about that. The key effort and the thing that we have to do in order to make this plan is really to get core growth in our U.S. business and in spices and seasonings and that's where a lot of the effort is in this year both in terms of category management as well as innovation.
Jonathan Feeney: So I am interested just to follow-up on that, you felt better versus your plan in the second half versus the first half and I know the headline numbers were better but there is a significant -- I mean the first half of '13 and even if we go back to first half of '12 was stronger at least in U.S. consumer is a lot stronger but you are saying versus your plans second half was stronger than first?
Alan Wilson: I didn't say versus our plan, I said versus the actuals certainly we're -- we believe we have got a lot of work to do still in our U.S. business and we're encouraged by what we saw in the second half but we still believe we've got a lot of work to do.
Operator: Our next question is in line of Robert Moskow, Credit Suisse. Please go ahead with your question.
Robert Moskow: A kind of a follow-up to Jon's question, your guidance for 4 to 6 sales growth and organically the Company hasn't done better than 2 for the last two years. So I guess you are right Alan I mean you need to get big market share gains in order to achieve this plan and it has to come in from the U.S. Can you give us an update on how many of your customers have adopted this category management strategy that you have rolled out, I think last quarter you said that you were targeting 60% of the ACV you thought you were half way there, have you made any progress in that regard? And then also have there been any losses in that kind of metric, have there been any customers who have moved further towards private label?
Alan Wilson: I wouldn't say we've seen and actually what we've seen in the recent periods is that private label has actually declined a bit and the traction has come from some of the smaller brands but really small brands. And I would say that we're continuing to tell that story, I dont have a number in terms of is it -- and we are now at 70% of ACV, but what I would say is were continuing to gain traction with the story to get sharper price points on the shelf, again that sharper price points not because weve taken reduction, but because weve applied trade promotions more tactically and because were working with the customers to make sure we have the right mix of pricing on the shelf. Were continuing to see the category fragment, there is lots of competition and were continuing to work to build our share of shelf along with our share of voice in advertising.
Gordon Stetz: The only thing I would add Rob, this is Gordon is in the discussion we talked about healthy category growth rate. So it's not even necessarily true that weve got to have large market share gains, we just need to continue to grow with category growth rates and we hit those numbers.
Robert Moskow: But the category you said is growing about 1% right now in the U.S.?
Gordon Stetz: No, about 3%.
Alan Wilson: We said overall the category on a global basis is going to be growing in mid single-digits.
Robert Moskow: Okay, so 3% in the U.S. is the expectation?
Alan Wilson: Yes.
Gordon Stetz: Yes.
Robert Moskow: Okay. And then one follow-up just, I think you mentioned a value brand that you control and is showing up in the Nielsen data as being very heavily promoted, but what caused that heavy promotion on that brand, was it the retailers doing it and you do have any control in the future over whether they continue to do that? It cant be helpful to your core McCormick business when that happens.
Alan Wilson: Yes, it was a specific retailer strategy that implemented and were working with them on making sure that were maximizing the category.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Growe with Stifel. Please go ahead with your question.
Chris Growe: Hi, just had a question for if I could, in relation to the cost inflation coming through this year you gave some of the inputs where thats going through pepper being about half of the increase that would cut across both consumer and industrial. I think you said you're not going to take some pricing in U.S. consumer, so should we expect the balance of 2% pricing across the remaining divisions, I mean Europe consumer, Asia consumer as well as the industrial business or is there one division thats more heavily influenced by that?
Alan Wilson: Now it's going to be pretty balance between the industrial and consumer segments and given the fact that were not taking it in the U.S., youll see pricing elsewhere in the world and the other markets on the consumer side.
Chris Growe: Okay. And then just to go back to the question Alexia asked about the promotional spending being higher at least in the data that we see. I know there were some timing elements both to prior year and to this year should we expect any incremental promotional spending to continue? And I guess if I could ask the related question, if you look at your spending this quarter on marketing being up around $5 million I think youve been talking something closer to 11 million or more, was there any shift more so to promotion versus to advertising and would that continue in '15?
Alan Wilson: No, we expect - were going to continue part of our promotion is volume driven and so that of what you saw a little bit was a reduction in volume versus expectation, so we didnt get the volume hit, so we didnt take the spending. But were not expecting a change in how we balance it. In fact what were trying to do is drive more efficient promotion spending than we have.
Gordon Stetz: And Id just point out for fiscal year '14 the advertising component of the increase was the vast majority. We were up 15 million year-on-year on an advertising basis. So a lot of the activity is still continuing to drive innovation in the brand equity.
Chris Growe: It was less than expected in the fourth quarter though, is that correct, is there any change to your views on advertising in the quarter?
Gordon Stetz: No, we pretty much around the advertising campaigns that were planned, we execute it against those to Alans point some of the more volume-related promotional events fell out of the quarter, but the advertising programs were left intact.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. Please go ahead with your question.
Ken Goldman: Hey thanks for the question and Lawrence congratulations on a promotion.
Lawrence Kurzius: Thank you.
Ken Goldman: So Alan you talked about in the U.S. getting prices on shelf more in line with where you think is ideal for the category. And I think youve touched on this a little bit, but are we where we need to be or do you think customers still need to make some adjustments either up or down to kind of get an ideal revenue and profit dollar point at this point?
Alan Wilson: No, there is still work to do on the shelf and some of it is driven by the fact that there is an awful lot of value priced product. That isnt necessarily doing anything for the category, its creating more fragmentation and so what we want to do is make sure that we are telling the story that were giving consumers what they are looking for and that were getting our absolute price points to the level that makes the most sense.
Ken Goldman: Okay. And then following up is the M&A environment is it a bit more challenging than usual for you, I maybe wrong but I cant recall McCormick really talking this aggressively about share buybacks in the past. And I think usually your target is 1% to 2% this year its 2 you're being vocal about returning cash to shareholders. So, I guess I am just wondering are you maybe suggesting that alternate uses of cash are not as attractive at the moment or am I, I guess just reading too much into that?
Alan Wilson: No, I would say that we do have a very active pipeline and we're working hard as we always do on acquisitions just like we always have when we don't have an acquisition eminent, we will continue our share buyback and if it's a small acquisition we will continue it but if it's a larger one we may curtail it for a bit, but we're not signaling anything at all with that, we've got some very attractive acquisition candidates that we're continuing to work on.
Operator:
. :
Eric Katzman: I guess I want to follow-up on the inflation question. Gordon you highlighted that material cost inflation was up I guess mid single-digit and I just assume you are talking about the pure raw spices and seasonings but it would seem that there is a lot of other things that are actually beneficial whether it's just pure energy or derivatives such as like the bottles and the packaging. So when you look at I guess overall inflation for fiscal '15 what's your expectation?
Gordon Stetz: Well just to remind the Group of 80% of our cost of goods sold is raw and packaging, so it's an overwhelming factor as we -- relates to our overall cost structure. So the mid single-digit really is the driver on our margin. There will be obviously some benefit in freight rates we classify that more down in SG&A but it's not going to material enough to really offset what approximates $100 million increase in our raw material cost. So I wouldn't -- and that's why we're leaning heavily into our old CCI programs to try and help offset all this.
Eric Katzman: Okay. And then I guess the -- it sounds like at this point Alan that you are very reluctant, you are willing to take some pricing on the back of that inflation whether it's a consumer outside the U.S. but there is some industrial pass-through, I guess at what point in the U.S. do you feel that you need to, we don't really have a lot of visibility into some of those kind of more esoteric crops I mean is pepper -- I guess is the bias on pepper and vanilla and some of these other things up and that we have to worry about you taking pricing I just dont have a lot of visibility into those crops?
Alan Wilson: Well it's more around what drives the elasticity of our volumes. And so typically what we've been able to do is pass-through the commodity inflation but because we've seen such extreme volatility and especially with pepper thats the one drives McCormick more than anything else, over the last five years it's up by a factor of five. And so we feel like we're getting to a price point where it's pretty stretched and so we're looking at other tools to try to offset that and it's largely behind our cost reduction at this point. Now we don't think that we aren't going to be able to take pricing forever and ever but where we're at this point with the category and the competition is we feel like it's prudent that we're not taking pricing at this point.
Eric Katzman: Okay. And then last quarter on the U.S. retail strategy I think in the past you had alluded to some of the competition that had made gains they were finding space in other parts of the store such as like the produce aisle, is part of your strategy and are you having success in kind of getting your items out of the or in addition to the center of the store but getting placement in other areas and is that one of the reasons why you think you can maintain or recover share in fiscal '15?
Alan Wilson: We're getting products off this -- not just in the spice set but into other parts of the store where we have found competition and I will ask Lawrence to kind of weigh in a little bit on this.
Lawrence Kurzius:
.:
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question is from the line of Rob Dickerson, Consumer Edge Research. Please go ahead with your question.
Rob Dickerson: Just a couple of questions, the first question I guess is just Q4, I know in Q3 you gave down the operating profit income for the year but then you said, you missed the original guidance for the year and that was partially because of just a mix shift and faster growing in some of your markets and the margin differential in both et cetera. But then what was the real the miss in Q4, because it seems like in Q4 you grew consumer more quickly than industrial and within consumer you grew the Americas more quickly than what I would pursue to be your lower margin international business. So then -- and you also seemed as if you also pulled back a bit relative to reach the expectations that we had on the marketing side. So I am just trying to bridge the gap between expectation in Q3 for the year for operating profit growth and then what you actually reported?
Gordon Stetz: Yes, as we said in the remarks, were very pleased with the progress we made in the U.S. consumer business but it was not up to the expectation we had in thinking when we gave you the guidance at the end of Q3. And obviously thats a big profit generator in Q4 and as a result that was one of the main factors impacting the results versus what we were guiding to.
Rob Dickerson: And then the second question is just, I know in your Q3 call and I may have missed it. [Technical Difficulty] I just said on the Q3 call you had mentioned ACV or there was an acceptance rate of the new pricing program or the new strategic dynamics so to speak for the business and it seems like were only just in the Americas from the retailers. And I guess the one question I just had was what is the push back from the ones that havent accepted it, whats the reluctance for not accepting the new program?
Alan Wilson: Some of its just timing and our programs and our selling proposition is really different in the fourth quarter than it is the rest of the year because it's so promotionally driven and making sure that we have the holiday execution. And so were back in with that whole category management discussion. Now the push back hasnt been aggressive because weve a pretty rational story to tell, it's more as Lawrence said getting the category managers to understand where things are eroding in other departments not necessarily their cost centers.
Rob Dickerson: And then just, I mean it's a question, I am not sure again if you mentioned on the call, but was there a I guess two targets one on gross margin for fiscal '15 and then two was there a target for incremental marketing spend? Thank you.
Alan Wilson: We did not provide any gross margin targets and the incremental marketing target is at least a 5% increase year-over-year.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Akshay Jagdale with KeyBanc. Please go ahead with your question.
Akshay Jagdale: My question is on cost savings, obviously on the CCI side youve done a great job and you have aggressive targets for '15 and I know in the past youve done some studies on your SG&A as well, because optically it looks pretty high relative to the average for the industry. Can you talk about just the cost savings opportunity that lies perhaps potentially in the SG&A line because given the current environment obviously there is a lot of focus on cost savings in general? Thank you.
Alan Wilson: Sure, we recognize the opportunity that lies there, I mean some of the drivers on the line in general is our global scale which adds complexity and we have joint ventures below the line which require management resources. So those are factors we do want to remind people that require management resources and dont end up in a percentage in net sales because it's all below the line. But having said that, we continue to look at how we can become more efficient as well as effective through a faster streamlining of our decisions and more consolidation of back offices. In the more recent activities you are well aware of what we talked about for our European organization last year that is part of the guidance that we have this year as we continue into a shared service environment there, as well as more recently announced North American actions that align more effectively under the structure that we have now which again results in efficiencies in our decision making there. So it's a balancing act to make sure that we are being aggressive on that line, but at the same time we are growing categories and we want to make sure were putting proper resources behind the growth that these categories enjoy.
Akshay Jagdale: Thats helpful, just one follow-up. Can you give us an update on India and where you stand with that acquisition and the plans that you had in place?
Alan Wilson: Yes, were building our supply chain capabilities there, weve introduced some of the value-added products and were seeing those getting traction in the marketplace. Obviously, wed like to see progress faster, but were doing the things that we laid out when we made the acquisition and feel like we can see a positive path forward
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen please stand-by we're experiencing technical difficulty, so once again please stand-by.
Alan Wilson: I am sorry actually, are you there?
Akshay Jagdale: I am there, yes.
Alan Wilson: Sorry somehow our phone disconnected, so I am not sure how much of my answer you got. What I was saying you is we believe that India is a long-term investment and a long-term growth engine for McCormick. Wed like to see progress faster but we've done the things that we laid out in the acquisition which is moving the more value-added products, getting our supply chain and our supply base in good order to be able to grow the business and service the customers but we're not pleased with the progress and we believe that we can do better there.
Operator:
. :
David Driscoll: I wanted to ask a little bit more, I know this has been talked about quite a lot, but in the United States you have seen a 70 basis point share loss in the spice category but more broadly going back over the last four years of our new AOC plus the Nielsen data its a 330 basis point decline in market share for McCormick. The question is when I see share losses that large and ongoing share losses there is just a concern that fundamentally these price gaps really need to be put into a different place and that you should take a price decline. Can you respond it out and how do you think about these share losses, am I too concerned about this multi-year stretch of share losses?
Alan Wilson: No, we're concerned as well and that's why we're taking the actions that we are and we feel like we're doing a lot of the right kinds of things, we're driving innovation, we're talking to customers, we're talking to consumers and so we take this very seriously. We're in a growing category and through history we've always been the driver of growth in the category and we expect that we're going to do that. But we're not happy with the performance that we've had the last couple of years and we're doing things differently.
David Driscoll: Maybe just a final question is that on the long-term guidance the 9% to 11%, so including the 2015 expectations that you laid out you will have three straight years of missing the long-term EPS of 9 to 11 compounded rate in these three year period it would be about 5.5% I think you said in your prepared script the five year historical number was 8%. Why not reduce the long-term guidance, do you give much thought of that, is the long-term guidance just kind of a flag pole out there or how hardcore are you about that stuff?
Alan Wilson: What we really do is focus on what we need to do in the current year and as you know it's been pretty volatile. And as we think about where we're very long-term, we believe that this business should generate that kind of growth. We should be able to do the sales growth that we talk about with an acquisition or with a steady stream of acquisitions. Our acquisition record over the last couple of years has not been as consistent, so we've had -- the acquisitions we've made have been good but we haven't done one every year as our long-term guidance would suggest. The second thing is we've had so much volatility over the last five years in cost. As I said earlier pepper is up 500% basically in the last five years and so we've had to deal with a lot of volatility. And then the other pieces are the ups and downs of things like pension expense and those sorts of things. What we're really focused on is making sure that we're running the businesses the right way that we're driving the category and driving growth to be able to perform that way. So we do discuss the long-term goals, we lay out plans that we believe will hit it and then we adjust year-on-year based on what's actually happening in our, both our cost structure and with our customers. I will say the two changes that I think you are seeing for McCormick right now is we're being more aggressive on cost because we recognize we have to do that and secondly we're being aggressive in the marketplace with our customers. And in terms of bringing them ideas and bringing them lots of programs to help drive growth in the business.
David Driscoll: I think bringing comfort to the shares situation is critical for your investor base, it's very hard to see these kinds of share losses and then to know how the Company can achieve those long-term guidance targets and I just say that for maybe future calls. I will leave it there and thank you for the comments.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Andrew Lazar: Just to two quick questions on some of your smaller brands that you have talked that have been gaining share, just so I am clear on it. I guess first is what is the selling point or proposition do you think that they are using with retail customers to actually get this space on the shelf. And then I guess more importantly, once they have gotten some of that placement and we see that in the shares, whats the velocity of those items off of the shelf, are they actually delivering anything for these retail customers at the end of the day or does that make your case ultimately easier once you have the data to be able to go back to your customers with?
Alan Wilson: Yes, the selling proposition is a couple, one is, either an ethnic brand that will appeal to a different customer. I was in stores this weekend and walking through and I saw a Caribbean brand, I saw more of a Southern ethnic style brand, I saw Hispanic brands, I saw things that had meat rings that are for the ring goes to the meat department as opposed to the core category. So there is a lot of those sorts of things that people are using as selling propositions. Typically the velocity of those individual SKUs or even of those brands is much lower than what we see at McCormick and so thats a big part of our category story is to the trade you dont necessarily need all this fragmentation. There is certainly some, there is a value consumer, there is a premium consumer and then there is a consumer who is looking for things in the middle, we serve all those needs and so what were trying to help them with is, understanding the impact on their inventory levels and the velocity of what is actually happening in the category. So, we are telling that store, but there is a lot of different stories as to why brands are finding their way into the market.
Andrew Lazar: I guess just I guess from your perspective you believe you have enough of those options if you will for consumers and the retailers in terms of what they are looking for, so it's some much easier as we all know to create brands now and create disruptive sorts of brands whether it's social media and all that, and I guess wanted your perspective on do you feel you have enough of those sorts of options out there or do there need to some additional activity from you even if it's outside to sort of standard McCormick brand proposition?
Alan Wilson: And we are doing some of that kind of thing, as for instance with our bag brand, seven of the 10 that grew share in the last period were bagged spices. We have a bag brand with our Mojave Foods line and so we are using some of those as well as these controlled value players to as fighter brands to some of those. So there is a strategy there, but its not unique to the spice and seasonings category, were seeing it across food.
Alan Wilson: Since there is no further questions, I want to thank everybody who participated in todays call. Consumer demand for flavor remains strong, our geographic presence and our product portfolio are aligned with the move towards healthy eating, fresh ingredients, ethnic cuisines and bold tastes. Were investing in marketing and innovation to drive sales and in a competitive environment working with our customers to win at retail. Were stepping up our cost reduction activities and plan to use these savings to offset higher costs and invest in our brands. In 2015, we expect to deliver solid sales growth, higher profits and strong cash flow. We look forward to reporting to you on our continued progress in the upcoming quarters.
Joyce Brooks: Thanks, Alan and Id also like to thank those who joined us this morning. Through February 11th, a replay of todays call can be accessed by dialing 877-660-6853. The conference ID number is 13596246 and you can also listen to a replay on our Web site later today. If anyone has additional questions regarding todays information, you can reach us at 410-771-7244. That concludes this mornings conference.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-02 08:00:00) =====
Executives:  Joyce Brooks - VP, IR Alan Wilson - Chairman, President & CEO Gordon Stetz - EVP & CFO
Analyst:  Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein David Driscoll - Citigroup Akshay Jagdale - KeyBanc Chris Growe - Stifel Erin Lash - Morningstar Jonathan Feeney - Athlos Research Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank
Joyce Brooks :  Good morning. This is Joyce Brooks, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you for joining today's call for a discussion of McCormick's Third Quarter Financial Results and 2014 Outlook. We've posted a set of slides to accompany our call at ir.mccormick.com. (Operator Instructions).   With me this morning are Alan Wilson, Chairman, President and CEO, who will begin with comments on the latest financial performance and outlook and a business update, and Gordon Stetz, Executive Vice President and CFO, who will provide a more detailed review of third quarter results and 2014 guidance. During our remarks, we will refer to non-GAAP financial measures. These include adjusted operating income and adjusted earnings per share that exclude the impact of special charges. A reconciliation to the GAAP results is included in this morning's press release, as well as the slides that accompany this call. As a reminder, today's presentation contains projections and other forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from those projected. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or other factors. As seen on slide 2, our forward-looking statement also provides information on risk factors that could affect our financial results. It's now my pleasure to turn the discussion over to Alan.
Alan Wilson:  Thank you, Joyce. Good morning, everyone and thanks for joining us. Our third quarter results included solid sales growth, a significant profit increase and strong cash flow. This performance demonstrates our progress with McCormick's growth strategies and our ability to deliver shareholder value. We grew sales 3% with particularly strong growth in our Consumer business in the Asia-Pacific region, led by a 15% growth in China and in our Industrial businesses in the Americas region and in Europe, Middle East and Africa, EMEA. In our Americas Consumer business, we're making steady progress with growth initiatives to build brand equity and strengthen our category leadership. We have the right plan and good momentum. While consumer sales in the Americas declined 1% this quarter, that's an improvement from the first half of 2014 and we expect further improvement in the fourth quarter and in 2015. Gross profit margin increased in the third quarter and a primary driver behind our improvement is Comprehensive Continuous Improvement, CCI. With great work by employees throughout the company, we now expect our 2014 cost savings from this program to be at least $50 million. Our Industrial segment has been particularly effective in raising margins year-to-date in 2014.  Sales growth, higher gross margin and our diligent expense management led to a 6% increase in operating income. Income from unconsolidated operations also had strong profit impacts this quarter, led by our McCormick to Mexico joint venture. Along with 5% sales growth, this business has completed the transition to a new, more efficient production facility, a move that has raised its profitability. Clearly, earnings per share at $0.94 were ahead of our previous outlook. While we anticipated higher operating income, the tax-rate came in well below our projections. Gordon will provide the details on this. Importantly, part of the reduction reflects a continuing benefit on our anticipated tax-rate going forward. In the third quarter, we continued to step up our share repurchase activity and have lowered shares outstanding nearly 2% year-to-date from compared to 2013. This is one use of strong cash flow that McCormick generates. Our debt leverage is close to our target and we believe we're in a very good position for financing potential acquisitions. Between share repurchases and our dividend payments, we reached $323 million year-to-date in cash returned to shareholders, up 42% from the same period in 2013. Next I want to provide some general remarks on our latest 2014 financial outlook. Again, Gordon will go into more depth on this topic. We're maintaining our projected sales growth rate at 3% to 5%. We expect this growth to be driven by product innovation, brand marketing support, certain pricing actions and in the first half of 2014, incremental sales from WAPC. Sales were up 4% year-to-date, close to the midpoint of this range. For adjusted operating income, we've moderated our anticipated increase to 4% to 5%. Because we've increased adjusted operating income 8% year-to-date through the third quarter, this implies a flat to slightly down result for the fourth quarter based on several factors. First, we're supporting our brands and plan to increase our marketing support by at least $11 million from the fourth quarter of 2013. Second, we expect the growth of our International businesses to outpace the increase in the U.S. While this puts pressure on operating income, it creates a favorable tax-rate. And third, we're cautious about the near term demand from quick service restaurants in China and other parts of the Asia-Pacific region. Taking into account the new operating income range and the favorable tax-rate, we've increased our target range for adjusted EPS to $3.30 to $3.37. Overall, we believe this guidance will deliver strong 2014 financial performance. Let's turn to our business update. We're operating in a dynamic environment, with shifting consumer demographics and preferences, continued economic pressure for many consumers, exceptionally competitive retail conditions across channels and different choices being made by consumers when they're eating out. At McCormick, we're adapting our business to address challenges and to identify and pursue emerging growth opportunities, such as the creation of our new Skillet Sauces, funding for digital marketing to connect with consumers and investments in category management. Underlying all of our growth strategies is a rising demand for flavor. In a recent U.S. study, at a 90% response rate, taste remains the top factor impacting food and beverage purchases. For our largest growth platform, Spices and Seasonings, the latest Euromonitor projections show a robust 10% average annual growth rate for the next five years. On slide 7, you can see that a strong increase in Recipe Mix sales is also anticipated. We believe a number of factors are driving this growth. First, the rise of millennial consumers, a group that has strong interest in cooking, much stronger than the baby boomers. In the U.S., our data shows that both McCormick's gourmet and everyday products are well represented in millennial households. Second, the influence of ethnic demographics and the exposure each of us has to other cultures and their food. Cuisine specific or ethnic fare now accounts for about 44% of all U.S. flavoring occasions. Third, the increased connectivity of consumers. They're sharing recipes, meal ideas and lots of food photos. We have industry-leading digital programs and were recently ranked number five in a Digital IQ survey of 80 packaged foods brands in the U.S. market and we're number three in a ranking of paid search by ad impressions among the Top 50 consumer packaged goods advertisers. Fourth, there's a measurable shift towards healthier eating in many markets around the world as consumers turn toward fresh products that are ideally suited to flavor. We're partnering with government agencies and trade agencies to inspire healthy choices among consumers. And fifth, the rising middle class in emerging markets, while Euromonitor measures herb and spices globally as a $10 billion category, we estimate another $10 billion of product is sold in bulk. This is mainly in emerging markets where we see consumers gradually converting to the quality and convenience of spices and herbs as packaged foods items. Let's talk about our progress in driving growth within each of our two segments, starting with our Consumer business. We grew third quarter Consumer business sales 1% in local currency. As in recent quarters, the performance for this business varied across our geographic regions. The Asia-Pacific region was the strongest contributor with sales up a double-digit rate. Particularly noteworthy was the 15% sales increase in China. The growth in this market was broadbased, spanning a number of product categories, Spices and Seasonings, Recipe Mixes and Condiments. Our latest sales results in EMEA were similar to the second quarter with a low single-digit sales increase in local currency. We're driving sales with pricing actions, product innovation and expanded distribution. Although we continue to experience competitive conditions across the region. Our latest new product launches include Vahine dessert item, Kamis seasonings and Ducros recipe mixes along with Schwartz brand grinders refillers and Freshlock herbs and we're supporting our new products along with our core business in the fourth quarter. Let's turn next to our Consumer business in the Americas. In local currency, third quarter sales in this region declined 1%. This is primarily the result of the unfavorable impact from a shift in U.S. sales between quarters, offset in part by the favorable effect of higher pricing and our initiatives to drive growth. As I stated earlier, we're making great progress with actions to build brand equity and win at retail. Sales of new products this quarter included Grill Mates Burger Mix-ins, new Perfect Pinch flavors, extra rich vanilla, value sized grinders, and Zatarain's Recipe Sides. Retailer acceptance has been strong for our latest introductions, gluten free recipe mixes and our new Skillet Sauces. And in early 2015, we'll be relaunching our entire Gourmet line. We'll be differentiating our brand with greater variety, processing methods to include a flavor seal and packaging that has more premium, fresh appearance. In the third quarter of 2014, we had continued strength with our Recipe Mixes which gained a percentage point of share this period, driven by innovation and brand marketing support. We also had a great grilling season, compared to last year. Another action underway to strengthen our U.S. brand equity is increased investment in brand marketing and we're planning an increase of approximately 20% in the fourth quarter. These additional funds will boost our holiday campaigns with new television ads for Thanksgiving and Christmas. We'll build awareness and trial of the new Skillet Sauces and Gluten Free Recipe Mixes. We'll drive our quality message and we're supporting the Zatarain's brand. In addition to building brand equity, we're working to win at retail. We've discussed with you our actions in this area and let's talk about some of the signs of success. In our June earnings call, I reported on better alignment of retail pricing between private label, McCormick brand and competitive brands as well as new distribution for Lawry's and Simply Asia Food brands. In the latest quarter, we've been effective in gaining shelf space for our unique items like Grinders and Grill Mates, won distribution for our Lawry's brand Hispanic items at two major southeast retailers and made further progress with retail pricing alignment. In total, we're targeting category pricing discussions with retailers that represent 60% of ACV. Based on our discussions to-date, over half the retailers have accepted our pricing recommendations. Spice and Seasonings is one of the most profitable category for the retailer and our customers want to get it right. In addition to these bricks and mortar retailers, our e-commerce sales have risen at a high double-digit rate. This performance is a result of our global e-commerce team and dedicated support, such as feature search and recipe marketing. We recognize it's going to take some time for these actions to fully take hold. However, were confident that we have the right actions and the right team to deliver improved performance. Let's move to our Industrial segment, we had another strong quarter for this part of our business. Compared to the year-ago period, sales grew 3% in local currency and adjusted operating income was up 26%. While we're comparing to a year-on-year profit decline in the third quarter of 2013, on a two-year basis from the third quarter of 2012, adjusted operating income is up 6%. As in recent periods, our EMEA industrial business led top line growth, this quarter with an 8% sales increase in local currency. This was a combination of pricing actions in response to higher material costs, as well as higher volume and product mix. We continue to meet increased demand from quick service restaurant customers and participate in the growth of snack seasonings for food and beverage manufacturers. Snack seasonings were a top growth item as well for our Industrial business in the Americas in both the U.S. and Mexico. Largely driven by volume and product mix, sales in this region rose 3% in local currency. Our quick service restaurant customers in the Asia-Pacific region are currently being impacted by well-publicized supply issues. This is affecting our sales results in the region and has us cautious in our near term outlook as reflected in our latest guidance. Wrapping up my update on the Industrial business, we're pleased with the sales and profit results for the segment. We have good long term momentum and a solid innovation pipeline for further increases in sales and profits. To summarize, employees throughout McCormick are applying their energy and talent to adapt and succeed in a dynamic environment. I want to recognize and thank them. Through their efforts, we've achieved year-to-date financial results that have us well positioned to deliver record results in 2014. We believe that McCormick has strong business advantages within the food industry. These include our leading positions in growing markets, a breadth of products from value priced to premium, flavors for all types of eating occasions, market leading customers and an expanding geographic presence. Our strategic imperatives focused on people, growth and performance are driving our success and designed to build value for McCormick's shareholders. Gordon?
Gordon Stetz: Thanks, Alan and good morning, everyone. As Alan has described, our third quarter financial results included solid sales growth in many parts of the business, greater than expected earnings per share driven by our growth strategies along with a favorable tax-rate and share repurchase activity and significant cash flow. Let's take a closer look at sales and operating income for each segment. As seen on slide 14, we grew Consumer business sales 1% in local currency. The impact of pricing actions taken in response to higher material costs was offset in part by a slight decline in volume and product mix. Sales in the Americas were down 1% in local currency with higher pricing more than offset by a 2% decline in volume and product mix. As Alan indicated, were pleased with the innovation underway, stepped up brand marketing, and progress with our actions to win at retail. However, in the third quarter we had an unfavorable impact from a shift in sales. For more than five years, McCormick has offered retailers a holiday display program to encourage early in-store display and merchandising of holiday products. In 2014, we expect another year of strong holiday display activity, although retailer purchases are more skewed toward the fourth quarter than in 2013. In 2013, holiday display program purchases were more skewed to the third quarter due in part to a price increase effective in the fourth quarter of 2013. We estimate that this shift had an unfavorable impact of approximately 5% on third quarter 2014 Americas Consumer business sales and expect it to have a positive sales impact in the fourth quarter. In EMEA, Consumer business sales rose 2% in local currency, mainly due to pricing actions. Volume and product mix was down slightly this quarter as growth from product innovation and expanded distribution was offset by competitive conditions in this region. In local currency, Consumer business sales in the Asia-Pacific region rose 11%. The growth this quarter is being driven by our base business, which now includes WAPC. An 8% increase in volume and product mix reflects 15% growth in China this quarter with the strength in core products along with sales of our squeeze pouch ketchup and other new products. The higher pricing this quarter comes from India and relates to basmati rice costs. While the impact of this higher pricing was partially offset by lower volume and product mix, the net impact was a double-digit increase. In total for the Consumer business, adjusted operating income excluding special charges was $122 million, a 3% increase from the third quarter of 2013. This increase was mainly driven by higher sales and the benefit of CCI cost savings, offset in part by a $3 million increase in brand marketing support. As you can see from these results, we are seeing a faster pace of sales growth in international markets. This puts a bit of pressure on our operating income margin for this segment but has a favorable impact on our tax-rate as I'll discuss in a minute. Turning next to our Industrial business, we grew third quarter sales 3% in local currency due to higher volume and product mix and to pricing, as seen on slide 19. In the Americas region, we grew Industrial business sales 3% in local currency. We had strong demand for snack seasonings in the U.S. and Mexico including many of the new products that have been introduced by leading food and beverage companies this year. On the restaurant side of our business, sales of branded food service products increased this quarter, while sales to quick service restaurants remained weak. In EMEA, our Industrial business team had another quarter of great performance in sales and profit. In local currency, we grew sales 8% by pricing, along with volume and product mix. Demand from quick service restaurants remained strong and we had good sales of snacks seasonings in this market as well. In the third quarter of 2014, Industrial business sales in the Asia-Pacific region declined 1% in local currency. This is a slowdown from the growth we reported in the first half of the year. During that period, there was a significant recovery in sales to quick service restaurants in China that had been weak in 2013. However, demand from these customers slowed in this most recent quarter and as Alan indicated were cautious in our near term outlook. Excluding special charges, adjusted operating income for the Industrial business rose 26% to $38 million, resulting from higher sales, increased margins within the product portfolio and CCI cost savings. While we have more difficult results in the year-ago period and therefore a somewhat easy comparison this year, we are ahead on a two-year basis as stated earlier and pleased with the progress in our strategies to grow sales and profit for this part of our business. Looking ahead to the fourth quarter, we do not expect the same rate of operating income growth since the year-ago comparison becomes more difficult and were cautious in our outlook for the Asia-Pacific region. As a reminder, adjusted operating income was up more than 50% in the fourth quarter of 2013. For the total Company, operating income rose 6% driven by higher sales, CCI cost savings and more favorable Industrial business margins. These same factors also led to improved gross profit margin. And during the quarter, we funded additional brand marketing programs with a greater investment planned in the fourth quarter. We reported $2 million in special charges this quarter with $1 million principally related to the realignment of certain manufacturing operations in the U.S. Industrial business and $1 million related to reorganization activity in EMEA. Let me discuss this quarter's reduction in the tax-rate. In our January 2014 call, we provided you with an initial outlook for a 30% to 31% tax-rate this year. This was an increase from a 26.8% tax-rate in 2013 and included the estimated impact of a discontinuation of the R&D tax credit, a tax law change in France effective in our fiscal year 2014, the expected mix of business across tax jurisdictions and in 2013 we reported favorable discrete tax items. Last quarter, in our June earnings call, we lowered the projected rate to approximately 29.5% to reflect our latest projection for mix of businesses across tax jurisdictions for the fiscal year, including the faster pace of growth in China and EMEA. We now believe that the tax-rate for fiscal year 2014 will come in at approximately 27%. This reduction from 29.5% is a combination of three things; an updated mix of business across tax jurisdictions, France released final regulations clarifying the impact of the tax law change and other discrete tax items. So what are the implications of this? First, weve increased our projected earnings per share, which I'll discuss shortly. Second, the expected fiscal year tax-rate of 27% is now fairly close to the 26.8% recorded in 2013 and third, we anticipate a 28% tax-rate for the fourth quarter. Keep in mind that this compares to a much lower 24.3% tax-rate in the fourth quarter of 2013 which included some discrete items. Moving on to income from unconsolidated operations, our joint ventures had a strong performance with income reaching $9 million this quarter. In addition to higher sales, our joint venture in Mexico is settled into its new, more efficient manufacturing facility. At the bottom line, earnings per share rose to $0.95 excluding special charges. As you can see on slide 27, this was an increase of $0.17, comprised largely of higher operating profit, the favorable tax-rate and increased income from our unconsolidated operations. Turning next to slide 28, we've summarized highlights for cash flow in the quarter-end balance sheet. Year-to-date cash flow from operations was $276 million, up $48 million from the first three quarters of 2013. This improvement included higher net income and a lower pension contribution in 2014. During this period, we used a $178 million of cash to repurchase 2.6 million shares. At quarter-end, we had $181 million still available on our $400 million authorization. Our balance sheet remains sound. Were close to our target debt level and well-positioned to fund investments to drive growth including acquisitions. Turning to our 2014 outlook, we continue to expect to grow sales 3% to 5% in 2014 on a currency neutral basis. Keep in mind that this included an incremental impact of WAPC in the first half. Also, we now expect minimal sales impact from foreign currency exchange rates although rates are still moving quite a bit. We have moderated our outlook for adjusted operating income. We now expect an increase of 4% to 5% from $591 million of adjusted operating income in 2013. This change reflects an unfavorable impact from the latest business mix projection for the full year, offset in part by our anticipated CCI savings. Our planned increase in brand marketing support remains at least $25 million. As I indicated in my remarks, this latest projection of business mix has a favorable impact on the tax-rate which together with other tax-rate factors leads us to a higher 2014 earnings per share projection. We have increased our range for adjusted EPS to $3.30 to $3.37 from $3.22 to $3.29. This new range excludes the $0.01 for special charges recorded in the third quarter. With our year-to-date results, were on our way toward another year of strong cash flow. As many of you know, we adhere to a balanced use of cash and are committed to returning a significant portion to our shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases. In 2014, we expect to use nearly $200 million of cash for dividends and through share repurchases to reduce our shares outstanding by approximately 2%. As I conclude my comments, we look forward to reporting to you on our fourth quarter results in January and providing our outlook for continued growth in 2015. Let's turn now to your questions after which Alan will provide some closing remarks. Operator, we're ready for the first question.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Thank you. Our first question is from the line of Robert Moskow of Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse : Alan, you mentioned on the call that I think you had flowed through new pricing structures for the category in about half of the retailers or at least half of the retailers had accepted it. Can you give us a sense of what that means for your pricing in 2015? I imagine it's a positive but how is it a positive? Does it improve the relative pricing that you have versus competition? And what does it mean to your top line for U.S. consumer next year?
Alan Wilson: Yes what were talking about is actual retail pricing where we're analyzing the category, looking at all the stuff that's there and getting to the optimum price level for us and our competition. We're looking at things like margin parity, so that we make sure that the retail margins for our products are similar to the retail margins for other people. In some cases, it means raising the price -- the retail prices of some of our competition. The net impact of what that's doing, and also one thing I'll also make a point is getting sharper price points on some of the more price sensitive items from our standpoint. The net impact of that is its closing price gaps and we see that as very positive.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Okay and then a follow-up regarding China. I remember last quarter, I think your QSR business had shown some signs of improvement and now you're saying that you're cautious on fourth quarter. What has changed to change your tone? Is there something specific?
Alan Wilson: Well, as we went into last quarter, we were seeing increased foot traffic and some momentum in that business and then, as you've probably seen from our QSR customers, report of a supply issue which has impacted foot traffic again. We still see that business as being pretty resilient over time and the Chinese consumers tend to come back, but when they have these well publicized quality issues in the store, it erodes confidence and impacts short term traffic and we're seeing some of that like our customers have reported.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Alexia Howard with Sanford Bernstein. Please proceed with your question.
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein: Can I ask about the U.S. Consumer business? Over the past year you've had a bit of market share encroachment from private label and also from some smaller brands. Where are you in reversing those trends and how confident are you that the share trends will continue to be fairly decent? Thank you.
Alan Wilson: We're seeing some of the impact of the efforts that we've made between a combination of our new products, our category management activities and frankly some of those price gaps being closed. So what we've actually seen in the more recent periods and actually for the year, private label share in spices has not grown in the U.S. It's been pretty flat and in more recent periods, we've seen private label share flattening and actually declining a little bit. The second piece of that is we've actually grown share in the Recipe Mix category. We're up about a share point and so were seeing some of that. The share erosion that we've seen has declined somewhat. We were last year looking at about a 1.5 of share, now it's less than a share point and we're continuing to see momentum. So we're pleased that we have the right plans and the right kinds of activities that are going to continue to build that back. I'd also remind you that we have a healthy, growing category. So we have not seen the growth rates of category level off at all and so we're participating in good categories, both in Recipe Mixes and Spices and Seasonings.
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein: And then as a quick follow-up on the -- you mentioned acquisitions being on the radar screen. Are you continuing to look at fairly small bolt-on acquisitions, mainly in emerging markets or has your thinking changed on that? Thank you and I'll pass it on.
Alan Wilson: We are open and evaluate larger acquisitions. But the ones that we've had the most success with have been the tuck-in acquisitions that we know how to manage, largely in emerging markets, although we have some more developed market candidates as well.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of David Driscoll with Citigroup. Please proceed with your question.
David Driscoll - Citigroup: To be totally honest, when I looked at the press release this morning I thought, wow, this looks fantastic. Then as I get reading it further, guys, it seems more confusing. So a couple of questions here, the tax-rate, you spent a long time on it, but I still don't think I came away with maybe the most important issue here. Is this a sustainable rate for many years to go? It felt like last year when you gave the initial guidance, there was this massive increase in the tax-rate. It was a huge headwind and it was really a dampening factor on the outlook this year but lo and behold, here we are and gosh it's nowhere near that. So, the first question is, what do we do with the tax-rate long term and how do you put some confidence around it?
Gordon Stetz: The best estimate I would have on a go-forward basis for the tax-rate and I have to put two caveats around this because it's one of the factors that impacted the volatility you've obviously described. Based on current legislation and business mix, the rate that we provided for you for the fourth quarter of 28% would be a reasonable rate. Now, I appreciate the significant change during the course of the year, that significant change we spoke about is primarily a factor of the legislative environment and as we started the year, we had rules coming out of France that we thought were going to be a negative impact on that tax-rate and that was going to be a sustainable higher rate until the final regulations were published this quarter and we were able to interpret them more clearly and get advisory input on it and that became one of the biggest factors in the reversal of that outlook for the quarter. So I would say simply at the moment on current business mix and current legislation that 28 is probably a good number, but again, it's a volatile legislative environment and I don't know what different countries or different legislators are going to do as we proceed.
David Driscoll - Citigroup: Following on this, just wanted to ask about when you take down your operating profit guidance for the year, the growth guidance, does this affect management incentive comp and if so how much? 
Gordon Stetz: We have a mix in our yearly incentive comp that's based partially on EPS and so there's a positive impact to that although we look at discrete items and exclude those and the other part is on what we term as -- we call it McCormick profit but it's a proxy for economic profit which is operating income with a charge for working capital. So it will impact our management incentive comp in a way in a bit.
David Driscoll - Citigroup: No, what I'm really getting after right there guys is when we think to 15 do we think that management comp kind of comes down this year because of the lower op profits and then rebounds next year? And it's a factor affecting the algorithm? Or is that -- I'm just running too -- trying to be too specific on something?
Gordon Stetz: Yes, thats pretty specific but to recall, last year a big part of -- because of our results, our bonuses were impacted negatively and so we're building some of those back as we perform a little better.
David Driscoll - Citigroup: Last little detail. FX in the fourth quarter, you said for the full year it doesn't matter but rates have gone crazy. Can you just give us some comment on your fourth quarter FX impact?
Alan Wilson : Well certainly there is going to be downward pressure. We haven't quantified the exact impact in the quarter, but I would say we're definitely going to be experiencing downward pressure and that's incorporated in the full year guidance that we've given you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Akshay Jagdale of KeyBanc. Please proceed with your question.
Akshay Jagdale - KeyBanc: Two questions, first one, just a clarification on what you said on pricing, your pricing strategy in North America. Can you just talk a little bit more about that? Because what if your competitors decide to lower their prices or keep their prices where they are while you're increasing your price points? How should we think about that risk? And so maybe you can just clear clarify what you said before because I was a bit confused on that and then I have a follow-up.
Alan Wilson: Yes, just to be clear what we're doing is making pricing recommendations on the category. We can't control what our competition does, although I will say that what we've seen over history is when we lead in pricing and that's our pricing to the retailer, it takes some time for our competition to follow because of our share position. No other competitor is going to lead in pricing until we take pricing, nobody else does and then they follow it gradually and we're seeing that impact now from last year's price increase, just takes a little more time for the others to flow through. If they choose to lower prices or promote heavily and that sort of thing, then we'll adapt and respond like we always do.
Akshay Jagdale - KeyBanc: But just to follow-up, so the need for this arises from your analysis of the category relative to other categories and what's the general message that you're sending out to retailers, that prices need to be higher or lower or it's a mixed bag?
Alan Wilson: It's a mixed bag and frankly what we're trying to do is help them as they analyze the category with competitive prices relative to their competition and looking at the margins they're taking on McCormick items versus competitive items.
Akshay Jagdale - KeyBanc: Okay and just a follow-up on your guidance for 4Q. You mentioned the factors that are impacting EBIT growth to be lower now. I'm not clear as to which ones really change, right? So it seems like the mix impact is pretty significant on EBIT but is that because you're expecting lower consumer growth now than you did before or higher international sales growth? I mean it's not clear which one of those changed to cause that.
Alan Wilson: We're reflecting certainly what we've seen on the international markets and its impact on the margins year-to-date and what we anticipate on a go-forward basis into the quarter. So as we said in the call, we're maintaining the sales guidance but we're acknowledging that a lot of the sales growth year-to-date has come from the international growth and that's certainly impacted the margin structure and that's part of it. It's also acknowledging that we're investing behind our brands and we're having confidence in the programs that we have in place. We're not going to be pulling back on any of those programs. In fact, we're leaning into those in the fourth quarter, Alan described them to you. So that's a significant increase in Q4 which certainly is going to have an impact near term on the profit but we think it's the right thing long term for the category.
Gordon Stetz: And then the caution that we talked about in China.
Alan Wilson: Right, right -- in the industrial segment.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Chris Growe of Stifel. Please go ahead with your question.
Chris Growe - Stifel: I just had two questions for you and I'm sorry to ask another follow-up on this one. But I just want to be clear on the pricing recommendations that you're changing. Is there any direct benefit to you from these price changes? Is it more about getting the prices right to the consumer at retail?
Alan Wilson: More about getting the prices right to the consumer at retail.
Chris Growe - Stifel: Okay. That's what I figured but I wanted to make sure it was clear. It was a little confusing. Thank you. If I could ask about the U.S. consumer performance this quarter given you had this 5% drag roughly from shipment changes year-over-year, would it be fair to say your underlying growth this quarter in U.S. consumer was around 4%, just given the performance that was reported versus the adjustments that came through from the shipment planning.
Alan Wilson: Yes, that's right.
Chris Growe - Stifel: Okay. That does suggest an improvement in the business, that's good. And then one final question if I could maybe to Gordon on the gross margin. So you had CCI savings coming through. I guess you had some pricing as well offsetting cost inflation. So I'm just -- gross margin was softer than what I expected. Is that more about the business mix shift or are there any other factors we should be aware of in terms of offsetting inflation or CCI savings that kind of thing.
Gordon Stetz: It's geographic and segment mix.
Chris Growe - Stifel: Okay. Do you know how much that was in terms of a factor in the quarter on the gross margin?
Gordon Stetz: I don't have that quantified in front of me right now but it would be a significant factor.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). The next question is from the line of Erin Lash of Morningstar. Please proceed with your question.
Erin Lash - Morningstar: I was curious about the Skillet Sauces, the launch of Skillet Sauces. Obviously that has been a highly competitive category and one in which several other packaged food firms have entered. And you talked to the fact that the Spices and Seasonings category growth rates overall remain healthy. I was wondering -- obviously skillet sauces moves you further into that center of the store packaged food type space. And so I was wondering if you could speak to how your product is differentiated and how you expect to compete in that category.
Alan Wilson: The products that we've launched have been more instead of being more premium; have been more focused on everyday classics with a twist and so effectively they're liquid versions of our more popular dry seasoning mixes and so we think that distinguishes us. We've obviously as everything that we do, we test with great flavors. So we believe that's going to deliver and just to remind you, we're in the liquid category already with our Lawry's wet marinades. So while this is a new launch for us and a new category that has been growing, we believe it will help with the category growth rate. We're not going head to head with the stuff that's already out there. We've got a different mix of products.
Erin Lash - Morningstar: And then I was just wondering if you could speak a little bit more to the plans for the holiday in terms of how you're maybe positioning your products, if you're positioning I guess your products any differently given the importance of the holiday season in terms of your overall results.
Alan Wilson: I wouldn't say we're necessarily positioning them differently. But we are -- as we always are very active with display activity to make sure that the stores have the product that they need as the consumers are shopping for the holiday meals. We are continuing to increase our advertising and marketing support behind the products as we go into the fourth quarter and we're working with retailers to make sure to get those displays up and in the right place so that consumers can find them.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Jonathan Feeney with Athlos Research. Please proceed with your question.
Jonathan Feeney - Athlos Research: So when you communicate this mixed bag of pricing with retailers, are there any units for which you're actually recommending price should go up?
Alan Wilson: I would say generally no, but there are certainly at least in terms of our products, we're looking at what the right level of pricing to hit the -- for the consumer is and we're managing gaps.
Jonathan Feeney - Athlos Research: And you mentioned you've done a good job maintaining that -- I should say stopping any kind of encroachment in private label share. When you go through the data with retailers, is there a really big difference? Is it the big difference in velocity between your products and private label that makes it compelling for the retailers? Is that what you lead with? Or is it a difference in absolute dollar margin to the retailer? What is the bigger factor of those two? Because I know it's a category that you have a unique level of dialogue and frankly control over, given your manufacturing on both sides private label and branded compared to some other food categories.
Alan Wilson: Yes it's more helping the retailer maximize their dollar profit and get the right margin mix for the items and remember, in our category it's a fairly small, limited number of items that are duplicated across all the brands. So there is about 15 to 20 items which are duplicated from opening price point, private label and then all the competitive brands that actually matter. And so those we're really working on getting the pricing right. The broad array of the stuff we offer are the things that are unique to certain times of the year like poultry seasoning and sage at Thanksgiving and some of the baking items at the holidays. So it's really kind of managing those things that aren't necessarily -- that are duplicated so we get the pricing right and all the things that aren't duplicated making sure the availability is there.
Jonathan Feeney - Athlos Research: I guess just one follow-up to that, then. How is it do you think -- why is it do you think that retailers maybe got their pricing a little bit out of whack on some of these products? Do they not understand the consumer? Did the consumer change? I guess any thoughts you had on that.
Alan Wilson: Well as we talked in some of the earlier calls, we saw a lot of stuff that was coming in through either produce departments or through a DSD supplier that may not have been visible to the center store category managers and some of that is just bringing that to their attention because we're seeing lots of stuff that has just found their way in and we see it sometimes. And couple of the selling stores (indiscernible) is to help them understand the impact on their inventory levels for stuff that's not necessarily adding to category growth. So we're kind of telling the whole category story and that's the role that we can play given our position.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Couple of questions, why don't we start out with the advertising spend. It seems like during the year it's kind of been deferred each quarter to meet up with what your expectation was initially for the full year. So was there something about the product lineup or the landscape that's made so much of the advertising spend kind of fall into the fourth quarter?
Alan Wilson: Well typically, the fourth quarter is where we spend the heaviest and some of that spend is to support new products and so we've lined up the actual spend with the distribution level of the new products. So there is a piece to that that we've managed, but by and large -- because we do in the U.S. business and to a lesser extent in our other developed markets, and awful lot of our sales are skewed towards fourth quarter. And the fourth quarter is when we have our highest returns on investment for advertising.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Second, you talked pretty I guess aggressively about the balance sheet and the ability to look for M&A. I know you've been very kind of EVA or economic profit focused as opposed to kind of the rest of the world that doesn't seem to even care about that anymore. It seems like it's all about EPS accretion but -- how are you seeing multiples in your ability to drive economic profit again in that context?
Alan Wilson: Yes that's always the balance and we've been pretty disciplined. Through the years, we continue to be pretty disciplined on making sure that we can more than pay back the cost of capital over time for the deals that we make. Certainly that means that in highly contested deals we get bypassed in some cases. But we've been pretty disciplined. We know what our targets are. We are willing to pay the prices we need to pay but we also make sure that we know how to get the returns. And we have as you well know a pretty good track record on generating the value that we promise.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Okay and then last question I guess is it seems like maybe its 24 hour news these days, but it seems like the world is -- I don't know aflame in every region and we don't get great views on your input costs. I think Alan, you had mentioned to me at one point some concern over pepper cost rising. Are you seeing pressure on some of your crops and kind of how does that figure into what sounds like basically lower prices at retail for the spice category led by your discussions?
Alan Wilson: We are seeing some pressure, specifically on pepper and we're evaluating our plans as we go into next year. We're not making any changes to this year but we're evaluating how to respond to that for next year. But we're certainly seeing some upward pressure. It's pretty volatile world with everything from political unrest to some uncertain weather and -- but that's the kind of thing that we've always dealt with. But I will say that we're currently evaluating and getting our budgets ready for 2015 and making decisions on how we're going to approach it, what we do see as some input cost pressure.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Just last follow-up, but I think it's an important issue. So I kind of read your comments about the category management work with the retailers as essentially being lower price points. If you have somewhat inflationary pressure, you didn't comment about vanilla or cinnamon but does that -- do you have additional kind of productivity savings that can kind of act as an offset to all that looking into next year, which is kind of sounds like it's more relevant to next year in any case.
Alan Wilson: Yes and we are continuing to look at and beef up our CCI programs and looking at other ways to help offset some of that inflation and to make sure that we stay within the right gaps that consumers are going to be able to buy our products.
Operator: Our next question is a follow-up from the line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Are you able from an antitrust perspective to look at Spice and Seasonings acquisitions domestically anymore or do you feel more comfortable looking outside that category?
Alan Wilson: We generally are looking more broadly at adjacent categories in the U.S. market. And I wouldn't say never that we couldn't, but I will say that most of our targets in the U.S. market are adjacent categories not directly Spice and Seasonings.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I'll turn the floor back to Mr. Alan Wilson for closing remarks.
Alan Wilson: I want to thank everybody for your questions and for being on the call. We recognize that our financial results this quarter were a bit complex and with the tax-rate variance, the shift in sales and special charges. Putting these aside, we want to leave you with a few takeaways; we're making steady progress to improve the results of our U.S. Consumer business. We're driving increased sales and profits in a number of our international markets and we continue to invest in our growth and fuel these investments with above target CCI cost savings. This performance has us on track for record sales, profit and cash flow in 2014. Throughout McCormick, we're executing against our plans that have us well positioned for the future. Thanks for your time and attention today.
Joyce Brooks: Thank you, Alan. I would also like to add my thanks to those who joined us this morning. (Operator Instructions). You can also listen to the replay on our website later today. Thank you.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-06-26 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Joyce Brooks - VP, IR Alan D. Wilson - Chairman, President and CEO Gordon M. Stetz - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Ken Goldman - JPMorgan Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse David Driscoll - Citigroup Jonathan Feeney - Athlos Research Andrew Lazar - Barclays Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Akshay Jagdale - KeyBanc Chuck Cerankosky - Northcoast Research
Joyce Brooks : Good morning. This is Joyce Brooks, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you for joining today's call for a discussion of McCormick's Second Quarter Financial Results and 2014 Outlook. We've posted a set of slides to accompany our call at ir.mccormick.com. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.  With me this morning are Alan Wilson, Chairman, President and CEO who will begin with comments on the latest financial performance and a business update; and Gordon Stetz, Executive Vice President and CFO, who will provide a more detailed review of second quarter results and our latest financial guidance for 2014. As a reminder today's presentation contains projections and other forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from those projected. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or other factors. As seen on slide two our forward-looking statement also provides information on risk factors that could affect our financial results.  It is now my pleasure to turn the discussion over to Alan.
Alan D. Wilson: Thank you, Joyce. Good morning everyone and thanks for joining us. Our second quarter results included solid sales growth and strong cash flow, as well as earnings per share that exceeded the outlook that we shared with you in March. While the results varied by region, the overall performance demonstrated progress with McCormick's growth strategies and gives us increased confidence in our ability to deliver our 2014 financial outlook. We grew sales 3% in local currency. Both our consumer and industrial businesses contributed to this increase. Growth in our international markets was particularly strong, including incremental sales from WAPC, an acquisition that we completed in May of 2013. We also drove international sales with pricing actions and with higher volume and product mix driven by product innovation, distribution expansion, and brand marketing support. In our Americas consumer business, sales declined this quarter due to competitive pressure that began to impact our U.S. results in 2013. Also we are comparing to robust year-on-year sales growth of 5% in the second quarter of 2013 for our Americas consumer business. We are addressing the competitive environment in this market, and I'll provide an update later in my remarks.  We improved gross profit margin in the second quarter by 60 basis points with our comprehensive continuous improvement program, CCI, which is generating cost savings throughout the company. In addition, our industrial business team increased margins in the product portfolio this period. Sales growth, higher gross margin, and our diligent expense management led to a mid-single digit increase in operating income. While the increase in operating income was in line with our expectations for the quarter, we exceeded our earnings per share projection. This was a result of a lower tax rate and our share repurchase activity.  The reduction in shares outstanding through the first half is tracking at the upper end of our 1% to 2% target for 2014, and we maintained strong cash flow this quarter with the year-to-date amount of nearly $50 million from year ago period. Through the first half, weve returned $223 million to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases, a 22% increase from the first half of 2013. As Gordon will discuss in more detail, we are reaffirming our fiscal year 2014 outlook to grow sales 3% to 5% and deliver earnings per share in the $3.22 to $3.29 range.  Lets turn to a business update for each of our two segments, consumer and industrial. Our consumer segment is meeting the increased demand for flavor when preparing meals at home, and category growth for our two primary categories; spices and seasonings and recipe mixes remained strong. The latest Euromonitor 52-week data shows global sales of spices and herbs, up 5.2% and recipe mixes up 3.3%.  For McCormicks consumer business, we grew sales 4% in the second quarter and 6% year-to-date. This builds upon our year-on-year sales increase of 5% in the first half of 2013. However, the performance across our various regions was mixed with the international businesses leading the increase in this most recent quarter. Ill comment first on our top contributor, the Asia Pacific region and follow with comments on growth in Europe, Middle East, and Africa region, EMEA and then discuss progress with our actions to improve results in the Americas region.  In the Asia Pacific region, the incremental impact of WAPC drove much of the growth along with the underlying increases in China. For WAPC, it's been one year since we completed this acquisition, and we are extremely pleased with the results. The integration has been smooth and both sales and profits are exceeding our targets for this business. We are just in the early innings of gaining sales synergies between our WAPC bouillon products in Central China and McCormick branded products along the coastal regions.  Our base consumer business in China also achieved double-digit growth this period continuing the momentum from previous quarters. Weve achieved great distribution and consumer acceptance for our new 13 spice blend and our squeeze pouch ketchup. Ketchup is a leading retail item for us in China, and sales of the squeeze pouch are outpacing sales of our bottled ketchup and largely incremental to the category. With this rate of growth and strong performance, China is on track to be our second largest country this year in terms of annual sales when both consumer and industrial businesses are included.  Our sales performance in EMEA was a positive with a 7% increase. In local currency, sales rose 2% driven by pricing actions. Our volume and product mix were down this period with some initial reaction of the price increase. We are also operating in some difficult retail environments such as United Kingdom. In these markets, our brand support and product innovation are vital to driving sales. We launched a number of new products in the first half and are supporting these with incremental brand marketing, driving awareness and trial. We are encouraged by the initial response to a number of these items including flavor shots.  Looking ahead to the second half, our team in EMEA has additional products poised for launch that include Vahine dessert items, Kamis Seasonings and Ducros recipe mixes.  On slide six, we show two Schwartz brand items that well introduce to UK consumers; a no mess grinder refill pouch and a line of Freshlock herbs. This Freshlock range extends to the UK a proven product in France that answers the consumer demand for freshness with a vacuum-sealed package.  Lets turn next to our consumer business in the Americas. In local currency, second quarter sales in this region declined 4%. This decline compared to a strong year-on-year sales increase in local currency of 6% in the second quarter of 2013. As weve discussed, we are addressing some competitive inroads which began to impact our U.S. business in 2013. In this latest period, we had continued pressure from some smaller brands in the market place largely focused on certain product groups within our spices and seasoning category, and while our category share was down, the percentage decline was less than it was in late 2013.  We're taking aggressive actions to strengthen our brand equity and to win at retail. These actions are building as we progress through 2014, and we recognize it will take more than one or two quarters before these actions gain traction and help return to growth in this market. But we would like to see more rapid results. We're making steady progress in building brand equity. We introduced a number of new products in the first half that included Grill Mates Steakhouse burger seasonings, value-sized grinders, and Lawry's Oven Fry Mixes.  Distribution targets have been met and we're pleased with the initial consumption data. We increased brand marketing support in the first half with spice superiority and product quality messages and completed the redesign of our Grill Mates website for this summer's grilling season. Our latest ROI metric saw positive returns in TV, print, PR and digital. This gives us confidence in the efficacy of additional investments that we're making in 2014 to build brand equity. Our new products and brand marketing have led to recent share gains in the recipe mix category. We also had good growth with our Hispanic items and Kitchen Basics brand this quarter. As for winning at retail we've completed the realignment of our sales organization. Were using insights and analytics to set a gold standard for organizing the retail spice set. And we're having a more strategic dialogue with our customers on category management. Spice and seasonings is one of the most profitable categories for the retailer and these customers want to get it right. We're being aggressive, not only sharing our category management story but demonstrating our superior quality. Through the first half these conversations have led to some early wins that include better alignment of retail pricing between private label, McCormick brand and competitive brands. In addition we've gained new distribution for Lawrys and Simply Asia food brands and won a supply of private label from a competitor. So with the progress underway what should you expect from our Americas consumer business in the second half. First, greater brand support; in the U.S. we're planning an increase of at least $10 million in 2014. Through the first half the increase has only been $3 million. In second half we plan to direct our incremental support toward everyday cooking, new holiday advertising, superiority and quality messages and the launch of FlavorPrint, our personalized recipe engine.  We have a number of new products entering the marketplace. Our greatest emphasis will be on two of these. The first is gluten-free recipe mixes which had an accelerated launch this past April. And second McCormick's skillet sauces and flavors like [Tahita] with roasted chili, garlic and lime. These flavors leverage mainstream family favorites with a bit of a twist. Both the Gluten free items and skillet sauces are designed to build upon our momentum in the recipe mix category. We're already gaining good retail acceptance of these new products and anticipate strong consumer trial and repeat purchases. Again improved results for our consumer business in the Americas are going to take some time but we've had initial progress with the actions that we have underway.  I will turn next to an update on our industrial business. We're pleased with our second quarter results for the industrial business, particularly the significant increase in operating income and operating income margin. We recognize that this performance compares to a year-on-year profit decline in the second quarter of 2013. However, if we look back two years to the second quarter of 2013 industrial operating income is up 10% and the operating income margin at 8.6% in the latest quarter is up 70 basis points from two years ago; as with the consumer business the performance varied by region.  In the Americas we grew sales of branded food service products while sales to other food manufacturers were stable and sales weakness continued with quick service restaurants. The net income was a decline of 1% in local currency. Heading into the second half we're encouraged by our innovation pipeline which is more robust than a year ago. Customers continue to place an emphasis on health and wellness in their innovation with our foundation in herbs and spices we believe McCormick is well positioned. 2014 is on track to be another excellent year for our industrial business in EMEA, excluding any currency impact with a strong 4% sales growth this quarter driven by expanded distribution, new products, particularly with quick service restaurants.  The improvement in industrial sales in China continued this quarter with an 18% increase in local currency. This growth rate compares to weak demand from quick service restaurants in the first quarter of 2013 that related to concerns about avian flu and poultry menu items. Across all three regions we're encouraged by our industrial business outlook for the second half and believe that we will deliver strong sales and profit growth in 2014. To summarize across all of our businesses, our financial results through the first half have us well on our way toward meeting our 2014 objectives.  We've increased confidence in our financial outlook for the year and we're encouraged by the longer term prospects for growth at McCormick. We believe that we are well positioned with leading positions in growing markets, a breadth products, value priced to premium, flavors for all types of eating occasions, market leading customers and an expanding geographic presence. We are increasingly focused on the alignment of our corporate social responsibility efforts with our business objectives and strategy, recognizing that these efforts are tied to our business success. In the latest Newsweek green ranking McCormick was listed in the top 10 along the 500 U.S. companies included in this assessment of corporate sustainability and environmental performance. We're proud of this recognition and are pursuing opportunities for further improvement.  Across the company we're bringing focus, setting priorities and directing our resources based on McCormick's strategic imperatives with a focus on people, growth and performance. Together we believe that these imperatives will drive our success and lead to greater value for McCormick shareholders. Gordon? 
Gordon M. Stetz:  Thanks Alan and good morning everyone. As Alan has described our second quarter financial results included solid sales growth in many parts of the business, greater than expected earnings per share driven by our growth strategies along with a favorable tax rate and share repurchases activity and excellent cash flow. I'll begin with a closer look at sales and operating income for each segment.  Lets start with the consumer business. As seen on slide 12 we grew consumer business sales 4% in local currency. In the second quarter of 2014 sales from WAPC accounted for six percentage points of the increase and higher pricing contributed three percentage points. These were offset in part by a 5% decline in volume and product mix. In local currency this compares to a 5% year-on-year increase in the second quarter of 2013 which had no impact from acquisitions. In the Americas region sales were down 4% from the year-ago period in local currency, a 2% increase in pricing, following a late 2013 pricing action was offset by lower volume and product mix. In comparison consumer sales in this region rose 5% year-over-year in the second quarter of 2013 from the second quarter of 2012, an increase mainly attributable to higher volume as product mix. As Alan described competitive inroads have affected our U.S. consumer business and we have actions underway to drive performance. Along with early indications of improvement the category growth remains healthy for spices and seasonings and recipe mixes based on the latest consumption data. To a lesser extent we had some second quarter impact from a later start to the grilling season and the timing of our trade promotion activity which will be more skewed toward the second half.  In Europe, the Middle East and Africa, EMEA we grew consumer sales 2% in local currency as a result of higher pricing. Volume and product mix declined this quarter due in part to the pricing actions and the difficult retail environment in markets like the UK. In the preceding quarters we had better results from this region and have continued to invest in brand marketing and product innovation to drive sales of our brands. We expect to see improved performance with these initiatives and as consumers adjust to higher pricing. In local currency consumer business sales in the Asia Pacific region rose 76%. The addition of WAPC accounted for 70 percentage points of growth. We grew sales of the base business 6% and China led this growth with a 23% sales increase mainly from new products and expanded distribution.  For the Kohinoor brand in India sales rose slightly in local currency with significantly higher pricing offset by lower volume and product mix in the second quarter. Operating income was $86 million for the consumer business down 3% year on year. Higher brand marketing support and an unfavorable business mix reduced operating income this period, offset in part by the favorable impact of higher sales and CCI cost savings. We also had a favorable comparison in the year-ago period, the $4 million of transaction costs related to the acquisition of WAPC that were reported in the second quarter of 2013.  Turning to our industrial business, we grew second quarter sales by 3% in local currency due to both pricing and higher volume and product mix as seen on slide 17. In the Americas region industrial sales declined 1% in local currency. Demand from quick service restaurants remained weak in this market through the second quarter. We continue to work with our customers to draw restaurant traffic by developing flavors for new menu items. For the second quarter branded food service sales rose and sales to food manufacturers were relatively even with the year ago period.  In EMEA our industrial business achieved another quarter of strong sales growth with a 12% increase in local currency. This follows a similar growth rate in the first quarter of 2014, reflecting continued success with product innovation and distribution gains, largely with quick service restaurants as well as higher pricing in response to material cost increases. In the second quarter of 2014 we grew industrial business sales in the Asia Pacific region by 10% in local currency. This is also the same rate of growth we had in the first quarter of 2014. Volume and product mix in China continues to improve as this market recovers from the sharp year ago decline as Alan described. Operating income for the industrial business rose 26% to $36 million resulting from higher sales, increased margins within the product portfolio and CCI cost savings. While we had difficult results in the year-ago period and a bit of an easy comparison this year we are pleased with our profit growth and the margin expansion driven by our growth strategy. For the total company operating income rose 5% as a result of higher sales, improved industrial business product margins and our CCI cost savings. These same factors also improved gross profit margin by 60 basis points. And during the quarter we funded additional brand marketing programs with more investments plans in the upcoming quarters.  The tax rate this period was favorable at 28.5% compared to 29.6% in the year ago period. The tax rate that we now expect for the fiscal year is approximately 29.5%. This is below our initial estimate for 2014 of 30% to 31% and reflects our latest projections for a mix of business across tax jurisdictions for the fiscal year. Income from unconsolidated operations was up slightly with strong performance from our joint venture in Mexico. We reported earnings per share of $0.64. This was an 8% increase from $0.59 in the year ago period and driven by higher operating income, the lower tax rate and lower shares outstanding.  Lets turn next to some highlights for cash flow and the quarter-end balance sheet as summarized on slide 26. Cash flow from operations was a $182 million through the first half, up $49 million from the first half of 2013. This improvement included a lower pension contribution in 2014. During this period we used a $126 million of cash to repurchase one million shares and at quarter end we had $234 million still available on our $400 million authorization. Our balance sheet remains sound and we are close to your target debt level and well positioned to fund investments to drive growth including future acquisitions.  Turning to our 2014 outlook we are reaffirming our projections for sales growth, operating income and earnings per share. At the top line we still expect to deliver 3% to 5% sales growth on a currency neutral basis, driven by increased volume, higher pricing and in the first half the incremental impact of WAPC. As we have indicated we reached our first year anniversary for this acquisition at the end of May. We continue to expect currency to reduce sales by approximately one percentage point in 2014 based on prevailing exchange rates. We reaffirm our outlook for growth of 6% to 8% in operating income when compared to $591 million of adjusted operating income in 2013. This projection includes the benefit of CCI cost savings that are expected to reach at least $45 million for 2014, and an increase in brand marketing support of at least $25 million. And we are reaffirming our earnings per share projection of $3.22 to $3.29. With the reduction in our tax rate projection to approximately 29.5% we have greater confidence in reaching the upper end of this range in 2014. Even at 29.5% the expected 2014 rate is still an increase from the 2013 rate of 26.75%. On slide 28 we show the impact of this tax rate variance and $0.01 in special charges on our EPS growth rate. Together these variances have an unfavorable impact of four percentage points on the 2014 projected EPS growth rate.  With our first half results we are on our way towards another year of strong cash flow. As many of you know we adhere to a balanced use of cash and are committed to returning a significant portion to our shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases. In 2014 we expect to use nearly $200 million of cash for dividend and through share repurchases to reduce our shares outstanding by 1% to 2% this year. As I conclude my comments we are confident in our ability to deliver on our 2014 financial objectives and look forward to reporting on our progress in the upcoming quarters. And now let's turn to your questions after which Alan will provide some closing remarks. Operator, we are ready for the first question.
Operator: Thank you. We'll now be conducting a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). Thank you. Our first question is from the line of Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Ken Goldman - JPMorgan: Hi, thanks for the question. Alan your Nielsen numbers, they showed a decline but not to the degree you reported domestically. So I guess I am curious if you could help us understand that disparity a bit. Gordon touched on a later grilling season, so I am curious if it was a shipment timing issue or may be channel issue or non-measured, maybe doing a little bit less impressively than measured, I am just trying to, I guess, understand that dynamic a bit better?
Alan D. Wilson: It's pretty hard to calibrate all the different sources of information. We use IRI and we have a custom database, so from our outlook I'll talk more generally without trying to get into specifics of the data as to what's happening. From our view, what we saw was less of a decline in share than we saw in the fourth quarter of last year. Partly, we think that some of our efforts at retail are starting to have an impact. It's going to be -- it's going to take some time, and we expect that we will win. But in terms of getting to the data specifics, it's really hard for us to get. There was a later start to the grilling season. The weather was not favorable for grilling. We're expecting a pretty good grilling season as we go through the summer, and we're planning to extend it through the third quarter and even through Labor Day and to tailgate season, so we're pretty encouraged. Most of our new products are going to hit in the second half of the year, and we're pretty excited about those as well. 
Ken Goldman - JPMorgan: Thank you. And then if I can ask one more, Gordon we're seeing a good number of packaged food companies thinking about rationalizing production and overhead in the U.S., even mills right, which has an ongoing cost savings program just like yours, I think is going this route. So curious if you guy are considering going down this road or if are you comfortable with your cost structure I guess at the moment?
Gordon M. Stetz: Well, you always need to challenge yourself to be competitive, and thats the whole nature of the CCI environment, and the idea behind the program, as you know Ken, when we developed it a few years ago was to keep looking at those opportunities on a go forward basis, and you can never stop. I will calibrate it a bit though in that if you recall a few years ago in the North American businesses in particular, we did some significant rationalization, particularly in the consumer side where we did reduce a number of plants , and so therefore our footprint is pretty consolidated here at the U.S. in our consumer business. In the industrial side, our plants tend to be more specialized for customer service needs, and having said that, we constantly look at our network and the best way to organize ourselves. So we still look for these opportunities all the time. 
Alan D. Wilson: And we have adjusted our SG&A and headcount for the volumes that weve seen in -- both in manufacturing as well as in our headquarters. 
Ken Goldman - JPMorgan: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard of Sanford Bernstein. Please proceed with your question.
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein:  Good morning everyone. Can I just ask for a little bit more granularity on the share losses? Could you remind us, is it concentrated in a particular region with a particular type of retailer? Is it private label you are losing shares to or value brands or premium brands? And do you know which consumer segments you are losing share to, is it a Hispanic group, is it millennial consumers, or older consumers? Just a little bit more detail on how you are seeing the development of about share changes? Thank you.
Alan D. Wilson: Yeah, it has changed a bit in the more recent periods. Private label is more flat. Most of the -- we have one larger branded competitor and that competitor is relatively flat. And so what we are seeing is very small inroads from a number of small and regional competitors that are gaining one-tenth of a share point or two-tenths of a share point. Their overall share base is still less than 1% or 2%, I think as I looked at the most recent period, and of the ten brands that gained share, no one other than McCormick, by the way, our core A to Z actually gained a slight bit in the most recent period, but nobody had more than 2% share in all that.  So it's pretty -- whats happening is the consumer and the retailers are pretty fragmented and some of thats from the value end, some of thats from the premium end. We compete across both of those segments. And so weve got different tactics that we are using to compete with the super-premium, and in some cases even bag spices that are finding their way into measured markets, and then on the premium end with what we are doing with our innovation. 
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein: Great, thank you very much. Ill pass it on. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Robert Moskow of Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question. 
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Hi, thank you. Hey Gordon, I was trying to reconcile the guidance with the operating income being up 6% to 8%, the tax rate down, share count down, we are getting a number that seems to go beyond the high end of your range for EPS at $3.29. I just want to make sure I am doing this right. So is the 6% to 8%, is there -- are we supposed to reduce that for currency or is that 6% to 8% absorbing the currency?
Gordon M. Stetz: It's getting pressure from currency, Id say that. But I dont want to be more specific than that. Obviously currency is going to put some pressure on that number. The other thing on the operating income line, as you heard Allen talk about is, we are supporting our business in the back half of the year. Weve spent year-to-date $11 million in advertising promotion, and weve said at least $25 million in the back half. So thats going to be a factor impacting those numbers as well.  And then just to help calibrate the tax rate, that tax rate un-favorability as you know is very much weighted towards the back half of the year. So thats also -- something else needs to be factored in, because that all starts to occur, I think our last years rate for the second half was a little north of 25%, and at 29.5% thats quite a drag on the EPS in the back half of the year.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Okay, Gordon I get that, but just to be more clear, your sales guidance is in constant currency. So I know what to do with that and you have a 1% hit for ForEx on the top line. Is it also a 1% hit on the operating income line, does is it flow through and is it 6% to 8% ex-currency or not?
Gordon M. Stetz: The 6% to 8% is not ex-currency, that's all in. So it would reflect whatever pressure that currency drops through to the bottom line. And generally it's not a one for one relationship but there is certainly a negative hit on that 6% to 8% from currency.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: All right, I got it now. So last question, in fourth quarter that's your biggest quarter, especially in the U.S. for seasonal reasons. Are your market share -- do you expect your market share to be down again in fourth quarter in the U.S. Alan or are you going to have lapsed those market share losses by that time, and if we can expect kind of a normal growth pattern for fourth quarter?
Gordon M. Stetz: We expect to stabilize and start to grow our share but certainly in the fourth quarter we think we will lapped the impact in share from last year. 
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Okay. So you expect like a pretty good seasonal time period this year. Have gotten initial sell-in already for how much inventory your customers are looking at for the seasons?
Gordon M. Stetz: Yeah we're selling in right now. The display programs are the easy things for us to track. The turn orders are a little more difficult but we're encouraged by what we're seeing with our holiday sale-in at this point. 
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Great, thank you. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of David Driscoll of Citigroup. Please proceed with your question. 
David Driscoll - Citigroup : Great, thank you and good morning. 
Gordon M. Stetz: Good morning Dave.
David Driscoll - Citigroup : Want to go back to the question that Rob was asking a moment ago about the guidance. I am going to try it differently though. So if all the numbers are unchanged, except we have a nice lower tax rate, 100 basis points of tax if I go from the midpoint of what the prior range was to the new one, thats worth like a nickel.  So the other observation is that the segment results are coming in especially this quarter weaker than what we had modeled. So is it fair to say that within this range of operating income of 6% to 8% that you are now towards the lower end of this and then the tax comes in to give you the confidence to reiterate the range. Is that a correct way to look at these pieces of guidance? 
Gordon M. Stetz: It's certainly from the operating results from the quarter we had puts and takes. We had the strong growth in the international markets and then we had obviously the U.S. consumer results that you saw as we reported. It's too early for us to be that specific. I think all we are saying at this stage is really that we acknowledge that the tax rate is more favorable so that gives us more confidence in the upper end of the range.  As we progress through the year, I think our statements around that operating income range we firm those up as we see the traction in the U.S. consumer business and how the programs are playing out as we progress through the year.
David Driscoll - Citigroup : All right. I guess I was hoping that you might give me confidence that you actually can hit the upper end of that operating income because of course the second quarter numbers would may be give most people the opposite impression given the declining consumer, I mean which is obviously very concerning. 
Gordon M. Stetz: While we certainly are encouraged as you heard in Alan's comments, by all the programs and activities that we have lined up for the back half of the year. So I don't want to convey that we don't believe we're able to certainly return to a growth mode in that business. But at the same time as you know the third and fourth quarter start to be the biggest parts of our year. So we just have to see how it plays out for the rest of the year.
David Driscoll - Citigroup : Okay. Last question just on the tax rate. This is a little specific so apologies for it but it's important, the lower tax rate is it a function of specific discrete benefits or would you describe this as more of a mix issue because obviously when you have the U.S. business under performing it fundamentally has a mix effect on the tax rate. But I would like to understand the difference between the discrete benefits and the mix issue? 
Gordon M. Stetz: Yeah there is some minor discrete benefits and by the vast majority of the adjustments reflects the mix of the geographies across tax jurisdictions. 
David Driscoll - Citigroup : Okay, thank you. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Jonathan Feeney with Athlos Research. Please proceed with your question. 
Jonathan Feeney - Athlos Research: Good morning, thank you very much. 
Gordon M. Stetz: Good morning Jon, how are you? 
Jonathan Feeney - Athlos Research: A couple of questions. First on WAPC benefits, as you lap the closing the transaction, May 31, do you anticipate still getting kind of desk distribution benefits and then as we go forward will that be reported -- wont be reported separately but is that going to lift the same store results, I guess of the business? Is WAPC growing on a same-store basis right now?
Alan D. Wilson: Yeah WAPC is growing on a same-store basis and we do expect that to continue. It's continuing to expand both geographically and in penetration. And the other thing that we are working and starting to do is to develop some synergies between our core selling force from the coastal region where they sell more of the WAPC items, and the WAPC sales force which will sell more of the McCormick items in the central region. So we are encouraged by the growth rate there and pretty bullish on that business. 
Jonathan Feeney - Athlos Research: Thanks Alan. And one other thing I want to follow up on you had a comment in your prepared remarks about being pleased with the ROI you are getting on the ad spending and media spending you are doing in the, I think that was a U.S. market you are referring to. Could you give us more clarity on how you measure that? And if you are getting positive ROIs does that mean well see more of spending in the U.S. market to sort of turn things around second half of the year?
Alan D. Wilson: Yeah, and thats exactly what weve said as well. The way we measure that is with the classic marketing mix and we are looking at the impact on that marketing in the short term. Where we are spending our money is about half in TV half in digital and PR and so we are encouraged by what we are seeing. What youll see in the back half is additional support for our big programs like holiday, fall cooking and also some digital initiatives that will help to drive some of our new product sales. 
Jonathan Feeney - Athlos Research: Great, thank you very much. 
Alan D. Wilson: Thanks, Jon.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Please proceed with your question. 
Andrew Lazar - Barclays: Good morning everyone. Thanks for the question. Alan you talked about the market share losses in the quarter, spice and seasoning business not being as significant as they were compared to the fourth quarter. And how did they compare I guess sequentially versus the first quarter? Because I think as of the last conference call you certainly sound relatively optimistic tone at least from an early days preliminary perspective on the reaction to some of the things you are trying to do in the market place. And in this call obviously suggesting making progress but of course still have a ways to go. So I am trying to get a sense of anything has changed from the first quarter? And if so what led to that?
Alan D. Wilson: No, I wouldnt say that anything has changed from the first quarter this year. Results are pretty similar. I will say if there is anything there is a little bit of optimism because we grew share in recipe mixes and have started to see some growth there. But I wouldnt say that there is a dramatic change from the first quarter.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays: Okay, and then in terms of seasonal selling and such, I guess the last year or two I may have it wrong, you sort of pushed forward or pulled forward the time frame in which you will sell in a lot of seasonable displays because you found that the sooner those kind of get in store the more folks are charged up around the seasons and end up coming back and such. Is that a program that you are staying with around the timing and for those reasons, or has it already changed based on last year or so?
Alan D. Wilson: Yeah we still have the holiday program which weve had for, I think about eight or nine years now which is to get the specific displays in the store it is early as possible. Obviously year-on-year we have a lot of fluctuation based on the timing that some specific large customers take their holiday shipments. Sometimes they will be in the third quarter sometimes theyll be in the fourth, last year because it was also combined with the price increase we had a fairly heavy buy in on that and saw the impact in the third quarter and then the resulting hang over in the fourth.  But we're still offering that program. We dont think it will be as significant this year as it were last year when we are having a price increase.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays: Got it, right in terms of the shift between quarters.
Alan D. Wilson: Yeah. We expected to be and this year actually does look like more of a normalized pattern and we are seeing some of that with our shipments in the second quarter versus the third that are going to be close into consumption. 
Andrew Lazar - Barclays: Thanks and very last thing. This updated sort of ideal shelf set, gold standard shelf set, are there certain -- what are the certain timeframes in which your sales team is able to sort of get this sold in and more importantly that those shells would get reset, either there are certain one or two time frames through the course of your fiscal year where you can really expect once they are sold in for them to start actually happening in store? 
Alan D. Wilson: Yeah most customers have their own timing. So it's not a there is not a specific time across the country where that happens. Some customers reset generally most customers who want to reset prior to the fall specifically in our category. But we're cutting in new items in January and we're cutting in new items in June. So it's hard to say that this is specific time for that. But where we are, and we're seeing progress in helping customers understand that this is a very, very profitable category for them that our interests are really aligned and the more they sell premium branded products the higher the level of their profit. And we bring consumers to be the shelf and that's the thing that we are working with them on it. 
Andrew Lazar - Barclays: Thanks very much. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Eric Katzman of Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question. 
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Hi, good morning. 
Alan D. Wilson: Good morning Eric. 
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: I have two questions first top line related to focus on EMEA for a second, is it -- I mean it sounds like the industrial side of things continues to go well there but it almost sounds like from your comments around the UK which is such an important market for you that things have gotten a little bit worse? Is that accurate and if so kind of what are the plans to try to improve the UK? 
Alan D. Wilson: Yeah the UK market is specifically tough market. There has been a lot of press on the large customers there and some of their challenge is specific to what we're doing in our business. It's very similar to what we're doing in the U.S. with new products and with supporting our brands with advertising. In the short term what we saw was a fair amount of competitive activity and a recipe mix category in the UK we're responding pretty aggressively with our own promotional plans. 
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: All right and then to kind of switch over, I think you've been calling for somewhat inflationary trends in your -- input cost base for a bit but can you update us on that, is there any more concern? It seems like there is just generally a little more inflation than everybody expected. And then related to that you took the price increase last fall I think in retrospect you said may be it wasn't the right thing to do or the right time. And given all the competition even with input cost pressure are you unlikely to take pricing on the consumer side going into '15?
Alan D. Wilson: Yeah we're not anticipating any near term pricing, any new near term pricing in our consumer business at this point. We may have some adjustments in our industrial business to reflect changes in commodity costs but we're not anticipating near term that we will be doing that. There is some upward cost inflation specifically in commodities like pepper and vanilla and we're working with our CCI programs to help to try to offset those. Obviously if it gets excessive then we'll readjust our thinking. But certainly we're not anticipating anything before the end of 2014. 
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Okay and Gordon just remind me what inflation level are you assuming for the year again? 
Gordon M. Stetz: We said it was in the low single digits, 2% to 3%. 
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Okay. I'll pass on, thank you.
Alan D. Wilson: Thanks Eric. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Akshay Jagdale with KeyBanc. Please proceed with your question.
Akshay Jagdale - KeyBanc: Good morning. 
Alan D. Wilson: Good morning Akshay. 
Akshay Jagdale - KeyBanc: So couple of questions just on the end demand and what you see as it relates to your consumer business, because I think you get some good read through on what's happening with packaged food customers and then QSR. So the first question in the U.S. could you talk a little bit about the innovation pipeline for your packaged food customers as you see it? I think a little bit ago you had said that youre pretty optimistic about that high price and it doesnt seem to have played through. So perhaps you could just give us your perspective on whats happened there with the little bit of history as to why it hasnt played through if I am correct about that.  And then the second question is on the state of demand or state of things in the QSR segment in China if you can help us to understand from your perspective where we are relative to all the issues that have taken place from a food security perspective. So those are my two questions. Thank you. 
Alan D. Wilson: Yeah, sure. On U.S. foods we are seeing a bit of a mix with our customer base. Our snack customers are continuing to do pretty well and continuing to innovate and were seeing that reflected. Our packaged food customers are struggling with core volume and part of the way that they are trying to overcome that is with new product innovation that we are working with them on. Now so what we have was packaged foods or with our consumer food manufacturer customers so far in the U.S. at least is relatively flat; snack are -- co-processed foods, kind of down a little bit and new product not quite offsetting those.  We have a stronger innovation pipeline this year than we had at this time last year. So we continue to have a good outlook on that obviously as customers adjust their thinking and focus more on promotional spending or on driving different core products, they may change that. Our innovation pipeline is stronger this year than last year in our U.S. business.  In China what we are seeing is a recovery in QSR, driven I think a lot by our customers having an increased frequency promotions and limited time offers to bring consumers back to the stores. Theyve historically been pretty resilient and they are obviously up again some weaker comparisons from last year. But we are encouraged by what we are seeing with both new product activity in China as well as the increased food traffic that they are getting to the stores and we are seeing a renewed confidence in new store openings there as well. So we are optimistic on the outlook there. 
Akshay Jagdale - KeyBanc: And just on India if I can. So can you I know it a smallish percentage of your overall business but its one of those rare things where you acquire business and it doesnt grow as well as you plan. So can you just give us a sense of where we are in that process? And if and when the distribution gains will again start to take effect because the way I understand whats going on is - you have bought the business, theres has been some obviously commodity related inflation that you are passing on and you dont have -- or your distribution gains have sort of paused for now and then youre also recalibrating your product mix right. I mean the whole idea there is to do recipe mixes and other things such as that under the McCormick brand using this distribution.  So just give us a longer term sort of where are we in the journey with this acquisition and your expectations there?
Alan D. Wilson: Yeah we think India is certainly a longer term play. Weve made good progress in stabilizing our supply chain and continuing to drive distribution, obviously the significant inflation weve seen in the price of Basmati rice has impacted our volumes there. Weve again taken the philosophy that we generally take in a market like this that we pay as we go. So as the business earns its ability to invest then well make the investment. So we are focused now on driving profitability in the business and well -- and we are also introducing new products but more on driving the profitability of the business. We still believe as India develops in modern trade, as the infrastructure develops so that would be a very good market for us. Its taken a little more time than we anticipated as we went into it. 
Akshay Jagdale - KeyBanc: Perfect, thank you. Ill pass it on. 
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). Our next question comes from the line of Chuck Cerankosky with Northcoast Research. Please go ahead with your question. 
Chuck Cerankosky - Northcoast Research: Good morning everyone.
Alan D. Wilson: Good morning. 
Chuck Cerankosky - Northcoast Research: In looking at your guidance you are talking about an incremental brand marketing spend of at least $25 million. Gordon did I hear you say $11 million of that increase was in the first half already? 
Gordon M. Stetz: That's correct.
Chuck Cerankosky - Northcoast Research: Okay, now does that $25 million include consumer promotion activity or is it strictly more what we would call advertising?
Gordon M. Stetz: The bulk of it is weighted more towards consumer facing advertising. Any traditional promotional around price et cetera would be between gross and net. So that's primarily that is -- that's not primarily -- that is consumer facing increases.
Chuck Cerankosky - Northcoast Research: So promotion expenditures would be in addition to it?  
Gordon M. Stetz: Yes, that would be in addition. 
Chuck Cerankosky - Northcoast Research: And how do you expect that to track this year, the promotion? 
Gordon M. Stetz: From a year-over-year basis not too differently but as you heard in my remarks and some of Alan's remarks some of it is weighted a bit more towards the back half of the year.
Chuck Cerankosky - Northcoast Research: All right, thank you. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Ken Goldman of JPMorgan. Please go ahead with your question. 
Ken Goldman - JPMorgan: Hey, thanks for the follow up. I dont think anyone had asked this yet so forgive me if they had. But Alan you talked a little bit about working with customers to get price gap right between branded and private label. I am just curious whether this gap had grown to an unusually wide level and you are just sort of getting back to normal or whether the gap that historically existed may be didn't function as effectively as it used to right? So curious if it's going to narrow to a range thats smaller than usual or just sort of get back to normal and maybe I am not [inaudible], just curious how you think about that? 
Alan D. Wilson: Thats actually a really good question. The gap itself hasn't changed that much. I mean it does over periods where we tend to lead with pricing and private label takes a little bit longer to catch up and as do our competitors. So we tend to see a three to six months gap in that. The impact that we're dealing with right now is more where some customers have chosen to take price threshold movement, not necessarily a percentage gap but more price threshold. So for instance they may have crossed from 297 to 309 which is a more significant impact for customers. So we're working to also get price points right so that we maximize the volume and the profit for the customers.  The percentage gaps haven't changed that much over the last seven years. They do from time to time but not -- it's not anymore significant. In fact what we've seen in the most recent periods is a little more aggressive pricing on private labels than we've seen on the brand. So by aggressive I mean the price gaps had narrowed a little more. 
Ken Goldman - JPMorgan: Great, thanks very much. 
Alan D. Wilson: Thanks, Ken. 
Operator: Thank you. I will now turn the call back to Alan Wilson for closing remarks. 
Alan D. Wilson: All right. Thank everyone for your questions and for participating in today's call. As I wrap-up Id would like to recognize Chuck Langmead, President of our Global Industrial Business. As previously announced Chuck's retiring at the end of June following 38 years at McCormick. Under his leadership annual sales of our industrial business have exceeded $1.5 billion and profits are up nearly 40% in the last five years. I want to thank Chuck for his service his dedication and his contributions and I wish him all the best.  McCormick's 2014 fiscal year is on track to be a record year in sales and profits. Our strategic imperatives around people, growth and performance are driving sales, delivering CCI cost savings and generating higher profit and strong cash flow. We bring the joy of flavor to everyday at McCormick and we believe that we're well positioned for future success. Thank you.
Joyce Brooks : Thanks, Alan. I would also like to thank those on this morning's call. Through July 10th a replay of the call can be accessed by dialing 877-660-6853 and the conference ID number is 13581413. You could also listen to a replay on our website later today. And if you have any additional questions regarding today's information, you can reach us at 410-771-7244. This concludes this mornings call.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-03-25 08:00:00) =====
Joyce Brooks: Good morning. This is Joyce Brooks, McCormick's vice president of investor relations. Thank you for joining today's call for a discussion of McCormick first quarter financial results and 2014 outlook. We've posted a set of slides to accompany the call at ir.mccormick.com. [Operator Instructions] With me this morning are Alan Wilson, chairman, president and CEO, who will begin with comments on the latest financial performance and the business update; and Gordon Stetz, executive vice president and CFO, who will provide a more detailed review of first quarter results and the latest financial guidance for 2014. As a result, todays presentation contains projections and other forward looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from those projected. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or other factors. As seen on slide two, our forward looking statement also provides information on risk factors that could affect our financial results. It's now my pleasure to turn it over to Alan.
Alan Wilson: Thank you, Joyce. Good morning everyone, thanks for joining us. Our first quarter results included solid sales growth and a strong cash flow, as well as earnings per share that was ahead of our initial outlook. These results were driven by progress with our growth strategies and the dedicated efforts of McCormick employees around the world. We grew sales 8% in local currencies. The incremental impact of WAPC, acquired mid-2013, accounted for about half this increase. Product innovation, distribution expansion, brand marketing support, and pricing also drove sales growth in each of our two segments. Gross profit margin rose 70 basis points, due in part to a favorable business mix and our comprehensive continuous improvement program, CCI, which is generating cost savings throughout the company. Increased sales, higher gross margin, and our diligent expense management led to an 11% increase in operating income, which included additional brand marketing support. The operating income result was ahead of our expectations for the first quarter and drove a 9% increase in earnings per share, even with a higher tax rate. Quarterly, we are off to a good start in 2014, and have greater confidence in our ability to achieve our financial objectives for the year. As Gordon will discuss in more detail, we are reaffirming our 2014 outlook for sales growth and earnings per share. As we look to the rest of 2014 and beyond, were encouraged by the increasing consumer demand for flavor. Spices, herbs, and seasonings are on trend and a healthy way to add taste, and not for a lot of cost. Our meals are typically just a fraction of the cost of a meal, to deliver most of the flavor. The outlook by Euromonitor shows growth in spices and herbs and in recipe mixes, in both developed and emerging markets. For herbs, spices, and seasonings, the largest part of our consumer business, you can see our category share information on slide five, along with attractive category growth rates in our top markets. In developed markets, the majority of Millennials say they love to cook, and the percentage of all consumers that prefer hot or spicy sauces, dips, and condiments is up 8 points in the last two years. The exploration of new flavors is evidenced by the popularity of ethnic fare. In emerging markets, an increase in the middle class and in working women are driving the transition from spices in bulk to spices as a branded, packaged food product that offers greater quality, safety, and convenience. Demand for flavor is on the rise, whether consumers are preparing meals at home, eating out, or enjoying a snack. As a flavor leader, its our job to accelerate this growth and build our share. We position our consumer business to flavor meals at home. Our growth strategies include brand building, scalable innovation, and expanding our geographic footprint. In the first quarter of 2014, each of these avenues of growth contributed to an overall 9% increase in consumer business sales in local currencies. The addition of WAPC accounted for 7 percentage points of this increase. Im pleased to report that this acquisition continues to outpace our forecast for sales and profit growth. At the operating income line, we achieved an 8% increase in the first quarter for our consumer business, including the impact of a double digit increase in brand marketing support. Staying in China, in addition to the benefit of WAPC, we grew consumer sales of our base business 20% this period, with increases in both herbs and spices and in condiments. In Europe, the Middle East, and Africa, EMEA, we grew sales 4% in local currency, led by strong increases in France and in several smaller markets. Across this region, we increased brand marketing support by 38% in the quarter, with our holiday TV advertising in France, a brand quality message in Poland, and support for our Flavor Shot launch in the U.K. In the Americas, sales in local currency were about even with the year ago period. The competitive pressure in the U.S. that we noted in the fourth quarter of 2013 is being addressed with actions to strengthen our brand equity with the consumer and to win at retail. The first is to increase our investment in marketing. In the first quarter, nearly half of the incremental brand marketing was directed toward the U.S. market to drive sales of core products. These additional funds were applied to an everyday cooking message, with an emphasis on healthy eating, and a closer to fresh message with an emphasis on our gourmet line. During this period, we also continued to develop our digital marketing programs, connected to the consumer in a personalized way. As for insight-based innovation, Ill comment in a minute on the new items at retail across our markets. In the U.S. specifically, we have development underway for new product concepts for launch in the second half of 2014. These products align with our consumer insights, addressing demand for convenience, flavor, and quality. Were excited about their sales potential, and youll hear more about these in our next earnings call in June. To win at retail, weve realigned our sales organization to boost our resources in underdeveloped markets, where our category share of our brands is below the national average. Using insights and analytics, were setting a gold standard for addressing the retail spice set, one that better addresses how consumers shop our categories. This is fostering a more strategic dialog with our customers, as we work with them on category management, with the goal to optimize sales and income in this highly profitable section of their store. Our consumer business group in the U.S. is energized by the actions underway to drive better results, and I share their enthusiasm. Were encouraged by early signs of traction, based on consumption of core spices and seasoning seen and in recipe mixes. As I wrap up my remarks on our consumer business, I want to comment on innovation across our three regions. We have some great new products now in the market. These were developed based on our consumer segmentation research and more in-depth insights, and include items designed to appeal to value minded consumers as well as involve cooks seeking more premium products. Of the items shown on slide nine, Im particularly excited about the potential for Flavor Shots in the U.K., our 13-spice blend in China, and in the U.S., Grill Mates burger mixes for the 2014 grilling season and gluten-free recipe mixes. Innovation is also a key driver for our industrial business. We supply flavors to the top food service restaurant chains and the top food and beverage companies. These industry leaders look to McCormick as a partner to develop flavors in their next market-leading products. In the first quarter, were very pleased with our industrial business results. In the Americas region, weve won the supply of new products to food and beverage companies and grown sales of branded food service products. These gains more than offset continued weak demand from quick service restaurants. 2013 was an excellent year for our industrial business in EMEA, and the success continues in 2014, with the 12% local currency sales growth in the first quarter. Were driving sales through expanded distribution of new products, particularly in this market with quick service restaurants. The improvement in industrial sales in China continued this quarter with a 20% increase in local currencies. This growth rate compares to weak demand from quick service restaurants in the first quarter of 2013 that related to concerns about avian flu in poultry menu items. In total, for our industrial business, we grew first quarter 2014 sales 6% in local currency, largely through higher volume and product mix, with minimal pricing impact. This growth rate, together with a more favorable business mix, our CCI cost savings, and comparison to weaker results in the first quarter of 2013, led to a 24% increase in operating income and an operating income margin of 8%. We expect further improvement in the upcoming quarters. To summarize, for the majority of markets across our two segments, we achieved good first quarter financial results and have momentum. In the U.S. consumer business, we have actions underway to improve our market performance and we expect to see a positive financial impact as we progress through the next few quarters. In a dynamic market, we believe that there are several factors that create an advantage for our business: our leading positions in growing markets, our breadth of product from value-priced to premium, flavors for all types of eating occasions, market-leading customers, and an expanding geographic presence. Across the company, were bringing focus, setting priorities, and directing our resources based on McCormicks strategic imperatives: ready talent, fully engaged, winning share with a global focus and performance, superior results, consistently delivered. Together, we believe these imperatives will drive our success and lead to greater value for McCormicks shareholders. Gordon?
Gordon Stetz: Thanks, Alan, and good morning everyone. As Alan has described, we had solid first quarter financial results that included strong sales growth in many parts of the business; greater than expected earnings per share driven by our growth strategies, CCI program, and share repurchase activity; and excellent cash flow. Ill begin with a closer look at sales and operating income for each segment. Lets start with the consumer business. As seen on slide 14, we grew consumer business sales 9% in local currency. This builds on a 7% sales increase in the first quarter of 2013 that was largely volume and product mix driven, and had no impact from acquisitions. In the first quarter of 2014, sales from WAPC accounted for 7 percentage points of the increase, and higher pricing contributed 2 percentage points. In the Americas region, sales were about even with the year ago period in local currency. A 2% increase in pricing following a late 2013 pricing action was offset by lower volume and product mix. In comparison, consumer sales in this region rose 7% year on year in the first quarter of 2013, from the first quarter of 2012, and the increase is mainly attributable to higher volume and product mix. As Alan described, our U.S. consumer business has actions underway to drive performance, and we have early indications of improvement. We are also pleased to see that category growth remains healthy for spices and seasonings, and the recipe mix is based on the latest retail sales. In Europe, the Middle East, and Africa, EMEA, we grew consumer sales 4% in local currency. The increase was largely volume and product mix driven, evidence of the growth strategies underway for brand building and scalable innovation. We increased brand marketing support 38% and introduced a number of new items. The sales increase this period was particularly strong in France and in several smaller markets. In local currency, consumer business sales in the Asia Pacific region rose 73%. The addition of WAPC, which will also have an incremental benefit in the second quarter of 2014, accounted for 64 percentage points of the growth. We grew sales in the base business 9%, building upon a 15% year over year increase in sales in the first quarter of 2013. China led this base business growth with a 20% sales increase, mainly from new products and expanded distribution. For the Kohinoor brand in India, sales rose slightly in local currency, with significantly higher pricing offset by lower volume and product mix in the first quarter. Operating income for the consumer business rose 8% to $94 million from the first quarter of 2013. This increase was primarily due to higher sales, a favorable business mix, and CCI cost savings, which more than offset a $6 million increase in brand marketing support. Turning to our industrial business, we grew first quarter sales by 6% in local currency, led by favorable volume and product mix, as seen on slide 19. As Alan noted, we had increases in each of our three regions. In the Americas, industrial sales rose 3% in local currency, with strong demand from food manufacturers in the U.S. and in Mexico. We have won the supply of a number of seasoning and flavor products for snack chips, crackers, breakfast foods, and yogurt. We also grew sales of branded food service products. Demand from quick service restaurants remained weak in this market through the first quarter. We continue to work with our customers to draw restaurant traffic by developing flavors for new menu items. In EMEA, our industrial business achieved another quarter of strong sales growth with a 12% increase in local currency. This follows a strong sales increase in the first quarter of 2013, compared to the first quarter of 2012. The first quarter increase in 2014 reflects continued success with product innovation and distribution gains, largely with quick service restaurants and the impact of higher pricing in response to material cost increases. In the first quarter of 2014, we grew industrial business sales in the Asia Pacific region by 10% in local currency. Volume and product mix is improving in China, as this market recovers from the sharp year ago decline as Alan described. Based on our current outlook, we expect this improvement to continue through the next few quarters. Operating income for the industrial business rose 24% to $30 million. Across all three regions, higher sales, together with CCI cost savings and the favorable business mix, drove this performance. These first quarter 2014 results for our industrial business, with sales up 4% and profit up 24%, are a reversal of declines in the first quarter of 2013, which included a year over year operating income decrease of 22%. Across most parts of this business, we are pleased with our progress and the strong financial results driven by our growth strategies. For the total company, operating income rose 11% as a result of higher sales, a more favorable business mix, and our CCI cost savings. These same factors also improved gross profit margin by 70 basis points, and during the quarter, we funded additional brand marketing programs, with more investment planned in the upcoming quarters. As projected, the tax rate this period rose to 31.1% from 28.5% in the year ago period. This increase was due to the discontinuation of the R&D tax credit, a tax law change in France, and the mix of income across tax jurisdictions. For the fiscal year, we continue to expect the tax rate to exceed 2013 and for 2014, to be in a 30% to 31% range. Income from unconsolidated operations was down slightly from last year. Cost to relocate our joint venture in Mexico to a more efficient and higher capacity facility began to impact our results towards the end of 2013, continued into the first quarter of 2014, and are expected to extend into the second quarter. Once we get past this, in the back half of the year, we expect a strong year over year increase in the income from unconsolidated operations. We reported earnings per share of $0.62. This was a 9% increase from $0.57 in the year ago period and driven by higher operating income and lower shares outstanding, which were offset in part by unfavorable tax rate. Lets turn next to some highlights for cash flow and quarter end balance sheet as summarized on slide 28. Cash flow from operations was $77 million, up significantly from $32 million in the first quarter of 2013. This improvement was led by lower pension contributions in 2014. During this period, we used $57 million of cash to repurchase 0.9 million shares. At quarter end, we had $303 million still available on our $400 million authorization. Our balance sheet remains sound. We are close to our target debt level and well-positioned to fund investments to drive growth, including future acquisitions. Turning to our 2014 outlook, we continue to expect momentum from increased consumer demand for flavor and the effectiveness of our growth strategies and are reaffirming our projected sales and profit growth for 2014. At the top line, we reaffirm a 3-5% projected increase in sales on a currency neutral basis, with higher volume, the effect of increased pricing, and in the first half of the year, the incremental impact of WAPC. In addition, we expect currencies to reduce sales by approximately 1 percentage points in 2014, based on prevailing exchange rates. We continue to project a 6% to 8% increase in operating income from $591 million of adjusted operating income in 2013. This projection includes the benefit of CCI cost savings that are expected to reach at least $45 million for 2014. Our earnings per share outlook remains $3.22 to $3.29. This is a year over year increase of 3% to 5% from adjusted 2013 EPS of $3.13. As we discussed in January, we expect the impact of higher operating income to be offset in part by an increased tax rate. As shown on slide 30, our projection for a higher tax rate and a $0.01 in special charges are expected to have an unfavorable impact of 5% to 6% on the 2014 EPS growth rate. In the second quarter of 2014, we are projecting only a slight increase in earnings per share, from $0.59 that we reported in the second quarter of 2013. This outlook is based on our plans for higher brand marketing support and continued weakness in demand from quick service restaurants in the U.S., as well as additional costs related to the facility relocation in our Mexican joint venture. With our first quarter results, we are on our way toward another year of strong cash flow. As many of you know, we adhere to a balanced use of cash and are committed to returning a significant portion to our shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases. In 2014, we expect to use nearly $200 million of cash for dividends and through share repurchases to reduce our shares outstanding by 1% to 2% this year. As I conclude my comments, we are confident in our ability to deliver on our 2014 financial objectives and look forward to reporting on our progress in the upcoming quarters. So now lets turn to your questions, after which Alan will provide some closing remarks. Operator, were ready for the first question.
Operator: [Operator instructions.] Your first question comes from the line of Thilo Wrede from Jefferies.
Thilo Wrede: Could you provide us with a little bit more insight on how this quarter was so much better than what you initially expected? Where was the upside surprise?
Alan Wilson: Its in a few areas. It would be stronger growth in pretty much all of our businesses outside the U.S. and within the gross margin, it was stronger gross margin based on the mix that we experienced within the quarter. So I would say those two factors are primary ones that outdelivered relative to our initial expectations.
Thilo Wrede: Is the stronger growth outside of the US driven by one-time factors because based on what Im hearing about the world outside the U.S., its not looking necessarily that much better from a macro perspective.
Alan Wilson: Well, theres nothing one-time in nature within the quarter. I mean, it was all driven by the brand marketing support, innovation, and on the industrial side, the strength of our customer relationships. So I cant say that there was an anomaly within it. Certainly we see the world that we operate in, and understand its a difficult environment, and that continues to give us caution as well.
Gordon Stetz: Id say one thing where were a little counter to some of the rest of what were reading, is our business in China is continuing to show strong growth, and were gaining distribution of our core business, and then the acquisition of WAPC has outperformed what we expected it to.
Thilo Wrede: And then on Kohinoor, you called out high price increases due to higher input costs, again, and the impact on volume. What were hearing from other basmati rice companies in India, they seem to be faring much better with these price increases and might have a different input cost profile than you do. Can you provide a little bit more background there, what the level of input cost increase is, and why the impact on volume is so meaningful?
Alan Wilson: Were seeing about a 20-plus percent increase in the cost of rice, and are passing that through, and are dealing with that with volume. We may have a bit of a different supply chain model than some of our competitors there because we are more -- remember, our strategy in India is to use the access to the supply chain and the customer base to expand into different areas. So while Basmati rice is the business today, thats not our long term intention. So we have a little bit different objective and a different profile than some of our competitors there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Rachel Nabatian - Credit Suisse My question is on the Europe business, which is strong, and it sounds like theres a lot of support put behind it. From what weve seen, that region can be rather volatile, and recently weve only heard negative commentary on grocery there. So what wed like to know is, what gives you the confidence that what youre seeing here is sustainable growth?
Alan Wilson: Id never say its ever not going to be a bit volatile, but what were doing is driving our new product innovation, supporting it with pretty strong advertising, both in our core spice and seasoning business and the recipe mix business that we have in France, and were seeing the response from that. That doesnt say Europes not a tough place to operate and is not highly competitive, but were gaining traction from the programs that we have. Rachel Nabatian - Credit Suisse And then just as a follow up, on the value side, the plan to turn around the U.S. consumer business, according to our scanner data, it looks like private label continues to take share, and you had mentioned kind of innovation ranging from the value to the premium side, so I guess I wanted to know how you plan to combat the private label competition specifically.
Alan Wilson: We offer a broad range of products across all the price points, and to remind you, we do produce private label, so thats a part of whats in our portfolio as well. What were doing is, one, making sure weve got the right promoted price at the right times of the year, when consumers are buying. The second thing is building the equity behind our brand, and then driving product innovation in the category. I think the spice and seasonings business, its still going to take some time. Were encouraged by what were seeing in our core business, our core products, early on, and thats what were supporting with advertising. Were also driving the category and gaining share in our recipe mix business. So weve got early signs of traction. Were not calling the turnaround yet, but we are encouraged by what were seeing.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Driscoll from Citi.
David Driscoll: Wanted to ask about the industrial operating margin. When I look over a multiquarter period of time, really in 2013, every quarter seem to get sequentially better, although clearly on a year over year basis, a number of those quarters in fiscal 13 were down from fiscal 12. The simple question here is, you had nice improvement year on year in the first quarter industrial margins. Do you expect that to continue and is the pattern of sequential improvement throughout 13 indicative as to whats happening within the business?
Alan Wilson: Its a fair observation. And certainly we are building upon the improvement that we saw in the fourth quarter, which was very strong margin for that business, and were pleased with the performance we saw in Q1. We certainly look for better performance on the industrial business. The absolute margin is a function of promotional activity and mix of the business within the quarter, so Im a little cautious about saying that each quarter will get sequentially better, but Id say overall we certainly are looking for an industrial margin improvement. And its a function of the recovery that were seeing in some of those markets like China a slightly more benign inflationary environment and good CCI performance. But Im encouraged by the performance, but were still a bit cautious on predicting it quarter by quarter.
David Driscoll: Can you just say what are the factors that are causing that fiscal second quarter to be flattish year on year? It seems like when we just look at the first quarter results, a lot of the things that happened in the first quarter repeat in the second quarter, yet youre expecting a worse result versus the growth that we saw in Q1. So whats happening in Q2?
Alan Wilson: Well, were going to lean into our business again, so the brand marketing support that you saw in Q1, were repeating that again in Q2 and perhaps even a little more. As we mentioned, the unconsolidated income line will continue to be impacted by some of these relocation costs that we saw in Q1 from our unconsolidated venture in Mexico. You heard us talk about some of our caution on the QSR side of things in the U.S., and were still encouraged by the early signs of the U.S. consumer business, but we are up against some strong comparisons in the second quarter of last year, where we great volume quite strongly. So thats part of our caution as well.
David Driscoll: I hear you on all of those comments. I would only say that from the outside, it looks like those are consistent with the same forces that impacted Q1. So its not immediately obvious why Q2 would be flat, but Ill leave it there.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Eric Katzman of Deutsche Bank.
Eric Katzman: Just to touch on the global industrial for a second, and the strength there, I think Thilo might have asked this question in another way, but with the Heinz 3G Burger King connection, they made some strides with McDonalds, did you pick up some McDonalds business? And has that been a help to that side of the company?
Alan Wilson: Well, as you know, that is a significant customer for us, and we supply them around the world. So there has been some realignment in the supply chain there, and weve been growing our business with that customer in Europe and in China. Just where we picked it up from is tougher to say.
Eric Katzman: And then the second question, on the U.S. consumer business, Alan, I asked you last quarter, was the weakness that you had reported in the fourth quarter really just a function of core spice and seasonings, or was it broader based into things like Zatarains and some of the grilling items, etc.? Can you go into a little bit more detail? It sounds like this core spice and seasonings business was still pretty weak, but is that true with some of the other products as well? Or did you make improvement there?
Alan Wilson: Were seeing improvement, actually, in our core spices and our recipe mixes. Were still seeing some weakness in some of those other brands, and some of its driven by our promotion plans from last year. We were pretty heavy early in the year. Is there going to be more spread this year? Secondly, a little bit of a lighter Mardi Gras, and I never want to use weather as an excuse, but were seeing in Zatarains, for instance, the cost of crawfish pretty high right now. Wed expect this to be coming into pretty heavy crawfish season, the weather has made that a little later. But fundamentally, what were doing is driving behind our core business, which is our most profitable business, and then over time were addressing the other businesses.
Eric Katzman: Im going to have to keep better track of my crawfish pricing index.
Alan Wilson: Yeah, right now its about $5, and in the middle of the season, it should be about $3.50. Youre wondering why I know that.
Eric Katzman: And then just as a quick follow up, and then Ill pass it on, I think you mentioned that you had put more money behind the gourmet line. And I guess thats your highest price point in the core spices business? Did I hear that correctly? And is that kind of the response to some of the other spice products being available in other aisles of the store, and thats kind of at least initially how you intend to combat the new competitors in various outlets?
Alan Wilson: Well, we segment the consumer in a couple of different ways. One is by price point, the other is by how involved they are in cooking. And gourmet is the involved cook who wants the best product, and so we are supporting and differentiating our product based on our freshness and unique sourcing of those products. So that is one part and one segment that were going after. The other part of that is the more core and value price consumer. We have some other programs to try to impress that. And then later in the year, we have a relaunch of our gourmet products that were expecting to roll out.
Operator: The next question comes from Akshay Jagdale with KeyBanc.
Akshay Jagdale: I wanted to ask about the comment you made on the U.S. consumer segment. You said you were seeing early signs of some improvement, I believe. Can you give us some color on that? What is it exactly that youre seeing that makes you feel that way.
Alan Wilson: Were seeing our share gap closing with our core spices. Were seeing growth and actually share gains in our recipe mixes. And we are seeing a flattening of share from some of those fragmented competitors that we talked about. Private label continues to gain, but the regional and smaller competitors are flattening out a bit.
Akshay Jagdale: And in terms of your decision to continue to spend heavily behind that, can you give us some sense of, you already had a pretty dominant share of [voice] in that segment or category. Can you talk about the returns youre seeing on the incremental dollars youre spending? Are they still pretty high return, and better than the industry average, for every incremental dollar that youre spending on advertising?
Alan Wilson: Were still continuing to see pretty strong ROIs based on the spending that we have, and in fact, advertising and our digital programs have much higher ROIs than the promotional spends that we were doing. We got a little heavy, I think, over the last year, in promotional spend, and not all of those were great paybacks and didnt build equity. So weve adjusted our spending away from promotions. But weve adjusted our spending to more focus on equity building.
Akshay Jagdale: And last one, on the Kohinoor acquisition, if you just take a step back, can you summarize how that acquisition has performed since you bought it? Theres been some puts and takes. And then just give us a sense of where you are, really. Are you in the first or second inning of your strategy to introduce new products through that distribution chain? So perhaps what may have happened thats worse than your expectations so far, and then sort of where are we now relative to your broader, longer term plan in India?
Alan Wilson: I think were in the early stages of our plan in India. The things that we have done over the last year, we didnt acquire the full supply chain for that business in India, because what we wanted was the retail presence and the ability to drive other products through that chain. What weve done over the last year has been to beef up our own supply chain to improve our service levels and to get better control of our inventory. Were focused on continuing to build our capabilities there, and to start to introduce those new products. We have those products in place now, and were starting to roll those out. Weve got our distribution chain in place. We expect to continue to see it grow, but again, to remind you of our strategy in emerging markets, we have a tendency to pay as we go. So were not going to get out over the tips of our skis and invest and lose a lot of money in a market until were sure we have the infrastructure to support it, and then well expand as we go. Thats exactly what we did in China, thats what were doing in India. You asked how its performing, its performing below our expectations at this point, but we feel like weve got the right plans to address it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Growe from Stifel.
Chris Growe: The first one, if I could ask, is a bit of a follow on to Dave Driscolls question, about Q2. I guess I also had been planning on a bit of an Easter shift into Q2 as well. Is that occurring? Can you give us a better sense of how it helped Q2?
Alan Wilson: Thats a difficult one to predict, quite honestly. And we havent talked about that, and certainly our internal forecast that is guiding us toward the direction were giving you now has accounted for that. But I couldnt quantify that for sure for you right now. There is some shift in timing, and it could have an impact, but our current outlook is exactly what Gordon says.
Chris Growe: Could you cite how much emerging market growth you had this quarter? What sort of dollar sales growth did you see in those markets? Was that a significant contributor to the first quarter?
Alan Wilson: Well, certainly the Wuhan acquisition is emerging markets, so we broke that out for you separately, and we talked about China being up 20% also on the consumer side, and then double digit on the industrial side. So were talking double digit type increases on the emerging market side. So it was a big help, and that was one of the outperformers on the quarter relative to our expectations.
Gordon Stetz: It drove a lot of the consumer growth rate.
Chris Growe: If I could maybe squeeze in one more, which is in relation to the marketing, did more of the marketing this quarter go towards Europe? And it looks like you had a pretty significant increase there, and maybe youll spread it more towards the U.S. in the second quarter? Just curious how the phasing will go in between divisions.
Alan Wilson: No, Europe was up about 38%, but half the marketing increased spend was in the U.S.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Goldman with JPMorgan.
Ken Goldman: First, as you look into the summer, and you see much higher meat costs approaching, just curious how that affects your marketing plan in any way, for grilling. And second, it looks like Cerberus will be on track to buy Safeway here. If that deal goes through, do you expect it will affect your distribution in any way? Im just curious if youre stronger with either of those customers.
Alan Wilson: In terms of meat costs, because our grilling portfolio has a wide range of products that are good for a wide range of meat, even if the consumer starts trading from filets to cheaper cuts of meat, or even to burgers, a lot of our innovation actually is actually the burger mixes. So what we think will impact us more is the return to more normal weather. Were really hoping for some better weather as we head into the Memorial Day weekend. But our products will span across the broad range, whether its pork or chicken or hamburger, obviously our Montreal steak is great on steaks, and we hope the consumers are continuing to buy. But we think were well-positioned, no matter whats happening across the broad portfolio. In terms of the Safeway Albertsons acquisition/merger, we have a good position with both those customers, and so were not anticipating this to have a significant impact on our business. We do have a strong relationship with both of them. As long as theyre driving to win in the marketplace, we think thats good for us.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar from Barclays.
Andrew Lazar: Two questions from me. The first one, obviously you talked about seeing some of the early signs, and I guess I was under the impression, its probably still the case, that this kind of turnaround in the U.S. consumer is still going to take some time. But I guess things are reacting maybe positively a little more quickly than maybe I had thought. Is it fair to say that the brand equity building part is whats currently driving some of those early signs, and the winning at retail piece is going to take more time? Or is that not the right way to look at it?
Alan Wilson: I think thats kind of the right way to look at it. I dont want to get over-optimistic, because we know it is going to take some time, but we are doing exactly what we said we were going to do. Were out selling our message with retailers. That is a customer by customer and in some cases region by region approach that is going to take some time. And frankly, its never done, because when we present something that works for us, the competitors in there are presenting something else as well. So thats going to be a longer slog, but we immediately changed our focus into building consumer equity, and were starting to see some of the benefits of that.
Andrew Lazar: In terms of the winning at retail piece, even though its very early, are there any anecdotal thoughts you can share with maybe how some of those conversations have gone? Are you seeing traction where youve had some conversations in sort of communicating to retailers where this makes sense and where some of their actions dont make as much sense for them?
Alan Wilson: Yeah, we are seeing certainly varying degrees of acceptance and action in the store from that, but what were really showing them is the best way to grow their sales and profits in this category, and were benefitting from the fact that the best way for them to grow their sales and profits is the same thing that works for us, which is to sell more higher-turning McCormick SKUs as opposed to lower-turning, cheaper alternative products.
Andrew Lazar: And then last quarter on the call, we talked a little bit about how you were looking at potentially some different options in order to address the consumer trends, both at the value end and the premium end, and potentially could include thinking about a different line for sort of evaluating, lets say. Maybe its under the McCormick name, maybe its under a different name, or somehow related. But I didnt know if there were any conclusions you came to with respect to how to address that, and if there were going to be some other new items there along those lines that we just havent seen yet.
Alan Wilson: Yeah, we are working on some premium solutions as well as some more value solutions. We already have a number of the offerings in the value range, and our strategy with those is to meet a customer need. Because those dont necessarily drive traffic, and they dont necessarily drive profitability for the retailer or for us, but theyre there to meet a customer need. We have a number of those offerings, and were continuing to evaluate what the right value offerings are. The premium, weve got some very concrete plans.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Philip Terpolilli with Longbow Research.
Philip Terpolilli: Just two quick questions, and maybe one last one on China. The quarter was quite strong. Do you feel like youre starting to get more of a mass there now in terms of maybe distribution wins getting a little bit easier than 12 months earlier? And then just maybe building on that, are there more M&A opportunities that could further accelerate things there?
Alan Wilson: We certainly feel good that were building scale in our consumer business in China. Our core business has continued to grow pretty strongly, and then Wuhan WAPC is an accelerator to that, because it gets us access to a much bigger sales force in a different part of the country than where weve been. So thats why we made the acquisition. We see other opportunities for acquisition, not just in that market, but in a number of the markets that weve targeted, so we have a pretty good outlook, and a pretty good pipeline for those kinds of acquisitions.
Philip Terpolilli: Is the pipeline pretty similar to what youve seen the last 12 or 18 months? Or kind of getting better or worse?
Alan Wilson: I would say the pipeline itself is pretty similar. And whether it comes to closure is another question, but the pipeline is pretty similar, is what weve seen.
Philip Terpolilli: And then just one quick question, if I could, on the input cost front. Any update on what youre seeing? I saw the low single digit guidance in the slide deck, but I know your buckets a little bit different than some of the other CPG group and can be a little bit more volatile at times. So any additional color on things maybe to watch out for this year that youre seeing right now?
Alan Wilson: The things that we see that are starting to move up are, as youve probably seen, corn and wheat and soybeans and dairy are starting to move up a bit. So those impact us more on the industrial side of our business. I wouldnt say that we have any significant changes on the consumer side.
Operator: There are no questions at this time. I would like to turn the conference back to Alan Wilson for any closing remarks.
Alan Wilson: Id like to thank you for your questions, and for participating today. McCormicks 2014 fiscal year is off to a good start. Our strategic imperatives around people, growth, and performance are driving sales, delivering CCI cost savings, which is our fuel for growth, and generating higher profits and strong cash flow. At McCormick, we bring the joy of flavor to every day. Our 125-year heritage of innovation, collaboration, and commitment to this business is at the foundation of our global leadership in flavor and has us well-positioned for the future. Thank you.
Joyce Brooks: Thanks, Alan. Id also like to thank those on this mornings call. A replay of the call can be accessed by dialing 855-859-2056. The ID number is 22127582. You can also listen to the replay on our website later today, and if anyone has additional questions regarding todays information, you can reach us at 410-771-7244. This concludes this mornings conference.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-01-29 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Joyce L. Brooks - Vice President of Investor Relations and Member of Investment Committee Alan D. Wilson - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Gordon M. Stetz - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President, Director and Chairman of Investment Committee
Analysts: Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division Lubi Kutua - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Thilo Wrede - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Jonathan Patrick Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC David C. Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division Sam Knezevic - Northcoast Research
Operator: Good morning. My name is Dawn, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the McCormick Fourth Quarter 2013 Earnings Announcement Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Ms. Joyce Brooks, you may begin your conference.
Joyce L. Brooks: Good morning. This is Joyce Brooks, McCormick's Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you for joining today's call for a discussion of the company's fourth quarter financial results and 2014 financial outlook. We've posted a set of slides to accompany the call at our website, ir.mccormick.com. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, the conference is being recorded. With me on the call are Alan Wilson, Chairman, President and CEO; and Gordon Stetz, Executive Vice President and CFO. During our remarks, we will refer to non-GAAP financial measures. These include adjusted operating income and adjusted earnings per share that exclude the impact of special charges and a loss on voluntary pension settlements. A reconciliation to the GAAP results is included in this morning's press release, as well as the slides that accompany this call. Please note that today's presentation contains projections and other forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from those projected. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or other factors. As seen on Slide 2, our forward-looking statement also provides information on risk factors that could affect our financial results. It's now my pleasure to turn it over to Alan.
Alan D. Wilson: Thanks, Joyce. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. At McCormick, we made important progress during our 2013 in our growth strategy. We achieved solid sales growth in a number of our key markets, expanded our business in China with our first acquisition in that market, delivered significant cost savings with our CCI program and generated $465 million of cash flow, returning a record $357 million of this cash to our shareholders. While consumers in many developed and emerging markets remain under pressure, the growth of our core categories remains healthy. Slide 5 shows the latest 52-week category increase for spice and seasonings in our top markets. And Slide 6 shows the latest Euromonitor data that projects a robust pace of growth through 2018, not only for spices and seasonings but across a number of flavor categories. Consumer demand is on the rise in pursuit of new flavors, ethnic cuisines or spices and herbs as a replacement for sugar, salt and fat. These are just some of the trends driving this growth. As a global leader in flavor, McCormick is well positioned to meet this demand. We have leading category shares that span a broad range of flavors and all price points from premium to private label. Our flavors reach consumers at all eating occasions: meals at home, eating out or grabbing a snack. And through acquisitions and regional expansion of our industrial business, we are increasing our geographic presence. Our fourth quarter sales performance reflected these positive trends in most parts of our business, but did not meet our expectations for the U.S. consumer business. As a result, for the total the company, our rate of sales growth was below our expectations in the outlook that we shared with you in our September earnings call. And while we exceeded the 7% adjusted profit growth guidance that we provided on that call, this result included the benefit of a lower-than-expected tax rate. I'm going to comment on the strong performance in our international consumer businesses, go a bit more in-depth on the results and actions underway for our U.S. consumer business, and then review the strong fourth quarter finish in our industrial business. Fourth quarter sales growth for the consumer business was generally in line with our plans in markets outside the U.S. While difficult economic conditions persist across much of Europe, we continued to grow our sales in this region. We introduced recipe mixes into France and Poland and launched new products for value-minded consumers, as well as premium items for more involved and affluent cooks. Increased brand marketing support is directed towards supporting these launches. In the Asia/Pacific region, the latest sales and profit for Wuhan Asia-Pacific Condiments, WAPC, continued to exceed our expectations. Our base business in China continued to grow at a strong double-digit rate with expanded distribution, greater advertising and new products. In the Americas, we grew sales in Canada with very successful innovation that included grilling sauces and marinades, gluten-free gravies, new honey packaging and a line of authentic Asian products. In the U.S. consumer business, we grew sales at a low single-digit increase for the full year led by higher volume and product mix. However, after achieving a strong mid-single-digit sales increase in the first half of 2013, our rate of growth slowed, with U.S. consumer business sales in the second half about even with the year-ago period. Within the second half, we had a shift in sales between the third and fourth quarters, which, as previously discussed, related to greater retailer purchases as part of our holiday display program and in advance of a pricing action. Adjusting for this impact, third quarter U.S. consumer business sales declined at a mid-single-digit rate, and the fourth quarter rose at a low single-digit rate. While this rate of sales growth from the latter part of 2013 was better than some in the food industry, it was outpaced by a robust 5% 12-week retail category increase in spice and seasonings, our largest category. Clearly, consumer demand for flavor remains strong. Our issue for the past 2 quarters has been one of share gains by private label and some smaller competitors. To address this competitive activity, we put in place the following actions to regain our momentum. First, we're significantly increasing our brand marketing support, particularly during critical seasonal events when McCormick's brands index above private label and competition. We want to use our leading share of voice to differentiate and drive growth of our core products, including the use of digital marketing, where we're achieving our highest ROIs. Second, we're accelerating innovation. We have some winning concepts in our international markets and are developing plans to introduce these in the U.S., such as our line of gluten-free gravy mixes that are doing extremely well in Canada. And third, we're identifying ways to improve our agility in the marketplace. We want to more aggressively gain share by rapidly addressing competitive challenges and identifying and pursuing growth opportunities. We believe that these actions will be effective in driving growth of our core business, and I've asked Lawrence Kurzius, who leads our Global Consumer Business, to work directly with our U.S. consumer business team on these initiatives. During his time in this business in 2005 and 2006, we increased sales and profit market share with initiatives behind innovation and brand marketing, as well as new gravity-feed merchandising equipment. This was followed by his leadership of our international businesses, including successful expansion in emerging markets. Most recently, Lawrence has spearheaded our Global Consumer Business strategy development and growth. With his direct leadership, the dedicated efforts of our U.S. consumer business team and increased investment in brand marketing and innovation, I look forward to reporting to you on our progress in the upcoming quarters. Turning to our industrial business. Our fourth quarter results were a strong finish to the year. Our adjusted operating income result was particularly strong, with a $13 million increase, up more than 50% from the year-ago period. As a percent of sales, adjusted operating income margin was nearly 9%, largely as a result of more favorable business mix and CCI cost savings. In the Americas, higher sales of snack seasonings and other flavors for food manufacturers were offset by continued weakness in demand from quick service restaurants. However, sales in our EMEA region remain strong, with product innovation and share gains, particularly with quick service restaurants. And while we had an easy comparison to the year-ago period, we've had sequential improvement in industrial sales in the Asia/Pacific region and in particular, China. While we expect weak demand from quick service restaurants in the U.S. to extend into the first part of 2014, we are encouraged by our new product pipeline. Across our entire industrial business, we expect a better performance in 2014 than in 2013. Turning to Slide 11, and looking back on the past year, I want to recognize our more than 10,000 employees around the world for their engagement at McCormick and contributions to our success. Here are some of the major achievements in 2013 that demonstrate the spirit of teamwork and high performance throughout the company. Starting with innovation. We developed and launched more than 250 new branded products, including a number of successful innovation platforms that we're taking to other markets around the world, such as grilling items and recipe mixes. In our industrial business, customers continue to turn to McCormick to improve the healthy attributes of their products, including more simple ingredients. In 2013, about 1/3 of our industrial new product briefs had some type of wellness aspect. Across both segments, sales of new products launched in the past 3 years accounted for 9% of our fiscal year sales. We continue to raise our game in brand marketing. Our marketing support exceeded $200 million for the first time in 2013. It was up 64% in the past 5 years. We continue to achieve returns on this spending that are ahead of food industry averages. As part of this 2013 brand marketing, digital marketing was more than double the amount spent just 2 years ago in 2011. Among our accomplishments in this area was a 94% increase in U.S. recipe views, and in EMEA, a 24% increase in Web traffic. On the acquisition front, we completed and effectively integrated our first acquisition in China, Wuhan Asia-Pacific Condiments. This business expanded our product breadth and regional presence in China and increases our sales there by 60%. To date, the financial performance of WAPC, both sales and profits, is ahead of plan. With this acquisition and the pace of growth in our existing businesses, our sales in emerging markets now account for 15% of total company sales, a substantial increase from 10% just 2 years ago. We continue to fuel these investments with our Comprehensive Continuous Improvement program, CCI. In 2013, cost savings from CCI reached $63 million, well above our initial projection of at least $45 million for the year. We also made progress in other important areas such as safety, governance and community involvement. With the publication of our CSR review in mid-2013, we shared ambitious goals for 2018 in a number of areas, including our environmental impact. Our progress toward these goals through 2013 is shown on Slide 12. Our business generates significant cash flow. As indicated at the beginning of my remarks, we had record cash flow from operations and cash return to shareholders. During the fourth quarter, we completed a $400 million share repurchase authorization and began to repurchase shares under our new authorization. In November, McCormick's board approved a 28th consecutive annual dividend increase. Since 2006, we've doubled our quarterly dividend. These are just a few highlights, and we look forward to going more in-depth on progress with our growth initiatives during our CAGNY presentation on February 19. Looking ahead to 2014, I showed you the projections for flavor, including our core business with spice and seasonings. The outlook is for strong growth. We're heading into 2014 with solid momentum for our consumer business in many international markets. And in the U.S., we have actions underway to regain traction with our growth initiatives. For our industrial business, we expect global flavor demand from food manufacturers to remain robust, sales of branded food service items to remain steady and sales to quick service restaurants to be mixed, with the strength in EMEA, further improvement in Asia/Pacific and better performance in the U.S. Innovation will continue to be an essential driver of growth for both businesses. Starting on Slide 14, items to be launched in the Americas during the first half include Recipe Inspirations with a $0.99 target price, new Grill Mates seasonings and Hispanic seasonings, new varieties of Zatarain's rice mixes and Lawry's marinades and innovation within our core items, such as an extra-rich vanilla extract, chipotle chile and value-priced grinders. Our joint venture in Mexico has had early success with the launch of sweet products, including syrups and gelatins. The business has already gained 6% share of the gelatin category in Mexico. One of our new launches in EMEA are limited edition recipe mixes and additional Flavour Shot varieties in the U.K., 18 new Vahin homemade dessert products, including toppings and decorations in France. And in Poland and Russia, we continued to rapidly expand our product offerings, adding seasoning blends, grinders and premium offerings. In the Asia/Pacific region, we continued to increase distribution of WAPC bouillon items in our coastal markets in China. In addition, we're introducing in Australia, Flavour Shots, and new varieties of our Marinade in a Bag and Slow Cooker seasonings. And we continued to roll out our Kohinoor brand, Rice 'n Spice in new cities in India. We're increasing our brand marketing in 2014, in part to rapidly build awareness and trial for the strong pipeline of innovation. We're also planning to drive sales of core products. This includes further support for themed mega events during holiday periods, grilling seasons and other important occasions and an increase in digital marketing. Introducing consumers to FlavorPrint, our online service that lets you define your unique flavor preference and match it with recipes and menus. In total, we plan to increase brand marketing by at least $25 million. This exceeds our year-to-year increase in any of the past 5 years. We plan to drive strong category growth underway in our key markets. As a category leader, we will remain on the forefront of innovation and keep our brands top of mind with consumers, whether they're seeking value pricing, authentic ethnic cuisine, a premium product offering or other flavor experiences. Our CCI program is an integral part of our strategy. These ongoing productivity improvements will continue to be our fuel for growth. And in 2014, our goal is to achieve at least $45 million in cost savings. Putting these growth drivers together with our CCI projections, we expect 2014 top line growth at 3% to 5%, and an increase of 6% to 8% in operating income from adjusted operating income of $591 million in 2013. We expect earnings per share of $3.22 to $3.29 in 2014, a 3% to 5% increase from adjusted EPS of $3.13 in 2013. This EPS growth is below the operating income growth rate because of a projected 5% to 6% headwind from a higher tax rate and special charges. Gordon will go more in-depth on our financial outlook. To summarize my remarks, 2014 marks McCormick's 125th year. While it is a time to celebrate the rich history of this great company and our position today as a global leader in flavor, our focus is on the future, on the execution of our growth strategy and in building value for our shareholders. Next, Gordon is going to provide some further perspective on our fourth quarter results, followed by comments on our 2014 outlook. Gordon?
Gordon M. Stetz: Thanks, Alan, and good morning, everyone. As Alan described, our fourth quarter results varied by business segment and region, with strength in a number of areas and weakness in our U.S. consumer business this period. I'd like to begin with a look at the sales and operating income results for each of our 2 segments, starting with the consumer business. As shown on Slide 17, consumer business sales rose 3% in local currency. Included in this result were a 4% contribution from our WAPC acquisition, offset by the impact of the estimated $30 million shift in U.S. sales to the third quarter from the fourth quarter. As we discussed in our September earnings call, this related to customer purchases for our holiday display program and in advance of a pricing action. So excluding these impacts, we grew underlying consumer business sales by about 3%. Slide 18 shows our Americas region results, which included the unfavorable impact of the sales shift that lowered sales growth by an estimated 5.5%. Excluding this impact, sales rose about 2.5%. Heading into the quarter, we had expected stronger growth this period based on our holiday marketing activity and new products, as well as a favorable comparison to the fourth quarter of 2012 when sales were adversely affected by Hurricane Sandy and retail purchase patterns. However, as Alan discussed, U.S. sales were below our expectations for the quarter despite strong category growth and actions are underway to improve our financial performance in 2014. In this region, we achieved good growth in Canada with particular success in innovation that included gluten-free gravy mixes and authentic ethnic items imported from our businesses and affiliates in China and the Philippines. In Europe, the Middle East and Africa, EMEA, sales in local currency rose 2% from the year-ago period. The U.K. and France led this growth through product innovation and marketing programs. Sales in Russia also rose in the fourth quarter, due in part to distribution gains. And while still a small part of our business, we now have a #1 category share, up from #3 at the time of the Kamis acquisition. Consumer business sales in the Asia/Pacific region rose 73% in local currency. WAPC contributed 68%, leaving a base business increase of 5%. We continued to grow our base business sales in China at a double-digit rate, while sales in India continued to reflect higher pricing. Adjusted operating income for the consumer business was $178 million, which was close to the fourth quarter 2012 result. During this period, higher sales and CCI cost savings were largely offset by a $6 million increase in brand marketing support, increased retirement benefit cost and higher material costs. Turning to our industrial business, as seen on Slide 22, we grew fourth quarter sales 2.6% from the comparable year-ago period when measured in local currency. Volume and product mix accounted for approximately 2/3 of the increase. In the Americas, industrial business sales declined 1%. We grew sales of snack seasonings and other flavors to food manufacturers in this region, and had solid sales of branded food service products. Demand from quick service restaurants continued to be weak this period, as Alan described. We expect this weakness from quick service restaurants to continue into the first part of 2014, although we are encouraged overall by our new product pipeline for the Americas region as indicated. In EMEA, we had very strong industrial sales growth of 9% in local currency. This builds on top of 12.5% local currency year-on-year growth in the fourth quarter of 2012. In the fourth quarter of 2013, our industrial team was effective in increasing sales of customized flavor solutions through product innovation and expanded distribution. In the fourth quarter of 2013, we grew Asia/Pacific sales in local currency by 10% from the year-ago period. This rate of growth has improved sales to quick service restaurants in China, along with new inroads in India with the supply of industrial products to strategic customers. As a reminder, we had weakness in the year-ago comparison as industrial sales in this region declined 11% in the fourth quarter of 2012 when compared to the fourth quarter of 2011. Adjusted operating income for the industrial business was $36 million in the fourth quarter of 2013. This was a very strong profit result and as a percentage of sales, operating income was 8.9% for the quarter. Higher sales, a favorable mix of business and CCI cost savings more than offset higher retirement benefit expense and material cost inflation. As you compare to the year ago results of $23 million in the fourth quarter of 2012, keep in mind that we recorded $4 million in costs associated with a supplier quality issue that period. For the total company, we recorded fourth quarter operating income of $174 million. This result included $25 million of special charges related to reorganization activities in EMEA, as announced on October 17. In 2013, we identified several projects in this region to improve productivity and process standardization. We have chosen to report these charges as a non-GAAP item since they are significant and affect the comparability of our financial results. We're also treating a $15 million loss on a voluntary pension settlement recorded in the fourth quarter as a non-GAAP item. As discussed in our third quarter call, this loss relates to the settlement of a lump sum pension payout offered to approximately 3,300 former U.S. employees with deferred vested pension benefits. Excluding these items, adjusted operating income was $214 million and compared to $200 million in the year-ago period. The favorable impact of higher sales and cost savings from our CCI program more than offset the increase in brand marketing support, an increase of approximately $5 million in retirement benefit expense and higher material costs. Moving below operating income, our tax rate for the fourth quarter was 24.3%, largely as a result of discrete tax items and a favorable mix of business between tax jurisdictions. This tax rate was slightly below the fourth quarter of 2012. Income from unconsolidated operations ended the year close to our initial outlook for a 10% increase. As expected, most of this growth occurred in the first half. In the second half, profit for our joint venture in Mexico included cost to relocate to a new manufacturing facility built to expand capacity for growth and improve efficiency. We reported $0.98 earnings per share for the fourth quarter. Adjusted EPS was $1.20. As seen on Slide 30, compared to $1.11 EPS in the fourth quarter of 2012, higher operating income added $0.07 to earnings per share, lower interest expense added $0.01 and our reduction in shares outstanding added another $0.01. Let's turn next to our balance sheet and cash flow on Slide 31. We ended the year with a strong balance sheet. Following the acquisition of WAPC in mid-2013, by year end, we were close to our debt-to-EBITDA ratio target and are well positioned for future acquisition activity. We have a solid pipeline of opportunities heading into 2014. We also increased our share repurchase activity in the fourth quarter. We completed the $400 million authorization approved by McCormick's board in June of 2010, and began to buy back shares under the new $400 million authorization approved in April 2013. During the quarter, a total of 1.3 million shares were repurchased. And at year end, $360 million remain under this new authorization. For the fiscal year, we returned a record $357 million to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Net of option exercise proceeds, the amount returned was $313 million, an increase of 28% from $244 million in 2012. Our cash flow from operations ended the year at $465 million, above the $455 million result in 2012. While pension plan contributions were lower in 2013 than 2012, inventory rose due in part to strategic raw material purchases and higher material costs. We are pleased with the amount of cash we generated in 2013 and continue to have a balanced approach in our use of cash, as illustrated by the chart on Slide 31, with similar amounts invested in acquisitions and capital expenditures and in dividends and net share repurchases. As a final topic, I would like to share McCormick's financial outlook for fiscal year 2014 as shown on Slide 32. As Alan indicated, projections indicate that global demand for flavor will continue to increase and we plan to participate in this growth through innovation, brand marketing and acquisitions. Starting at the top line, we expect to grow sales 3% to 5%. This projection is just below our 4% to 6% long-term growth goal and reflects a slower start to our consumer and industrial businesses in the U.S. We expect volume, pricing and the incremental impact of WAPC in the first half of the year to have similar contribution to our 2014 sales growth. At this time, we project the impact of currency to be just neutral to sales and profit in 2014. We expect to grow operating income 6% to 8% from $591 million of adjusted operating income in 2013. We expect CCI cost savings of at least $45 million, which, along with our pricing actions and more favorable business mix and low single-digit cost inflation, to lead to a 50 to 100 basis point increase in gross profit margin. Other factors that we anticipate will affect operating income in 2014 include an estimated $15 million decrease in retirement benefit expense that is largely the result of a year-on-year increase in the pension discount rate. However, we expect this favorable impact to be offset by higher employee incentive payments as we return to a more normal level of payout. Special charges related to the EMEA reorganization activity announced in 2013 are expected to lower 2014 operating income by $2 million. Moving on to the tax rate. We are projecting our 2014 tax rate to be in a 30% to 31% range, up from 26.8% in 2013. This increase includes the estimated impact of a discontinuation of the R&D tax credit, a tax law change in France and the expected mix of income across tax jurisdictions. In addition, we are comparing to 2013 rate that included $3.9 million of favorable discrete tax items. This projected year-on-year increase in the tax rate creates an unfavorable variance of $0.14 to $0.18 from our adjusted -- from our 2013 adjusted EPS of $3.13. We anticipate a strong performance from our unconsolidated operations, particularly our joint venture in Mexico, with an increase of at least 15% in 2014 income from unconsolidated operations. Based on these factors, we are projecting 2014 earnings per share of $3.22 to $3.29. This range is a year-on-year growth rate of 3% to 5% from adjusted earnings per share of $3.13 in 2013 and includes an unfavorable impact of 5% to 6% from the higher tax rate and special charges as shown on Slide 33. As for the quarterly pace of earnings growth. In the first quarter of 2014, we expect earnings per share to be comparable to the $0.57 that we reported in the first quarter of 2013. This projection includes a planned increase of at least $7 million in brand marketing support, a tax rate at the higher end of our 30% to 31% range and a slower start for our businesses in the U.S. We expect another year of strong cash flow in 2014 and plan to use $120 million to $130 million on capital expenditures. In the absence of any acquisitions, we plan to use a significant portion of cash for share repurchases, reducing shares outstanding by 1% to 2% in 2014. That concludes my comments on guidance, so now let's turn to your questions, after which Alan will provide some closing remarks. Operator, we are ready for the first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Chris Growe.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: Just 2 questions for you. If I can lead off, first, with -- as you had a little more sort of sluggish demand across the business on the consumer side in particular, I want to ask about the increase in marketing for the coming year. And is that more trade-oriented or actual, sort of, consumer marketing? And then maybe related to that, you have a lot of CCI cost savings coming through, but should we think about more of those savings having to be invested back in the business and not being as sort of readily available to the company going forward, if it's going to require more and more investment to sort of spur revenue growth here?
Alan D. Wilson: Yes, the main focus of our marketing, especially in the U.S., is on the consumer. We're going to spend about 40% of that marketing -- the advertising spend in digital, which is going directly to consumers in the U.S. We will have our usual trade promotion and marketing development funds but a lot more of that money is going into equity build as opposed to price discounts. And our CCI program is right. We typically think of our CCI as our fuel for growth. And so we would expect to continue to reinvest to that, back in the business.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And then related to the cost inflation outlook for the year, is there any kind of discrepancy or difference between the consumer division and the industrial division? I know industrial has more of a pass-through mechanism, but I was curious if some of the inputs in that division are actually moving down in the short run and maybe consumer's up more than industrial. I'm just curious as to the difference between the 2 divisions there.
Gordon M. Stetz: Well, I wouldn't say, Chris, there's any -- you can get slightly out of balance relative to what you just described with the pass-through mechanisms. But I'd say, in general, they're pretty much in line.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Akshay Jagdale.
Lubi Kutua - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: This is actually Lubi on for Akshay. Just 2 quick questions, if I may. First off, can you quantify the expected contribution from lower pension expenses, as well as the accretion from acquisitions to fiscal '14 operating income?
Gordon M. Stetz: Yes, the pension benefit we mentioned was a $15 million reduction to the 2014 pension compared to the 2013 pension expense. We didn't get specific about the accretion from the acquisition. In the initial model that we provided at the time of the acquisition, we said about $0.03 in 2014. As you heard in Alan's comments, we're tracking quite well against that.
Lubi Kutua - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. Great. And then could you give us an update on the Kohinoor acquisition, just what is the outlook for paddy supply, paddy pricing, distribution gains, et cetera?
Alan D. Wilson: Yes, we expect an improved result in India this year. We're starting to implement our programs of value-added rice mixes to go with the basmati rice. We are in a better inventory position and we are expecting that we'll be able to grow that business this year.
Lubi Kutua - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. Any sort of projections or thoughts on where how much paddy supply is expected to grow or...
Alan D. Wilson: I'm afraid I don't have that at hand.
Gordon M. Stetz: Relative to our total inventories, it's not a really huge material item. So we -- it's not typically something we break out separately.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Goldman.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Alan, can you talk a bit more about some of the drivers that you think are causing your share losses in the U.S? We've seen some categories in food that, maybe a decade ago, benefited from a mix-up or volume-to-value strategy, and we're seeing somewhat of a reversal of that in those categories. I'm just curious to what extent that may be true at all with spices and seasonings, or whether you're seeing something different out there that's maybe affecting your share in your view.
Alan D. Wilson: Yes, I think there's a couple of things going on. One is an expansion of private label at multiple price points at some customers. There's also been some gains by smaller competitors, both from the value price and the premium price, that are having some impact. Our strategy to go after that is a couple. One is very aggressive category management and telling the story and helping our customers to remember the strong profitability of the spice and seasonings category and the importance of that to them, and the importance of McCormick in driving that profitability. Because some of the things that are happening aren't necessarily driving the profitability. On the premium side, what you'll see this year is a relaunch of our Gourmet business with a strong emphasis on differentiating the superior quality and sourcing of our products in Gourmet. We really believe the trends are there. So it's not a one-size-fits-all, it's really focused marketing against some very, very specific segments.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And just a follow-up to that, as you think about your strategy, dealing with your customers as they perhaps pursue or experiment with more of a private label or smaller competitor strategy, you guys had a lot of success convincing Wal-Mart a few years back to go away from their testing of that. Do you use the data from that? Do you use the -- or are these retailers not even testing it, they've just sort of made a decision to go for it and you have to sort of convince them to reverse that on a more permanent basis?
Alan D. Wilson: Well, and without getting into a lot of specifics, on a lot of cases, they're coming in through different departments. They're not necessarily in the spice aisle, they may be in the produce aisle or finding their way into different parts of the store, and aren't as readily visible to the category managers we're dealing with. So we are telling that story. The second thing that we're really doing is showing a lot of that data that's still applicable that we saw in that test, where the consumer really wants to buy the brand. And what we wanted to be able to show them is the value and the differentiation in product for the brand.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: My question is similar to Ken's. I was looking at kind of long-term market share trends in the category. And the McCormick brand, according to Nielsen, has fallen every year in terms of overall share of spice and seasonings. So -- and I appreciate the commentary here on category management and how you're going to push that harder, but I guess I've also heard from you more advertising, more innovation. Have you thought through the advertising and innovation that you've done over the past 3 years? It seems like you've done a lot. You're at $300 million in investment now. Why hasn't that worked better, I guess, Alan?
Alan D. Wilson: We're continuing to evaluate the programs. We have some programs that have worked pretty well, some that haven't worked as well. Some of our spend has gone into some trade funds that weren't as productive as our equity building. And I think what you'll find is a lot more of a focus on building and driving the equity and supporting new products that we're bringing out. Our innovation pipeline has been -- in some of our markets, hasn't been as robust as we need it to be. And what we're really doing is relooking at our whole strategies. And so we're launching a lot of products that are working in other markets. And the gluten-free gravies from Canada is a great example of that, where we believe that it will help to drive growth in the recipe mix category. So we're really relooking at a lot of the things that we're doing.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I appreciate the color. One last question on the tax rate, just a modeling question, but I think the guidance was for a 29% tax rate for fourth quarter. You came in at 24.5%. There's only $0.01 here from a discrete item, and the rest appears to be just the mix of the geographies. I mean, was the mix of geographies that substantial in order to drive that big of a change in how the tax rate came in? Is it -- was the U.S. that weak compared to your expectations, I guess?
Gordon M. Stetz: It certainly was a big factor. I would -- yes, certainly, it's relative to the expectation on the sales growth line. You can see it did not come in relative to the expectation which guided that rate. So that certainly was a big impact.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, so that's the issue. So as your U.S. business improves, that's going to drive your tax rate higher for 2014.
Gordon M. Stetz: That's one of the factors. And I also mentioned there's some legislative changes that were passed in December in France that are negatively impacting us on that rate. Part of that is the retro. There's a retro nature to it that will impact Q1, so that's why we're guiding to the upper end of that range in Q1. And then obviously, business mix and some of the lack of discrete items.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Thilo Wrede.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: I just had a quick follow-up on that question about private label and your marketing. I think if I understood you correctly, you focused quite a bit of increased marketing on the Gourmet line, yet the market share growth comes in private label. What does that -- does that discrepancy make sense? And with your focus on value-added product in an environment where consumers seem to go for the discount option, should you maybe have more low-priced offerings?
Alan D. Wilson: Yes, we didn't mean to imply that all of our spending or a lot of our spending was in Gourmet. We are relaunching Gourmet and there's going to be support behind that. And that generates a fairly small percentage of our sales, but it's a very profitable mix of sales. We are focused on a number of large events, everything from our current Super Bowl cooking activity, to Easter and Grilling. So I didn't mean to imply at all that we're only focused on the premium segment. We're really focused on making sure consumers understand the value of McCormick and the value meals that they can prepare that are using our products. So it's not so much on driving the premium products. We are -- we're really focused on building the equity. And we have to just -- go ahead.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Sorry, I was about to say that, that was my misunderstanding then. But the question still is, should you maybe have more discount offering?
Alan D. Wilson: Well, we participate in all price points in the -- in -- across the market, everything from opening price point to private label for our customers. So a part of that share gain is coming through in our sales, obviously, at a lower margin. But we do have our value-branded items as well, and as an example one of the -- couple of the items we're introducing are $0.99 recipe mix, Recipe Inspirations and value grinders, larger grinders at a competitive price. So we've got some of those offerings that we're going with.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Okay. And the other question I had was the -- I think you mentioned that the QSR business will probably stay weak in the U.S. in the first half of the year, but you have new product innovation coming there. Is there anything from your side that you can do to improve your QSR business in the U.S.? Or is that really a function of your customers getting growth again in the time segments or dayparts that are more meaningful for you?
Alan D. Wilson: Yes, it's a matter of the products that we supply and what our customers are featuring and driving. We are much, much better off when our customers are innovating and introducing new products or when they're driving core products that we supply. And so we're -- there's -- where we win is by winning the innovations. That's the parts that we can control. By and large, a lot of the things with that customer base is not in our control.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jonathan Feeney.
Jonathan Patrick Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Following up on the private label discussion, I was wondering if you could cite the profit mix between branded and private label, roughly, within North American consumer. Because I would have thought that, presumably, private label outperformed branded in your portfolio, and that would've driven a little bit more negative mix this quarter.
Alan D. Wilson: Yes, it's still -- as a percentage of our total business, it still is relatively small. We certainly have a strong share of the total market, but relative to our total portfolio, it's still a relatively small part. And it did not have an extremely big impact on the mix. Clearly, if we had skewed up more towards the core items the way we had anticipated, mix would have been more favorable than what we showed both within the U.S. consumer as a total company. But I'd say, in and of itself, it's is not the main driver.
Jonathan Patrick Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: And then, following up on -- you commented that a handful of retailers are -- I forgot what the actual, exact wording was -- a few retailers had maybe seen better private label performance in North America than others. Could you further characterize that? I mean, is there a certain kind of place or a certain line where that penetration private label is doing a little better than branded in 2013?
Alan D. Wilson: I wouldn't say -- by and large, private label is still a fairly low percentage of the dollar sales in the category compared to a number of other categories. What we're reacting to is that we've seen a higher level of growth. And we've seen it in a mix of value-price retailers, natural, higher-end retailers and then some popular retailers who've adopted it as a strategy. But it's still a little more than 20% of the category. It's not -- in terms of volume and dollars, it's even lower than that. So it is something we are responding to, something we are reacting to but -- and we know how to do that because where we compete in Europe and in Canada, we have typically private label more like 50%. I think the dynamic we've seen differently in 20 -- late 2012 and through 2013 is a little more fragmentation, both in terms of other competitors, as well as private label, as new products have been offered. Typically, private label have been in a fairly limited number of products and we've seen some expansion. We've seen some expansion in price points, and that's what we're responding to.
Jonathan Patrick Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: And would you say that we're totally past the effect of the buy-in now? I mean, I know it wasn't mainly Q4 to Q3, but some of these products have a reasonable shelf life.
Alan D. Wilson: Yes, I would expect that what happened in third quarter was an awful lot of the holiday items. We did see, through the quarter, consumption improved. And so what we didn't see in our sales were reorders that we typically get after that kind of thing happens. But yes, we think by and large, the buy-in -- and it was kind of compounded by the fact that we had a price increase at the same time, but we think that's largely done.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Katzman.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Let me just follow up on that one. You -- how much of the price increase in the U.S. do you think limited your results as opposed to, Alan, what I think is a reasonable characterization, which is fragmentation and the company's, let's say, failure to adjust quickly enough?
Alan D. Wilson: I think the price increase -- this price increase had very minimal impact. It was -- it did impact that buy-in in third quarter. But by and large, by the time it got on the shelf with the consumer, it had very, very little impact and didn't impact much of the results. I will say that one of the things we are really focused on, Eric, is really improving our responsiveness and our agility and our focus. And we've already made changes in the alignment of our sales regions in the U.S. and we're continuing to simplify our operation and our business to go after volume and share gains.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And so your stock underperformed significantly last year. It's going to underperform most likely today and probably under a bit of a cloud. So when -- with this increased responsiveness and the improvement in the -- or the more spending, when should we see you start to gain back share and deal with this more complex retail landscape in the U.S?
Alan D. Wilson: Well, certainly...
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Is it a second quarter event? If the first quarter is likely to be sluggish, when can we start to look for that?
Alan D. Wilson: We would expect to see improvement through the year. We're changing what we're doing right now. There is a very different dialogue that we're having with the customer. A more assertive story on category management that's happening right now. It may take some time for that to find its way into our results. But we expect through the year that we're going to see improvement in that. The guidance that we've given reflects our best outlook as to what we think is going to happen.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then last question and I'll pass it on. Gordon, for the consolidated top line forecast, so it looks like x the pricing and x the acquisition, you're looking for, let's say, 2%, roughly 2%, 2% to 3% in the core business. And I think you said that the category is growing in most markets like 3%. I think you said you expect some pass-through in the industrial. So I'm not really getting a sense that you're assuming much of a rebound in the consumer side for the year.
Gordon M. Stetz: Yes, as we indicated, we're at this right now, and as Alan indicated, but we are within our guidance, reflecting time for this to build and have the impact that we expect as we progress through the year. It's not an immediate turn-on that's built into that forecast. We've talked about a bit of a slower start in the U.S. So we're being cautious, but we're being certainly positive and aggressive in how we're pursuing this.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Two questions. Firstly, it looks as though there was a nice rebound in the China industrial business after the problems that you've had with YUM! Brands out there for the last year. Am I right in thinking that the rebound was above the Asia industrial 10% sales growth out there? And is that set to continue? That's the first question. And then the second question is around acquisition strategy from here. I think you alluded to a fairly target-rich environment for 2014. Where are you targeting geographically? Is this something that would be smaller bolt-on acquisitions like the ones that you've pursued in the past or could there be something larger out there? How are you thinking about that this year?
Alan D. Wilson: I'll take the first question on the industrial business in Asia and in China. We did see some recovery, and that's coming off some fairly weak results at the end of the year. There -- it's still, I wouldn't say, a completely robust environment. We've gained business with some local customers and are continuing to build our business there. So we have a pretty positive outlook for that business as we go into this year. I'll let Gordon talk about the acquisition activity. We've got a number of targets. And obviously, it's tough to time those, but we do have a number of targets in different parts of the world.
Gordon M. Stetz: Yes, clearly, we continue to pursue our emerging markets strategy in that we've identified China and India and Eastern Europe as key target markets. To Alan's point, it's difficult to forecast these things because you don't know when these relationships turn into an actual process and a deal. But likewise, the bolt-ons that we continue to look at within the developed markets, we're pursuing those as well. So to the extent we find complementary businesses that we think fit quite well on our strength in flavorings and sensory and food, we'll continue to pursue those. So it's difficult to be precise because we don't know which one is going to hit first. But I can tell you we're actively engaged in finding those targets that have helped us grow over the time -- over previous years.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Dickerson.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: I guess the first question I have is kind of a follow-up, I think, of an earlier question asked. It is on price gap. So I mean it sounds like over the past 4 years or so, if you look at just stacked rates, you probably have prices up for consumer anywhere from your 10% to 15%. But we're kind of discussing how volumes are kind of -- seem soft, and the outlook for '14 seems a little soft. But at the same time, we're also seeing that pricing -- we don't think pricing is really having an impact. So I'm just -- if pricing isn't really having an impact on volumes, as we're discussing, then why is private label taking share? I mean, how does private label compete with you outside of price?
Alan D. Wilson: I didn't say -- I didn't actually say that pricing isn't having an impact. I said it didn't have much of an impact in the fourth quarter last year. But what we are seeing in the trends, which is a little bit of a reversal of what we're seeing earlier in the year, is that private label unit growth is a little stronger than private label dollar growth. That tells me that there's some level of discounting. Our unit growth is trailing our dollar growth in this business in the syndicated data, which tells me there's some -- there's either some mixing of...
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: I mean clearly, that just means that the price gap is widening, right, which is [indiscernible].
Alan D. Wilson: That means over the past year, the price gap has widened a little bit. And that's part of our category management story with retailers is to help them understand what the optimum price gaps and pricing levels are for their premium branded products, their core branded products, their private label products and their opening price points so that they're not sacrificing category profitability to be able to impact that. But certainly, we are very sensitive to the price gaps that we have. And we think there's been some impact in our unit volume. And that gap has changed a little bit this year.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: Okay. Fair enough. And then just a simple housekeeping question. On the tax rate, the 30% to 31% projected for '14, what -- and it might be tough to kind of gauge this, but what's your level of conviction on that? I just ask because over the past 4 full fiscal years, you're at, I think starting in maybe fiscal 2009, your tax rate has come in approximately anywhere from 200 to 300 basis points below where you originally guided. And if we look at where earnings have come in, that's obviously generated a decent amount of EPS relative to where consensus would have been, let's say, 5 years ago.
Gordon M. Stetz: Tax rates are a very difficult thing to forecast because, obviously, it's kind of the last thing on the P&L and it all relates to your assumptions surrounding business mix, tax jurisdictions, and then you're also trying to anticipate legislative impacts. And, as you know, it's a very aggressive world we live in. You're also trying to monitor and manage risk profiles as it relates to audits that are occurring all around the world constantly now. So all I can tell you is based on the information we're looking at right now and based on what we know in the legislative environment, that's our best estimate based on the mix of earnings and the forecast. Will it change? As we progress through the year and we see how our businesses perform, it certainly could change. Things that are not assumed in there, for instance, is the R&D tax credit in the U.S. We're, in that rate, not assuming that, that gets reinstituted. But if Congress passes that, that certainly could be a favorability that we didn't anticipate. But at this time, it's not passed, so our rate reflects it. It's those types of items that make it difficult to forecast. But at this stage, it's the best estimate we've got.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: Okay. But I'm just asking because, I guess, as an analyst, so I think about if you come in 250 basis points below for 4 years in a row, then have you factored in, yourselves, that sensitivity over the past 4 years for next year's guidance or you're just kind of sticking with what you have? [indiscernible]
Gordon M. Stetz: We look at our outlook for the year. And based on the mix of earnings and the legislative environment, it's an add-up of our best estimate. Clearly, in this fourth quarter, the U.S. business didn't come in as expected. So it clearly had an impact on the rate, and that was one of the factors that we experienced.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Driscoll.
David C. Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Two questions. The first one goes back to the pensions. I believe that you guys said that pensions would be favorable, something like, by my calculation, about an $0.08 tailwind for 2014, but that you wanted to match that up with the requirement for higher incentive comp because, I think, the 2013 incentive comp was below normal. Is that an accurate recap?
Gordon M. Stetz: Yes. The only thing I would add is it didn't all occur in 2013. 2012 fourth quarter also. So I wouldn't say all of that rebuild occurred because of 2013. These things occur gradually over time. So year-to-year, over time, we've been below target for 2 straight years. And now we're trying to build back to target.
David C. Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: This is really important. So when you build back, is it a 1-year build back or is it something that's actually a headwind even in the next year? Because these kinds of things are always -- like pension was obvious on the outside that this would be a tailwind. Higher incentive comp is always less obvious. So it's always important to hear your comments. So is it a 1-year build back or is it multiyear?
Gordon M. Stetz: Well, it's a variable component based on performance. So it kind of pays for itself depending on the performance. So if we perform really well, we could build it back in 1 year. So it'll just be a function of the variable performance of the business.
David C. Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And then my final question is just -- just want to come back to this because I think this really matters. In the fourth quarter, consumer volumes, by our estimates, needed to come in like plus 4 points, so volumes need to be up 4. They come in down 3.5. So it's a 750 basis point forecasting miss. That's an enormous number. I think you guys are saying here that it's private label, it's price gaps and so forth. Alan, what I'd really like to ask is just simply that, if you went into the biggest holiday season and you go in with a price increase, and historically, you've never put a price increase in front of that holiday season, all these numbers, just because of the magnitude of them, they scream at me that what should have happened was a price decrease in order to stay competitive on these price gaps. So it's just -- it's an internal forecasting miss, not something that you couldn't handle. And maybe that's what you mean by being more nimble in the future. But I'd like to hear your response.
Alan D. Wilson: Yes, the price increase only, at least in the short term, only impacted the shift between quarters. What we expected is because we'd had a fairly -- with a lot of onetime issues in 2012, was a rebound from some supply issues we had and some of the demand from the Northeast, where Hurricane Sandy impacted us. And as we issued that guidance, we were seeing fairly good consumption data. What we didn't see in October and November were the sales and the reorders that we would've -- that we expected. We absolutely missed that forecast. And so that is what we are getting back at now, is not only forecasting better but executing better.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Alan, you mentioned that some of these other entries or entrants into this space are coming in, in some different areas as opposed to just the core spice and seasoning aisle. But for those that are in your core aisle, I've always thought about this space as generally being pretty set. And you obviously have a very high share of that sort of shelf set, if you will, over time. And so are they gaining access to some space that McCormick might have had at one point but lost? Or is the overall spice and seasoning space gaining some traction in shelf space in retailers, which are allowing for some of these other entrants to kind of come on-shelf? That's the first question.
Alan D. Wilson: Yes, there's a little bit of an expansion of space and some of these competitors are gaining some space. We've had limited losses of actual space. What's happening is a couple of years ago, the retailers were moving very much to managing SKUs and concentrating. What we're seeing, at least in our category, and I can't speak to other categories, is more fragmentation. So rather than a strategy that looked like it was going to be strong national brand, limited regional competitors and a strong private label, it looks like that what's happened over the last year, year and a half, has been more of those regional competitors gaining some traction that they have lost about 4 years ago. We're responding really aggressively to that because it's not helping the overall growth or the profitability in the category for the retailer. And that's the story we're telling.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: That's helpful. And then, this is more a little out there and probably not what's needed at all, but I'll throw it out there. There have been a couple of large categories that are very different than yours, of course. But let's call it, like, liquid detergents, where Tide is going to come out with a Tide Basic, right? So folks who want the brand, really comfortable with the brand, maybe don't need quite the level of efficacy that would be with core Tide and are willing to sort of move down on that scale a little bit. But want the brand, just want to pay a little less for it. The price gaps there and the pricing is very different, I'm sure, but I'm just trying to get a sense. Do you think there's an opportunity for some additional offerings, maybe using the McCormick brand but carefully so because that can get a little sensitive? Could you also kind of come more aggressively at that lower-end consumer?
Alan D. Wilson: Yes, we're exploring a number of different alternatives like that. We already offer a number of different price points, but we are exploring both on the premium and on the value what the right way to respond is.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Katzman.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I guess kind of diving onto Dave Driscoll and Andrew's points, can we go into the U.S. business in a little bit more detail because -- I mean, are we talking the bulk of the weakness was concentrated in the core spice and seasonings business or was this more broad-based? I mean, are you being outperformed in Zatarain, Lawry's, the Simply Asia business? Or is this just the Grill Mates? Or is it just core spice and seasoning mix?
Alan D. Wilson: No. We saw some weakness in some of our diversified businesses, and we're addressing those as well. But as you well know, the bulk of our profitability and our sales comes from the core categories, and that's where the majority of our emphasis is going to be.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And so one other question. So I mean, it seems like you're doing -- when I talk to other companies, Europe for the consumer is a disaster, continues to be. U. S., a bit better, albeit still very challenging. But you seem to almost have kind of the reverse of it. So what is it that's doing so well, relatively well in Europe versus what seems to be such a weak ending to last year for the U.S.?
Alan D. Wilson: Yes, our innovation platform in Europe has been more robust and more successful. Another part of the growth in Europe comes from our dessert business there, which we don't participate very much in here, but it really is down to a more successful innovation platform.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Mr. William Keller.
Sam Knezevic - Northcoast Research: This is actually Sam Knezevic on for Bill. My question actually is either for Gordon or Alan. Has your relationship with the retailers in the U.S. changed as it relates to your ability to sell them the private label products you manufacture alongside your branded product portfolio?
Alan D. Wilson: I wouldn't say the relationship has changed but it is 2 separate purchases. The branded tends to be a very traditional consumer packaged goods sale. The private label offering, which is again a part of our category management story, is -- and the reason we're in that business is to help the retailer get the right mix of products to maximize sales and profits. I would say that in a lot of cases, the retailers are separating those buys and private label is more of a bid process. But our category story hasn't changed. Our relationship really hasn't changed but some retailers have been more aggressive at bidding those kinds of products as opposed to the branded businesses.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Alan Wilson for any closing remarks.
Alan D. Wilson: I'd like to thank everybody for your questions and participating in today's call. We hope you'll be able to join us at CAGNY on February 19, whether you're there in person or by webcast, to learn more about our outlook for flavor and how we're going to capitalize on our growth. At McCormick, we have 125-year of heritage of innovation, collaboration and commitment to this business that's at the foundation of our global leadership in flavor. With a passion for flavor, we continue to drive growth and position our business for future success. Thank you.
Joyce L. Brooks: I'd like to give my thanks to everyone on today's call. Through February 5, a replay of the call can be accessed by dialing (855) 859-2056. The conference ID number is 19671330. You can also listen to a replay on our website later today. If anyone has additional questions regarding our information today, please give us a call at (410) 771-7244. This concludes this morning's conference.
Operator: With that, this concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-09-26 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Joyce L. Brooks - Vice President of Investor Relations and Member of Investment Committee Alan D. Wilson - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Gordon M. Stetz - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President, Director and Chairman of Investment Committee
Analysts: David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Leigh Ferst - Wellington Shields & Co., LLC, Research Division Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Thilo Wrede - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Charles Edward Cerankosky - Northcoast Research Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division Rachel Nabatian Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division
Joyce L. Brooks: Good morning. This is Joyce Brooks, McCormick's Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you for joining today's call to review the company's third quarter financial results and latest 2013 outlook. We've posted a set of slides to accompany the call at our website, ir.mccormick.com. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, the conference is being recorded. With me on the call are Alan Wilson, Chairman, President and CEO; and Gordon Stetz, Executive Vice President and CFO. Please note that today's presentation contains projections and other forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from those projected. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or other factors. As seen on Slide 2, our forward-looking statement also provides information on risk factors that could affect our financial results. It's now my pleasure to turn it over to Alan.
Alan D. Wilson: Thanks, Joyce. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. I'm pleased with the progress we're making in 2013 to advance McCormick's growth initiatives in operations around the world. We've had strong product innovation activity. Our recently acquired business, WAPC, is off to a great start. Plans are in place for a significant increase in our fourth quarter brand marketing, and we're again raising our projected cost savings from our CCI program. We continue to operate in a difficult environment and weak third quarter results in certain parts of our business have put pressure on our projected 2013 financial results. While we have moderated our sales and profit outlook for 2013, we believe that the growing consumer demand for flavor, along with our brand leadership, CCI program and solid fundamentals will lead to a stronger performance in 2014. For this morning's call, I want to begin with our third quarter results and then move on to a review of current market conditions and our outlook for fiscal 2013. I'll conclude with an update on progress with our growth initiatives. Turning to third quarter results on Slide 4. We grew sales 4%. This was driven largely by increased sales in our consumer business led by the acquisition of WAPC and a shift in sales from the fourth quarter. Industrial sales decreased just slightly, and we were glad to see some improvement in China this quarter. Gross profit margin was even with the year ago period, following the decline in each of the past 4 quarters. This improvement was primarily due to a favorable mix of business and our CCI cost savings. Operating income rose 3%, which is below our expectations for the quarter as the profit impact of the sales shortfall in the industrial business was greater than we expected. Despite this pressure, we continue to invest in our brand marketing this period. The favorable tax rate provided an offset to the operating income result, and at the bottom line, we reported earnings per share of $0.78. This is in line with the EPS guidance that we provided in June and even with EPS in the third quarter of 2012. For our consumer business, we grew sales 8% and operating income 9%. Our acquisition of WAPC and the shift in sales together contributed 10% to sales. I'll comment first on the sales shift and then address the underlying decline in consumer sales for the quarter. As in past years, we offered a holiday display program to customers to encourage adequate inventory and early displays for the fall cooking period and holiday season. This year, we had a particularly strong response with twice the number of display units shipped when compared to a year ago. As for the pricing action, we implemented a 3% increase in the U.S. that went into effect in the fourth quarter. Since our last major U.S. price increase at the end of 2011, the majority of our materials, including cinnamon, oregano, rice and packaging continued to increase. While savings from our CCI program have partially offset these higher costs, we believe this pricing action was appropriate. Turning to the underlying performance in consumer sales for the quarter, we had varying results this period, as Gordon will cover in more detail. But I want to provide some remarks and the third quarter results for our U.S. consumer business. If you recall, we achieved a strong 6% growth rate in the first half of 2013 for consumer business sales in the Americas. We had excellent sales and marketing execution for Super Bowl, Easter and grilling events. This was followed in the early part of the third quarter by lower sales of spices and seasonings, including grilling items, with softness in both our factory shipments and in retail sales. In the latter part of the quarter, we're encouraged by stronger growth at retail for the spice and seasoning category, and we expect this improvement to extend into the fourth quarter. For our industrial business, third quarter sales were comparable to the year ago period in local currency, although operating income was down 16%. As anticipated, we had weak demand from quick service restaurants in the U.S. and China, although China was better than we expected as sales begin to recover from consumer concerns about bird flu earlier this year. In the U.S., quick service restaurant customers have faced lower restaurant traffic and have emphasized menu items that don't use McCormick flavors. The decline in operating income is largely attributable to an unfavorable mix of business across regions as our U.S. industrial business is more profitable in some other regions due to scale and efficiency. Other factors affecting this quarter included the higher retirement benefit costs and increase material costs. For our industrial business, we have a more cautious outlook for the fourth quarter performance, although do -- we do expect better sales and profit growth. I'd like to comment next on our view of the current economic conditions in our primary markets and the impact on McCormick's business. There's been a lot of news recently about the slowdown in emerging markets. In Eastern Europe, we entered the market post recession with our acquisition of Kamis in 2011. The economic outlook in this region has been lowered for 2013, but we continue to see growth in our main markets and are achieving solid increases in both our consumer and industrial businesses. Latin America slowed recently. Although our primary business in Mexico has had solid sales growth in both our consolidated industrial business and our consumer business joint venture. And in Asia, recent reports indicate a slowdown in China and India. Despite a lower GDP growth rate in China, we're growing consumer business sales at a double-digit rate, and we believe that the weak demand from quick service restaurant customers relates more to consumer concerns specific to poultry than in general economy as our customers continue to invest in new locations. In India, we would expect greater economic volatility, and we're experiencing fluctuations in our businesses. But we're in this market for the long-term potential as a leading flavor company. India is a compelling market for McCormick where the per capita spice consumption is estimated to be 5x greater than in the U.S. In our developed markets, while we see a slow recovery underway in North America and Western Europe, it's a bit unsteady quarter-to-quarter and benefiting some demographic groups more than others. For our business, even with the third quarter slowdown in the U.S., the 52-week increase in our largest category, spices and seasonings, remain strong in our top developed markets as seen on Slide 7. Many customers and consumers are preparing meals at home as a way to explore new flavors, improve healthy eating and manage their budget. Some consumers are managing their budget by purchasing private label. In the latest 52-week period, the U.S. consumption data shows sales of private label up at nearly twice the category rate, although this trend was also affected by retailer price increases and by our success in reducing opening price point offerings at certain retailers to improve category sales and profits. By reducing these low price and lower margins opening price points, we're encouraging consumers to trade up to private label or our branded alternatives. At McCormick, we have the advantage of strong brand leadership, not just in spices and seasonings, but across many of our categories as seen on Slides 8 and 9. As a supplier of everything from opening price point to private label to premium gourmet, we continue to work with our customers to optimize the shelf set. Our objective is to keep our brands relevant and the perceived value to the consumer by continuing to invest in marketing, developing distinctive and compelling new products, gaining placement for our products across retail channels and focusing on in-store merchandising and execution to stay front of mind with consumers. Pressure on today's consumer in our developed markets is also evident in our year-to-date sales to the food service industry which account for about half of our industrial business. The other half of sales are products sold to many of the major packaged foods companies. A number of these companies have faced a period of weak category growth, private label inroads or branded competition and have aggressive programs underway to lower costs. As a supplier to these companies, this focus on cost reduction efforts can detract from their new product activity. While 2013 has been a difficult year for our industrial business, we're proud of our long-term relationships with food service and packaged foods companies that are global leaders. Together with these customers, we recognize that innovation is a key element to attracting the consumer and we'll continue to develop winning products to restore growth. We're encouraged by an industrial business pipeline of new products heading into 2014. I began my remarks with McCormick's third quarter results and shared our perspective on current business conditions. In the fourth quarter, we expect to grow sales 7% and adjusted earnings per share by 7%, which is moderated from our previous outlook due in part to the shift in U.S. sales. For the fiscal year, our sales and profit projections have moved to the lower end of our ranges, but remain within our long term 4% to 6% range for sales growth. And for EPS, excluding the impact of higher retirement expense and tax rate, are within our long term 9% to 11% EPS growth objective. So why do we expect this improvement in the fourth quarter given our year-to-date results? As discussed, we see retail sales recovery from the category softness early in the third quarter. We're driving sales with innovation and approximately $10 million in incremental brand marketing, which I'll describe in a minute, and we have some favorable comparisons to the fourth quarter of 2012 which included some areas of sales weakness and costs related to a supplier quality issue. Gordon will comment on these factors in more detail. Looking beyond 2013, while I'm not prepared to give guidance for 2014, we expect a stronger financial performance based from progress with our growth initiatives. In addition, we anticipate low single-digit material cost inflation, and we do not expect our 2014 retirement benefit expense or tax rate to be the headwind that it was for McCormick in 2013. I want to comment next on progress of our key growth initiatives and the momentum we're building as we approach 2014. Starting with acquisitions on Slide 12. We're pleased to report that WAPC is off to an excellent start with sales and profit ahead of expectations and on target in our integration process. We have sales and marketing activity underway in 3 central China provinces to introduce McCormick's strengths and capabilities to WAPC customers. And in the coastal regions where McCormick has strong relationships with modern trade, we've began to introduce WAPC bouillon products. Looking ahead, we have a solid pipeline of potential acquisition opportunities. These include core spice and seasoning businesses in markets where we don't have a strong presence, and in our current markets, brands that deliver flavor and that we can profitably expand. Innovation is another key growth driver. We're introducing a number of innovative new products this year and most of them are now in distribution. In the U.S., these include our flavorful McCormick steak sauces, easy-to-serve Zatarain's microwavable rice mixes and our success with a line of gourmet recipe mixes, for which 36% of sales are incremental to the category. In France, we introduced a premium gourmet spice and herb line and an assortment of recipe mixes for which we've already gained a 6% category share. This quarter, the U.K. is launching Flavour Shots, a blend of spices and seasonings and sunflower oil that combines convenience and great flavor. Retailers are telling us it's our most innovative product to date. Under the Kamis brand in Poland, we've introduced a full line of recipe mixes. In China, we have a new squeezable pouch ketchup and a 13-spice blend that will be supported by television advertising this quarter. And we're having success with the new Aeroplane brand desserts in Australia and convenient rice and seasoning blends in India. As for our industrial business, as I indicated, we're pleased with our new product pipeline as we head into 2014. In support of all of our innovation efforts, we continue to expand our sensory, culinary, flavor analysis and our other capabilities in our worldwide R&D facilities. Turning to brand marketing support on Slide 14. We're planning a $10 million increase this quarter, led by holiday activity in EMEA and programs in the Asia/Pacific region to build awareness and trial of new products. The fall cooking and holiday season are an important period for our U.S. consumer business. In addition to the significant increase and display activity, we're staging the same type of mega-themed event approach that led to the success with our first quarter 2013 Super Bowl event. We've kicked off the fourth quarter with a fall cooking event supported by a new TV ad, print and online support, and we have a similar approach ready for the Thanksgiving and Christmas season. Across all of our businesses, we're excited about the growth potential of our leading brands and continue to measure and improve the effectiveness of our marketing support. Underpinning our growth initiatives is the increased interest in flavor in markets around the world. Globally, Euromonitor projects robust long-term sales growth for spices and seasonings, our largest category. With a 22% share of this category, 4x that of our next largest competitor, we are a global leader and meeting this consumer demand for flavor with a broad portfolio of products and increasing geographic presence. Before turning it over to Gordon, I want to thank all of our employees for their efforts and achievements. Together, we have a passion for flavor, and we're working toward continuing our growth and success at McCormick. Gordon?
Gordon M. Stetz: Thanks, Alan, and good morning, everyone. As Alan described, the third quarter results of our business segments varied by region, and in certain areas, were below our expectations. While we expect better growth rates in the fourth quarter, we have adjusted our full year outlook to reflect the third quarter performance. I'm going to begin with a closer look at sales and operating income results for each segment, starting with the consumer business. We grew consumer business sales 7% in local currency. As Alan indicated, this third quarter increase included the impact of WAPC and the shift in sales from the fourth quarter. Each of these contributed about 5% to sales growth in the third quarter for the consumer segment. Excluding the impact of currency, WAPC and the sales shift, consumer business sales declined 2% in the third quarter. On the same basis, we have grown consumer business sales 3% year-to-date. On Slide 18, in the Americas region, sales rose 4% with an underlying decline of 4%, following the strong first half and soft consumption early in the third quarter. While the shift in sales creates a fourth quarter headwind for this part of our business, we expect our brand marketing, new product activity and in-store fall cooking and holiday season execution to drive growth. And as a reminder, in the fourth quarter of 2012, the combined impact of Hurricane Sandy and retail purchase patterns lowered sales growth in this region by about 3%. In Europe, the Middle East and Africa, EMEA, sales in local currency were even with the year ago period. Increases in Poland and parts of Western Europe were driven by innovation and our brand marketing activity. This was offset by a decline in the U.K. related to weak retailer sales across a number of categories. Consumer business sales in the Asia Pacific region rose 54% in local currency. WAPC contributed 59%, leaving a base business decline of 5% in local currency. While we grew sales in China at a double-digit rate, excluding WAPC, sales in India declined significantly. In India, sales declined as consumers reacted to a significant increase in the cost of rice. Operating income for the consumer business rose 9% when compared to the third quarter of 2012. Higher sales and our CCI cost savings drove this increase and more than offset the impact of a $3 million increase in brand marketing support and higher material and retirement benefit costs. Turning to our industrial business as seen on Slide 22. Third quarter sales were comparable to the year ago period in local currency, with an increase in pricing offset by a slight reduction in volume and product mix. In the Americas industrial business, sales declined 2% as a result of lower volume and product mix. Solid sales growth with food manufacturers was offset by lower demand for customized products sold to quick service restaurants, as Alan described. We grew industrial sales in EMEA by 4% in local currency. This is on top of 7% year-on-year growth in the third quarter of 2012. In the third quarter of 2013, we had similar contributions from pricing actions and volume and product mix, with the primary increase in customized flavor solutions, supplied from our facilities in Turkey and South Africa to quick service restaurants. In the third quarter of 2013, Asia/Pacific sales in local currency grew 2% from the year ago period. This reflects an improvement in China with sales to quick service restaurants, and while we remain cautious, we expect further improvement in the fourth quarter. As a reminder, industrial sales in this region declined 17% in the fourth quarter of 2012. Operating income for the industrial business was $30 million in the third quarter of 2013 compared to $35 million in the year ago period. An unfavorable mix of business, higher retirement benefit costs and material cost inflation were offset in part by CCI cost savings. We expect operating income for this business to improve in the fourth quarter versus the year ago period, due in part to $4 million in costs associated with a supplier quality issue that we recorded in the fourth quarter of 2012. For the total company, third quarter operating income was $148 million compared to $144 million in the year ago period. The favorable impact of higher sales and cost savings from our CCI program more than offset an unfavorable business mix, approximately $5 million in retirement benefit expense, $4 million of incremental brand marketing support and higher material costs. As Alan indicated, gross profit margin improved from prior quarters and was even with the year ago period in the third quarter. This was due in part to a favorable business mix with the stronger consumer business sales as well as CCI cost savings. Moving below operating income. Our tax rate for third quarter was 26%, largely as a result of a $3 million discrete tax item. The 26% tax rate was up slightly from 25% in the third quarter of 2012. We currently expect an underlying tax rate of 29% for fiscal year 2013. This is down from our prior guidance of 29.5% as a result of our current mix of earnings across tax jurisdictions. Our 2013 guidance for income from unconsolidated operations continues to be an increase of about 10%. This growth rate was front-end loaded as income from unconsolidated operations was up 33% through the first half of 2013. In the second half, profit for our joint venture in Mexico is being unfavorably impacted by the cost to relocate to a new manufacturing facility. This new facility has been built to create capacity for growth in this market and to improve efficiency. We reported 78 -- I apologize, we reported $0.78 earnings per share. Compared to the third quarter of 2012, higher operating income added $0.02 to earnings per share, offset by the increase in the tax rate and the net impact of other factors shown on Slide 30. Let's turn next to our balance sheet and cash flow on Slide 31. Increases in working capital from the year ago period are largely related to extended terms, which were part of the holiday display program in the U.S., as well as the WAPC. Year-to-date cash flow from operations was $227 million compared to $256 million in the first 3 quarters of 2012, with the decrease due, in large part, to the timing of tax payments and higher receivables. During the quarter, we issued $250 million of debt and were able to price our new 10-year note offering with a 3.5% coupon, a 90 basis point spread to U.S. treasuries. These proceeds have been used to retire our long-term debt that came due in September. In the fourth quarter, we intend to bring the debt levels closer to our debt-to-EBITDA ratio target by fiscal year end. Following the acquisition of WAPC, we had minimal share repurchase activity in the third quarter. In the fourth quarter, we expect to complete our current $400 million authorization, which had $45 million remaining at the end of the third quarter and to begin repurchasing shares from the $400 million authorization approved in April. Before turning to our outlook, let me comment on the outcome of the lump sum payout program for the U.S. pension plan that we announced during our last earnings call. As we described, a lump sum payout was offered to approximately 3,300 former U.S. employees with deferred vested pension benefits. Based on the strong response to this program, we expect to pay out approximately $60 million, which will be funded from pension assets. We will record a settlement charge of approximately $20 million in the fourth quarter and will provide supplemental non-GAAP earnings per share exclusive of this item. This program was an important step forward in the long-term management of McCormick's retirement plans and we are pleased with our success. As a final topic, let's review McCormick's latest 2013 financial outlook as shown on Slide 33. The projections I am sharing are on an adjusted basis to exclude the impact of the settlement charge. Starting at the top line, we expect a 7% sales increase in the fourth quarter, which puts us at the lower end of our 4% to 6% range for fiscal year 2013. We are seeing improving consumption numbers. We expect a favorable impact from WAPC of 2% to 3%, and we have a favorable comparison to the fourth quarter of 2012, which had some sales weakness in the Americas consumer business. Offsetting these increases in part will be the unfavorable impact of the sales shift we described. We expect a double-digit increase in operating income for the fourth quarter, leading to a 3% to 5% increase in adjusted operating income for the fiscal year versus our prior guidance of 5% to 7%. Factors that we anticipate will have a favorable impact on operating income this quarter include the projected sales growth rate and CCI cost savings, which we now expect to reach at least $55 million in 2013. In addition, our fourth quarter 2012 result included $4 million of expense related to a supplier quality issue. We expect these factors to more than offset a planned increase in brand marketing support of approximately $10 million and a projected increase of about $5 million in retirement benefit expense. Moving on to the tax rate. As I indicated, our guidance for the fourth quarter tax rate is 29%. This compares to a tax rate of 24.7% in the fourth quarter of 2012 due to cash repatriation. This year-on-year variance in the tax rate is expected to lower our adjusted earnings per share by approximately $0.07 in the fourth quarter. For the fourth quarter, we expect to grow adjusted earnings per share of 7% from earnings per share of $1.11 in the fourth quarter of 2012. We expect operating income to have the strongest contribution to this growth, followed by the favorable impact of lower interest expense and shares outstanding, partially offset by the unfavorable tax rate impact. This fourth quarter outlook leads to a fiscal year earnings per share projection at the lower end of our $3.13 to $3.19 range. As shown on Slide 34, excluding the impact of increases in our 2013 retirement plan expense and the higher tax rate, our underlying adjusted earnings per share growth rate is expected to be close to 9%. Just to be clear, the $0.11 increase in retirement benefit expense I'm referring to here is the actuarially determined annual expense, which is part of our operating cost and is separate from the onetime settlement charge related to the lump sum payout program. That concludes my comments on guidance. So now let's turn to your questions, after which, Alan will provide some closing remarks. Operator, we're ready for the first question.
Operator: [Operator Instruction] Our first question comes from David Driscoll with Citigroup.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I have 2 questions. One on the cost outlook, the inflation outlook, and one on that comment about the 2014 tax and retirement costs. On the cost outlook, the -- I believe what you wrote there was in 2014, you're looking for low single-digit material cost increases. I guess I just want to get your impressions that if we have deflation in the grain markets potentially affecting much of the grocery store, how do you see your business in 2014 in comparison to what might be many other categories, in fact, seeing price declines while you guys are actually having to take pricing? So that's the first one.
Alan D. Wilson: Yes, we -- our commodities certainly are different. Most of our products are grown outside the U.S. in areas that are within a few degrees in the equator. And there's a lot of different dynamics that impact that. Weather, like monsoons in India, can impact some of the -- some of our costs. We're certainly not expecting cost declines across our core spice and seasonings ingredients. We may see some and -- that impact more of our industrial business in things like grains, but we're going to be a little counter to what you may be seeing in some of the other commodities. I'll let Gordon take the other part of the question.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Second question was just on 2014 tax and retirement costs. It seems like from the comments, both from the lump sum payment, like I'm struggling to understand why that's not favorable to the retirement cost picture going forward in 2014. And the tax rate, it doesn't seem like it should be moving up much. So when you make this comment that it's less of a headwind, that still suggests that it is a headwind. It's just less of a headwind. But kind of why is it? It doesn't seem like it perhaps should be.
Gordon M. Stetz: Yes, David, just to focus first on the retirement going forward, our -- what we're saying when we say less of a headwind is really we're speaking to the fact that this year's increase in the operating income expense impact of that was a function of the interest rate environment, primarily where rates declined at end of last year when we established our valuation. Our expectation, given the rate environment, is certainly that rates -- and as well as everyone knows this on the call, rates shouldn't decline any further. So at a minimum, we would expect that expense not to go up like it did this year. And then if it's a favorability, it will purely a function of what the rate environment is at November 30 when we establish the valuation date. And to your point on tax, tax rate, again, the favorable rate that we experienced in 2012 was primarily a function of a transaction we did, which was cash repatriation, which we did not duplicate this year and do not anticipate a similar transaction at this stage as we look into 2014. So again, we're not looking for any unfavorable comparison related to the tax rate as we head into 2014 as we had experienced in 2013.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Goldman with JPMorgan.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Alan, if I heard you correctly, and I may not have, I thought you said -- you mentioned some success in reducing opening price points at certain retailers and that this is encouraging consumers to trade up to private label or branded alternatives. Again, I may not have heard that right, but it's not often that a company talks about trading consumers up to private label. So maybe you can add some color there.
Alan D. Wilson: Yes, sure. What -- opening price point in the spice business, and has been there for a long time for these products. And we have a number of these brands like Fifth Seasons and Spice Classics and a couple of other control brands that would show up actually in our branded sales that sell between $0.50 and $1. And a number -- some retailers, some major retailers have reduced their reliance on those. And what's happening is, that's improving the category sales and profits for the retailer. A lot of those are shifting into private label, but that's a good thing for both us and them.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then when you look at the change in your consumer performance in the Americas from the beginning of the quarter to the end, and I know you've touched on this a little bit, but can you just again add some color as to what you maybe think some of the biggest drivers were of that improvement...
Alan D. Wilson: I never like to use weather as an excuse, but the early part of June, it was a fairly atypical weather for the early part of the summer. I think that did impact it, we saw -- and the reason I can say that with some confidence is because of the impact on grilling items and -- which is a big part of our summer sales in the U.S. So I think there was something going on there, and we've seen it from the releases by retailers and other food manufacturers that the beginning of summer was weaker than I think they expected. We're encouraged by what we've seen later in the summer and what we're seeing early in the fall.
Operator: Your next question comes from Leigh Ferst with Wellington Shields.
Leigh Ferst - Wellington Shields & Co., LLC, Research Division: I was wondering if you could tell us what kind of reaction you've gotten to 3% price increase. And what kind of marketing you're doing to -- marketing promotion you're doing in relation to that?
Alan D. Wilson: Yes, price increases are never easy. And as David mentioned in the first part of the call, we're a little counter to what some other companies are seeing because our products are going up and some are seeing some commodity health. By and large, and we have a long history of this, we have a good story. We are explaining the reason for the price increase and we're moving it through. From a consumer standpoint, we are certainly continuing our strong advertising program. We are promoting to make sure that we get to the right price point at the right time, so that we maintain consumption as we move it. 3% is pretty modest as this is, I think, one of the lower price increases we've had in the last 5 or 6 years.
Leigh Ferst - Wellington Shields & Co., LLC, Research Division: And shifting to a long-term perspective, I know you're not giving guidance on '14, and you're still using the Euromonitor 5-year outlook, but is there any change in how you look at your business long-term based on what's going on around the world?
Alan D. Wilson: Well, certainly, we believe long term that we're well positioned. There is -- there is some lumpiness in different markets that we are adapting to, and we continue to do that, but we're -- we believe that long term, we're in a great business, we are seeing category growth rates that are strong. Over time we're seeing the world's consumers continue to develop a level of affluence, which means they improve their food supply. And we think that's positive. We're seeing more move in most markets to modern trade. We think that's all positive. Certainly, we believe we're well-positioned. And we'll adapt our business to make sure that we can manage through whatever situation that we have.
Leigh Ferst - Wellington Shields & Co., LLC, Research Division: Great. And regarding Wuhan, you said you're ahead of plan. Are you -- do you think that's because you had to wait so long to implement this and you had a long-term to -- a long time to evaluate what was -- and plan what you wanted to do there?
Alan D. Wilson: Yes, we had a very strong integration plan and it's been well executed. And so I think that's a -- that is certainly a piece of it. I want to give the team on the ground a lot of credit for what they've done to bring it in. But we, given the length of time between the announcement and the actual close, we did have time to put together good plans.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Growe with Stifel.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I just had 2 questions for you. I wanted to start first with the industrial division and just to get a better sense of kind of what's going on in that division. We have seen an improvement in Asia, still some weakness in the U.S. I guess what I'm trying to get at is, do you have any more visibility into the pipeline of products your restaurant customers are implementing, do you foresee an improvement, say, into Q4 and into early 2014?
Alan D. Wilson: In terms of specific restaurant customers, about half of our business is foodservice distributors and the other half are quick service. We're seeing actually more optimism in the branded food service business than we are in the QSR. From our standpoint, but remember, this isn't -- you shouldn't read that we're making a comment on the entire consumption for QSR, just the products that we supply. We tend to supply more core menu type items. And as they are introducing breakfast, for instance, that's not necessarily an area that we play in. We're encouraged that we're seeing some new product activity, but we're not seeing enough to offset some weakness in the core items.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: And so do you have visibility to those improving say, later in the quarter and early into next year? Is there any kind of a little positive outlook as we look ahead?
Alan D. Wilson: Yes, we think over the next few quarters, we're going to see some continued improvement, but we've expected to see that for -- as we've have headed in the second half of the year. We think fourth quarter will be better, certainly, than we've seen in the first 3 quarters.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And just one -- if I could ask one on the consumer division. You had a weak start to the quarter, it sounds like, from a demand standpoint. So I'm just curious, was that related to I guess what you were talking about earlier about some of the weather weakness earlier in the quarter? And then just to understand, as you ship more product ahead to the degree at which that helps sales this quarter, it sounds like you got more product out there, more in the slate out there. Do you think that could help fourth quarter sales, then, as well for the consumer division?
Alan D. Wilson: Yes, we think that will help fourth quarter consumption. The earlier we get it up, the more likely we are to move it through. And last year, we saw consumption -- even with everything that happened, we saw consumption stay pretty steady. But our factory sales were a little more lumpy because of certain internal events. But I think we're feeling pretty good at this point as to where we are in fourth quarter. We've got a good advertising program. We've got strong displays out on the floor. So we're encouraged and optimistic about fourth quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from Alexia Howard with Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Can I ask about the U.K. You mentioned weak retailer sales over there. So I'd like to get a bit of a sense of whether that's likely to persist and what's causing that over there?
Alan D. Wilson: The U.K. has been a little bit weaker. The question on what's driving that weakness is probably a little tougher. The U.K. is, as you know, a difficult market. The retailers are largely consolidated. We saw just relatively flat sales in the U.K. in the quarter. We again, we have a good line of product activity. We have advertising in place and so we're trying to make sure that we can keep our products relevant to the consumer.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay. And as a quick follow-up, the Mexico JV relocation, when will that be completed? And when can we expect a rebound in performance over there? And I'll pass it on.
Alan D. Wilson: Yes, the performance of our business -- the underlying performance of our business in Mexico has been pretty good. We'll finish the charges in the fourth quarter as we relocate from an older plant to a new plant, where we expect higher productivity. So we should see the impact of that as we go in through next year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Thilo Wrede with Jefferies.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Gordon, in the last few quarters you've made a good effort of reducing inventories. You seem to have had inventory growth this quarter. What's your view on inventory right now and your ability to reduce that going forward?
Gordon M. Stetz: Well, I think the 2 factors impacting it this quarter, the vast majority of that increase year-over-year relates to the Wuhan acquisition, probably -- not probably, 70% of that increase year-over-year is primarily the fact that we now have inventory associated with that acquisition. We did have also some increases as we prepare for the fourth quarter this year, making sure that we're ready for great execution around our products and having that inventory sufficient to drive through with the programs that we have in place. I'd say, on a go-forward basis, it is something that we continue to have a lot of programs around and we have lots of energy around our sales and operation planning process. You've heard us talk greatly about systems improvements, which we have done and we're leveraging globally. So if we look at our 3-year forward plans, we continue to believe that that's an area we can get efficiencies and continue to get a benefit in our cash flow.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then maybe I missed this in your prepared remarks, but you're obviously now doing price increases in the U.S. consumer business. Yet, in the third quarter, price was more or less flat if not down in the U.S. consumer business. How do I need to look at that? Why was the pricing going in the opposite direction of what I would have expected?
Alan D. Wilson: We haven't taken pricing in a couple of years, it's been 2 years. And so what we introduced was a 3% price, which will be effective in the fourth quarter. So you would not have seen pricing impact in the third quarter at all.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: But was there an increase in promotions in the U.S.? For example, I mean last quarter, price grew at a much healthier rate.
Alan D. Wilson: There may have been some promotional activity. Our -- Gordon, can you help me with that?
Gordon M. Stetz: Yes, I mean really, we haven't seen a great deal of price realization in the U.S. I mean, the only price that we've taken was a minor one that was in the third quarter of last year related to pepper, so you probably saw a slight benefit. But we've anniversary-ed that now as we've come into this third quarter. So as we go into Q4, as Alan said, the latest price increase really is not executed until partway through the fourth quarter.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Okay. I appreciate that. And then last question I have for you was the rice business in India, you said it was a reaction to an increase in rice cost. If the Indian consumer, other than the price increase, how is the Indian consumer doing right now? Is that a healthy market for you other than that?
Alan D. Wilson: I wouldn't say it's a healthy market. There's a lot of volatility in India and you've seen that with currency changes. So we've got some internal things specific to our business that we're working through and that's around making sure that we've got a competitive position. But I wouldn't say that the Indian consumer at this point is a robust consumer.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chuck Cerankosky with Northcoast Research.
Charles Edward Cerankosky - Northcoast Research: If you sort of look at the Americas and keeping in my how people talked about this bifurcated recovery, can you comment on the demand trends both in consumer and industrial segments? What you're seeing by channel and type of restaurant and retailer?
Alan D. Wilson: Yes, we're seeing -- and it is, I think, bifurcated. I think there are certain segments that are doing well. We're seeing in most of our markets more robust, an interest in high-end gourmet-type products. We did a really good job with a higher-end gourmet product in France. We're seeing that and some results in the U.S. as well. And we're seeing from retailers like we talked about, eliminating some of the opening price points, they're still a value consumer, but we're able to serve them a little bit better with better quality products. I do think it is tough. I think consumers are not feeling very robust. And I think it's a tough market.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ann Gurkin with Davenport.
Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: I have 2 questions. One, if you think about top line growth for the next 12 to 18 months, what do you see as the key levers to driving that growth? Is it pricing? Innovation? Mix? Can you help me as to how to think about what drives top line?
Alan D. Wilson: Yes, I'll start it and Gordon, if you want to add anything, please do. Certainly, we'll see some impact of pricing that we'll experience most of the next year. We have a pretty good pipeline of new products that we think will help drive growth. We're starting to shift our industrial business into more higher-value flavor-type products as we have some new technology coming online. So we kind of see some of that coming. Gordon, do you want to add anything to that?
Gordon M. Stetz: Yes, I'd emphasize back to our long-term algorithm and the elements of that, where we talk about the 4% to 6%. Now don't take this yet as guidance for 2014 but certainly, if you break that down, 1/3 of that is in the base business around strong execution and the strong category trends, 1/3 of that through the innovation and 1/3 of that through acquisitions which have occurred, on average, over time. So if you look into next year, we have certain elements of all of that with a little bit of price. So that's the way I would be thinking about it.
Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Great. And then second, in the fourth quarter, for some reason, I think you all are going to launch a new flavor platform, a product platform. Is that still on track? Can you give me any update on that?
Alan D. Wilson: It will be commercialized and we're in the process of commercializing it. It really won't impact fourth quarter very much. It will be probably be more through next year as we start to get it completely online.
Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: But we should still learn about it in Q4. As expected?
Alan D. Wilson: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse.
Rachel Nabatian: This is actually Rachel Nabatian in for Rob Moskow. So by our math, given that $30 million was pulled forward in 3Q, it seems like you need a really big 4Q for consumer, especially since industrial is expected to be weaker than our prior expectations. Now to be fair, you did say that it's an easier comp and you have programs in place to drive sales. But even so, it still seems like you need a rather large sales increase. So I guess we just wanted to know, what gives you the confidence that you're going to be able to hit your sales target?
Gordon M. Stetz: Well, just -- you pointed out all the accurate elements. We are looking at a more favorable comp in Q4 as it relates to both the U.S. consumer business and the global industrial business. When you net the 2 elements of the pull-ahead and the issues that we experienced last year in the Americas on the consumer side, we're probably up against a net headwind of about 2% to 3%. So your question obviously is what gives us the confidence. Well, we're starting in a good place with the merchandising displays up there and we're starting in a good place with the consumption trends that we're seeing. And behind all that, we have very, very strong programs targeted in every month in advertising around, as you heard us talk about the mega events and for holiday cooking. So ultimately, it's going to be the execution and the pull-through that we're gearing up. You heard us talk about $10 million of incremental spend to drive those sales. So we're looking for sales recovery in that Q4. Combining that with what we would see as an improving gross profit trend relative to what we've seen prior year in the first 3 quarters, that's all the elements of our thinking in our guidance.
Operator: Your next question comes from Rob Dickerson with Consumer Edge.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: I guess, just to try to summarize the strategy around the pricing increase a little bit. It's basically what you're saying is that input costs, you're probably expecting it to be still low single-digits into fiscal '14. And because of that, you're taking the 3% price and that's it? Because I guess what's still a bit counterintuitive is if we look at the global forecast despite growth either in the U.S. or on a global basis, when you look at your trends, I mean, you have been losing share and that share has been lost by volume. So I'm just trying to get an idea of like how to match the price increase with continued volume share loss because it would seem like, as you said, as we go into next year, most of the growth I would think would be coming from price at least in the Americas, which could mean that you could continue to lose volume. So if you could just comment on that please?
Alan D. Wilson: Yes, we believe we've got the programs that will help us to continue to drive and increase volume. And our growth is going to be based a little bit on price, pricing is a big part of our algorithm. We only use price to offset commodity costs and we have seen that commodity cost increases. Part of what you've seen in the growth in private label has been price. Our private label customers and our retail customers, whether we supply the private label or not, have been taking price. So I think you're seeing some of that in the dollar growth from private label as well. So we're in an environment and we've been very responsible on price where we believe that this is appropriate. We have not taken pricing in a couple of years. It was time to do that because our costs have continued to accelerate. But we take our responsibility in terms of how we price, we take a lot of responsibility and accountability for that.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: Okay. And then just a quick follow-up. On the marketing side, it looks like kind of as the year has progressed, the plan is to increase marketing and it's supposed to be up $13 million for the year. I think original guidance, it was supposed to be up $15 million. So you're technically spending less than you originally expected even though $10 million of it, almost all of it is coming in Q4. So can you just comment on why -- I mean, I know, it's only $2 million, which is -- off of $15 million, but could you just comment why it would come in at a little bit lower? And why it is so Q4-loaded even with the volume pressure that we saw in Q3?
Alan D. Wilson: We do, in our U.S. business, about 40% of our sales in the fourth quarter. So it would be back-loaded. The highest ROI that we get in our marketing programs are geared towards the Thanksgiving and holiday -- and Christmas periods. So it just makes sense that that's where the bulk of that would be, and it supports the programs and the display activities that we have out there. We are leaning into our business. We recognize that we have had some challenges. We've typically had pretty good volume growth. We want to continue that and that's why we are leaning in with our marketing programs.
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I guess first question. Alan, you know it's -- I've been hearing about Wal-Mart reducing inventories across many categories. And so I guess in relationship to the fourth quarter and your easier comps but hopes for some improvement, kind of how does -- how do lower inventories at retail -- by the retailers figure into your calculations of improvement?
Alan D. Wilson: Yes, we -- I'll say, the big impact on the sell-in in the third quarter were specific large customers who took their orders at end of August instead of at the beginning of September. So that would say that they are believing, at least in this category, that there's some reason to get those displays up early, and we've seen them and they're up. So that we think is positive. Ultimately, what happens is the consumer is going to have to pull it through, which is why we have the marketing programs that we do. So we're banking on our sales -- our factory sales and our consumption relatively matching up. We haven't factored in that we think there's going to be a large de-loading by the retailers at the end of the year. Typically, we don't see that in our category in the fourth quarter.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And just to kind of follow on to that. It seems like over the last few years really, and I've heard this from some investors, questions about how shipments versus consumption have moved around. I think last year, you may have had some movements from the fourth into the first quarter and now you've had third versus fourth. And so as the category manager and clear share leader, why don't -- why doesn't the company have seemingly like better or maybe more consistent kind of shipments as opposed to what seems kind of almost like a high low from quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year?
Alan D. Wilson: I think what happens, and what's happened in more recent periods, is customers have been buying a lot closer to consumption. And in their stores, they tell us, their customers, the consumer is buying on a different pattern. They're buying closer to when they get paid. And so they're trying to manage their levels of inventory closer to when they're going to have needs. When they miss it and they have too much inventory, they immediately react to that. When they have not enough inventory, which is what happened in fourth quarter last year, they also react to that. So I think there's -- I think it's a little bit less certainty around how the consumers purchase patterns are and a focus by everybody on making sure that they're maximizing cash flow.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. Last question. Your stock has underperformed the group pretty significantly this year, maybe anticipating some of what we're talking about today. You're saying that fiscal '14 should be a pretty strong year. Yet it sounds like, and it's not a huge business, but it sounds like Kohinoor is missing your targets and Wuhan is not going to add to earnings next year, if my memory is correct. So I guess, what else can you -- you talked about the top line a little bit for '14, but what should -- and you talked about some of the non-operating things. What should help? Is like CCI savings maybe going to be accelerated? Or is there -- you're just counting on the mix shift getting better to help the business? Because it sounds like input cost will continue to be a bit of a headwind.
Alan D. Wilson: Yes, without getting into giving guidance for next year, we're still putting our budgets together. But the key things that we think will help to impact, one is recovery in our U.S. industrial business and in China as well. Wuhan will add about $0.03 the next year. We do expect to be in a better position in India next year, so that is certainly a piece of it. We've talked about the impact on pension cost, which we're not forecasting at this point, but we believe shouldn't be the headwind that they've been this year. And then underlying -- and none of that stuff actually matters except the core performance of our business. And we believe that we will continue to show the kind of resilience that we have with good advertising programs, good new product introductions and execution on our -- in our core business.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from Akshay Jagdale with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: So I wanted to -- I'm a little still confused on how this quarter turned out relative to expectations? Obviously, lower guidance. The numbers came in on the sales and gross profit, and gross margins are much below what we had, but we could have been way off. So how did the quarterly sales numbers come in relative to your expectation? And then I have a few follow-ups on that.
Gordon M. Stetz: Well, as we try to highlight in the call, Akshay, that from the U.S. consumer side, the underlying core was not as strong as what we would have liked based on the slow start to the third quarter. However, relative to our expectation on the holiday program, that came in a bit stronger. So net-net, 9% operating income growth on the consumer side is pretty strong and I'd say, primarily close to our expectation, although we would have liked to have seen stronger performance in areas that have been doing quite well year-to-date. Europe is -- was flattish in consumer. And although the team is doing a great job there, that had been up until that point, performing at a slightly better rate than that. And certainly on the industrial side, we would have -- we expected a weaker performance, but we would have liked to have seen even stronger performance out of the industrial side relative to our expectations. So basically, that weakness in those areas were offset by the tax rate.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: That's helpful. And then just focusing on the base consumer performance on sales, what was it that came -- I mean, is it the consumer switching to private label? Was that something that was unexpected? Or was there something else to it? I mean, I'm just trying to gauge what might happen in the fourth quarter? So I'm trying to understand whether it was the consumer behavior that was different than what you expected? Was it your execution in the stores? Just if you could give some color on that, that would be helpful.
Alan D. Wilson: No, it was weak consumption at the beginning of the quarter, as we talked about a fairly weak offtake for Memorial Day. And I think you've heard that, and consistent with a number of other companies. And we've seen some improvement as we have gone into the later part of the quarter.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: And so what -- what do you think is underlying, sort of, why is that happening? Why is the consumer...
Alan D. Wilson: Why is the consumer getting better?
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Well, no. First of all, what changed early on in the quarter in your opinion, from the consumer standpoint, that caused them to be more cautious? And then what's changed since then that it's getting better through the quarter?
Alan D. Wilson: I think, one, was a weak Memorial Day, a rainy Memorial Day up and down the East Coast impacted the sales of grilling products and related categories. I think if you look at some of the related categories around that, you'll see that. And what we've seen with improvement, I think, is that the consumers are starting to come back and we've seen that. And I don't want to put too much stock into to the 4-week IRI or Nielsen data, but we've seen continued improvement off the weakness from early in the quarter.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. Great. And just 1 last one on India. You mentioned next year you expect improvement there. Is that distribution-driven? Are you changing price points? Is it new products? Can you just help me understand that?
Alan D. Wilson: Well, we expect to see some impact from the new product introductions that we introduced this year. We think that will be a positive, but we also expect that we should see -- and we know the rice harvest is right now, we expect to be in a better position in terms of our rice productions for next year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Lazar with Barclays.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Can you talk a little bit more about the piece of the industrial business with sales to other food manufacturers? It doesn't seem like that was so much the issue in the quarter as you discussed. It was more of the QSR side. But what we've heard obviously from, at least, more recently a lot of the food manufacturers out there, trends in their businesses haven't been particularly robust on the volume side So I'm just trying to get a sense of if you expect obviously industrial to get better as we go into '14, is there a risk that the piece that goes towards other food manufacturers maybe is at risk a little bit just given what we've heard from so many of the other food manufacturers? First question.
Alan D. Wilson: Yes, we think that is at some level of risk. Our focus in the industrial sales to other food manufacturers tends to be heavily in the snack area. And that has seemed to continue to be fairly robust, whether it's crackers or chips or those sorts of things, that part of the business has been fairly robust and we still see a lot of new product activity. So we're feeling a little more encouraged with that. I think as we saw at your conference, Andrew, there are certain customers that are pretty focused on productivity and cost. And if they aren't introducing new products, that would -- that could impact our business.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I think the last price increase that you mentioned was in 2011. And I think that was the first time you had taken pricing, maybe ever, heading into your key fourth quarter or the seasonal fourth quarter. And I remember at that time, that was -- you had to make sure that went smoothly and was a little bit of a risk. From my recollection, it went very smoothly. I don't think there were any issues around pricing into the big holiday quarter. So if you can just remind me if that was the case and what were some of the learnings there and did that help you obviously with the confidence going into this fourth quarter with the pricing?
Alan D. Wilson: Yes, it had been a long time since we had taken an increase heading into the fourth quarter. And that one was pretty much commodity-driven. And it did give us the confidence that we can execute it and that we can maintain our promotional plans as we do that. So -- and our view was that this was a better time to do this given where our markets are and where our customers are, to be able to get it executed. And we're finding -- certainly, it's not easy, but we're finding that we're executing it.
Operator: That concludes our Q&A session. I will now turn the call back to Alan Wilson.
Alan D. Wilson: I want to thank you for your questions and for participating in the call. Our passion for flavor, our broad portfolio and our expanding global presence have led to a decade of strong performance at McCormick, and we believe we are well-positioned for the future. Through our growth initiatives, CCI program and the efforts of our employees around the world, we expect to deliver solid sales and profit growth in 2013 and are committed to delivering on our long-term financial objectives.
Joyce L. Brooks: Thanks, Alan. I'd like to add my thanks to those who participated in today's call. We ran a bit long, so thanks for your interest and sticking with us. Through October 3, a replay of the call can be accessed by dialing (855) 859-2056 and the conference ID number is 34927804. You can also listen to the replay on our website later today. If anyone has questions regarding today's information, we can be reached at (410) 771-7244. This concludes this morning's conference.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for joining today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-06-27 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Joyce L. Brooks - Vice President of Investor Relations and Member of Investment Committee Alan D. Wilson - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Gordon M. Stetz - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President, Director and Chairman of Investment Committee
Analysts: Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Thomas Graves - S&P Equity Research Leigh Ferst - Wellington Shields & Co., LLC, Research Division Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division
Joyce L. Brooks: Good morning. This is Joyce Brooks, McCormick's Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you for joining today's call to review the company's second quarter financial results and 2013 outlook. We've posted a set of slides to accompany today's call at our website, ir.mccormick.com. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, the conference is being recorded. With me on today's call are Alan Wilson, Chairman, President and CEO; and Gordon Stetz, Executive Vice President and CFO. Alan is going to begin with comments on second quarter results and a business update, followed by Gordon with a more detailed review of our second quarter financial performance and McCormick's latest financial outlook for 2013. After that, we look forward to discussing your questions and some closing remarks from Alan. As a reminder, today's presentation contains projections and other forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from those projected. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or other factors. As seen on Slide 2, our forward-looking statement also provides information on risk factors that could affect our financial results. It is now my pleasure to turn the discussion over to Alan.
Alan D. Wilson: Thanks, Joyce. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. During the second quarter of 2013, McCormick made great progress with initiatives to drive growth through product innovation, brand marketing support and acquisitions. Our investments are paying off, and we look forward to sharing with you this morning some areas of success, along with our plans for the second half. Let's start with a review of the latest financial performance. Our second quarter financial results were in line with the outlook for the quarter that we shared with you back in early April. For our Consumer business, we achieved strong sales growth, with a 5% increase in local currency. This increase was based largely on higher volume and product mix in both developed and emerging markets. Sales performance in the U.S., U.K., France, China and Russia were particularly strong, driven by innovation, marketing support for our leading brands and distribution gains. Industrial business sales were about even with the year-ago period. As anticipated, we had lower demand from quick service restaurant customers in several geographic areas. The most notable was China, where certain quick service restaurants have reported high-double digit declines in same-store sales. These declines are a result of consumers in China who are avoiding poultry in their diet due to bird flu concerns. We remain cautious and expect this pressure to extend into the third quarter but improve in the fourth quarter. For the total company, operating income declined $5 million to $116 million. This included $4 million of transaction costs to complete the acquisition of WAPC and approximately $5 million of increased retirement benefit cost, which is a headwind for us throughout fiscal year 2013. Consistent with our past practice, we are including the WAPC transaction cost in our reported results rather than treat them as a non-GAAP item. Our rationale for this approach is that acquisitions are an integral part of our growth strategy. At the earnings per share line, when the factor was discussed, we had expected earnings per share in the second quarter to be comparable to the year-ago result of $0.60. This outlook did not include any impact for WAPC. Our actual result was $0.59 per share, which included $0.02 of cost for the completion of WAPC. So excluding this $0.02 impact for the WAPC transaction, EPS came in just above the outlook that we provided in early April. Looking back on our second quarter financial results, we were pleased with the sales growth of our Consumer business and are working to manage through a period of lower demand for certain Industrial business products. As Gordon will describe in more detail, we're raising our fiscal year 2013 sales projection to reflect the addition of WAPC and adjusting our profit outlook for the impact of the WAPC transaction cost and our expectation that pressure on our Industrial business will extend through the third quarter. Next I want to discuss our progress with several key growth initiatives. Let's begin with our acquisition of WAPC, completed just a few weeks ago. As first announced last August, this business has a leading position in bouillon in central China, a modern production facility and sales of approximately 102 -- $122 million, which we expect to grow at a double-digit rate. On a full year basis, we expect sales of WAPC to bring our total business in China to approximately 7% of total company sales. Our team was extremely well prepared for the integration of this business and in the first week, had added the McCormick brand to the product package, provided new uniforms with the McCormick logo, changed the signage on the building and staged a welcome ceremony for WAPC employees, as seen on Slide 5. We're off to a great start, and we're confident that WAPC will be an excellent addition to our portfolio of leading brands. In 2013, we expect this acquisition to increase our sales growth by 1 percentage point and for profit on these sales to be neutral after finance and integration costs. However, we incurred $4 million of transaction costs to complete this acquisition, most of which were recorded in the second quarter, and as a result, this acquisition will lower 2013 EPS by $0.02. In 2014, we expect a further sales benefit from the incremental impact of WAPC in the first half and expect this business to be accretive in our operating income. While acquisitions are important growth initiatives, we're growing sales of our core products in both developed and emerging markets through product innovation and brand marketing support. In local currency, we achieved a 6% increase in Consumer business sales in the Americas this quarter. Our execution at retail for the Easter holiday was strong and supported by a significant baking and brunch campaign that included print, coupons and digital media. Easter was followed by the expansion of our Grillerhood platform. Compared to the first half 2012, we increased the number of units shipped on grilling displays by 21%, and this year, our displays featured not only Grill Mates products, including our new steak sauce and burger seasonings, but Lawry's leading marinades, McCormick brand pepper, garlic and onion and in the Southeast, Zatarains seafood items. We expect similar strong execution for the July 4th and Labor Day holidays. And in 2013, our grilling program includes dedicated Hispanic support. In Canada, consumers reach for our La Grille brand products during grilling season. And for those cooking indoors, we've introduced a line of Club House brand Bag 'n Season items, as seen on Slide 6. Across the broad line of spices and seasonings, we're working with U.S. retail customers to optimize sales and profit with category management tools. We've had success with 2 major retailers eliminating opening-price-point products in order to bring increased focus to higher-profit McCormick brands and their private label items. We're connecting directly with consumers through digital marketing and social media. In the U.S., we increased site recipe searches for our Gourmet dinner party program 32%, increased Facebook fans by 25% and achieved a 47% increase in unique visitors to our mccormick.com website. As you can see from the graph on Slide 7, digital marketing achieves one of our highest return on investments, and across all types of spending shown here, McCormick in the U.S. exceed those of the food industry. Our team in the Europe, Middle East and Africa region, EMEA, has a great lineup of new products in 2013. I've shared with you earlier this year some of the new Vahin dessert items in France that we launched. We're also entering the French and Polish markets with a range of recipe mixes. In France, we've already gained 6% share of the category with these items. In this country, we've introduced our first premium gourmet line. Additional innovation across Europe includes our 2-for-1 recipe mix that offers complementary items in the same pouch, such as Mediterranean chicken pasta, plus cheesy crumb topping. In the next few months, consumers in the U.K. will see new Flavour shots at retail, a combination of seasonings and oil that add a new measure of convenience. We're already gaining customer acceptance and plan to launch an advertising campaign in early 2014. In France, we've developed and already installed in 500 stores a new merchandising system that increases our shelf space by 11% and provides improved product visibility. Largely through new distribution, we've increased sales of Kamis brands in Russia by 25% year-to-date in 2013. As indicated in our January call, we're doubling our plant size in Poland in part to accommodate this rapid growth in Russia, as well as anticipated growth in Poland and other eastern European markets. Moving to the Asia/Pacific region, one of our strongest category shares is that of the Aeroplane gelatin brand in Australia. Due in part to new products, including a non-refrigerated ready-to-eat gelatin, our share has reached a record 85%, and new sweet treats leverages the Aeroplane brand beyond gelatin. In China, we launched Family Classics and World Flavor recipe mixes in the past year and have already gained a 4-percentage-point category share with these items. In July, we'll introduce a 12-spice seasoning blend, a staple of Chinese cooking. We currently have the #1 brand of ketchup in China and are growing share with the introduction of the squeezable package. Our 2013 plant expansion in Guangzhou included the installation of this new production line. And in India, our initial test market for Kohinoor brand 2-minute meals and Rice n Spice have gone well, and we're beginning to expand to additional cities beginning in August. Across all of our markets, we have an impressive level of new product activity and are achieving good returns on our brand marketing support. We've had great success this year with our CCI program and now expect to achieve at least $50 million of cost savings in 2013, up from our initial goal of at least $45 million. CCI is our fuel for growth, providing the funds for investments in areas like product development and brand marketing. To maintain our momentum for Consumer business sales, we've increased our plans for incremental marketing for our brands in the second half of 2013. This will take our projected increase in brand marketing support to approximately $15 million for this fiscal year. We're investing more in our brands to build awareness and trial of our new products, continue the momentum in digital marketing and strengthen our in-store presence across channels. This is a good investment for McCormick at a time when consumers in many markets are preparing meals at home. As consumers explore new flavors but also seek convenience and affordability, we want our brands top of mind and prominently displayed at retail. Let's turn next to our Industrial business. Those of you who followed us for the past few quarters know that we are experiencing lower demand from quick service restaurants. Although we've maintained growth with quick service restaurants in our EMEA region, customer demand has been challenging in the Americas and Asia/Pacific regions. In the Americas, certain quick service restaurants emphasized menu items in the first half that don't use McCormick flavors, such as coffee or other breakfast items. We are encouraged with some recent new product wins, convenience menu items that are being heavily promoted by our large customers. In the fourth quarter, we anticipate a return to growth for this part of our Industrial business. In the Asia/Pacific region, we reported a slight increase in volume and product mix this quarter. This was the net impact of higher sales to quick service restaurants in Australia, offset in part by reduced demand from these customers in China, where consumer concerns regarding bird flu has lowered restaurant traffic. Based on our customers' outlook, we expect the situation in China to improve in the fourth quarter of 2013. We're also encouraged by progress in India with a significant new product win with a large restaurant chain. Across all regions, customer intimacy remains a priority with quick service restaurant customers, and we're encouraged by recent awards in locations around the world that recognize McCormick's innovation, quality and service. Beyond quick service restaurants in the Industrial business, demand from food manufacturers has been particularly strong for our snack seasonings. Food manufacturers continue to have an interest in products that deliver great flavor, as well as health and wellness, whether it's reduced sodium, lower fat, simple ingredients or other attributes. Our foundation in natural herbs and spices has us well positioned to meet this demand. While sales of branded food service products had a slow start to the year, we saw improvement in the second quarter. In the Americas, we've expanded our product offerings, which now include new Zatarain's brown rice with reduced sodium. This product line meets nutritional standards in schools and other institutions. Our digital market is expanding as well, allowing us to communicate directly with our end users, the chefs. For the total Industrial business, we continue to focus on strategic customers and through innovation, are working to shift our product portfolio toward more value-added, higher-margin products. We have a solid pipeline of new products and believe that we will have stronger growth for this business in the fourth quarter of 2013 and into 2014. I want to comment next on the appointment of Lawrence Kurzius to President, Global Consumer and Chief Administrative Officer. Lawrence's previous role was President of McCormick International. In April, I discussed the retirement of Mark Timbie, President of Consumer Foods America and Chief Administrative Officer later this month. We'll miss Mark and thank him for his 17 years of leadership and contributions to McCormick's success. At that time, we announced that Chuck Langmead had been promoted to President, Global Industrial. This latest announcement that Lawrence will lead our global Consumer business and Chuck our global Industrial business aligns us with our increasingly global customers. We will more effectively plan and execute behind our growth initiative and optimize the deployment of our capital and human resources. Each of these executives will be supported by their global councils and their regionally-based operating units. This organizational structure is another step in our global expansion as a leader in flavor, and I have great confidence in the leadership that Lawrence and Chuck bring to these new roles. Before turning it over to Gordon, I want to thank McCormick employees around the world for all of their dedicated effort to drive success with our growth initiatives and staying agile in a still challenging environment. Flavor remains a great business. McCormick brings passion to flavor, and consumer demand for flavor is growing. On Slide 13, you can see the latest 52-week increase in consumption data for spices, herbs and seasonings in our top markets. This is our largest Consumer business growth platform, and it remains a very attractive category. While our focus is on flavor, we have an expansive portfolio of products, geographies and customers that affords us the opportunity to flavor your meal no matter where or what you are enjoying. This has us well positioned for long-term profitable growth. Gordon?
Gordon M. Stetz: Thanks, Alan, and good morning, everyone. As Alan has described, our second quarter financial performance was in line with our expectations, with strong Consumer sales offset by a slight decrease in Industrial sales results. Let's take a closer look at sales and operating income for each segment and start with Slide 15 for the Consumer business. We grew Consumer business sales 5% in local currency, a result driven by volume and product mix and to a lesser extent, by pricing actions. In the Americas region, we had a particularly strong sales growth of 6% in local currency, with volume and product mix driving most of the increase. Sequentially, this followed a similar result in the first quarter of 2013. Unit growth was strong for both of our core growth platforms in branded spices, herbs and seasonings and in recipe mixes. We also had good results with Simply Asia this quarter, which is one of our regional leaders. We expect this strong rate of growth for our Americas Consumer business to continue through the second half, with the support of incremental brand marketing and our new product activity. In addition, we expect a favorable comparison to the fourth quarter of 2012, when sales for this part of our business were unfavorably impacted by the timing of retailer purchases, as well as Hurricane Sandy. In Europe, the Middle East and Africa, EMEA, we grew Consumer sales 3% in local currency, with similar contributions from pricing actions and from volume and product mix. Innovation and incremental brand marketing drove sales in both France and the U.K. While still a small percentage of total sales, in Russia, we achieved a 35% sales increase this quarter, largely through distribution gains. These increases were partially offset by a modest sales decline in several smaller markets. Consumer business sales in the Asia/Pacific region rose 4% in local currency. In the second quarter, pricing actions added 10% while volume and product mix lowered sales 6%. China was the largest contributor to higher sales this quarter, with 11% growth in local currency, driven in part by revitalized packaging and expanded advertising. Australia also grew sales largely through new product innovation. Sales in India declined 2%, which was the net effect of significant pricing actions and lower volume and product mix. As discussed in our last earnings call, we are passing through a steep increase in the cost of basmati rice in 2013, which had an adverse impact on consumer demand this quarter. Operating income for the Consumer business was $88 million compared to $89 million in the second quarter of 2012. During this period, the favorable impact of higher sales and CCI cost savings was more than offset by $4 million of transaction costs to complete the acquisition of WAPC, as well as higher retirement benefit costs, a $3 million increase in brand marketing support and material cost inflation. While year-to-date our marketing spending is about even with the first half of 2012, keep in mind that this spending was up $9 million in the first half of 2012 from the first half of 2011. Turning to our Industrial business. Let's start with a review of sales. As seen on Slide 20, second quarter sales rose slightly in local currency, with the benefit of pricing actions offset in part by a slight reduction in volume and product mix. In the Americas, on Slide 21, Industrial sales declined 1% as a result of lower volume and product mix. In this region, sales of our branded products to food service distributors improved slightly this quarter, and we had solid sales growth with food manufacturers, particularly with snack seasonings in both the U.S. and Mexico. However, as described by Alan, we experienced lower demand for our customized products for quick service restaurant customers. In EMEA, our Industrial business grew sales 4% in local currency, with similar contributions from [Audio Gap] pricing actions and volume and product mix. Higher sales of branded food service items in the U.K. led the increase in volume and product mix this quarter. In the second quarter of 2013, sales in the Asia/Pacific region grew 2%. In Australia, we achieved a double-digit increase in sales, with strong demand from quick service restaurants and the supply of new limited-time-offer menu items. This growth was offset in part by lower sales in China, where consumer traffic in quick service restaurants declined as a result of consumer concerns about bird flu. Operating income for the Industrial business was $28 million in the second quarter of 2013 compared to $33 million in the year-ago period. Lower sales and unfavorable mix of business, higher retirement benefit costs and material cost inflation were offset in part by our pricing actions and CCI cost savings. We expect operating income for this business to remain under pressure in the third quarter, with a recovery expected in the fourth quarter. For the total company, second quarter operating income was $116 million compared to $121 million in the year-ago period. The favorable impact of higher sales and cost savings from our CCI program were more than offset by an increase of approximately $5 million in retirement benefit expense, $4 million of WAPC transaction costs, $3 million of incremental brand marketing support and higher material costs. In addition to an impact on operating income, higher material costs and an unfavorable industrial business mix affected gross profit margin. Gross profit margin of 39.3% was down 20 basis points from the second quarter of 2012. Although this was an improvement from a 50-basis-point decrease in the first quarter, and we expect further improvement in the fourth quarter of 2013. Moving below operating income. Our tax rate for the second quarter was 29.6%, close to our guidance for 2013 and about 1 percentage point above a 28.7% rate in the year-ago period. Looking ahead to the third and fourth quarters, we are expecting a large impact from the year-to-year variance in tax rate. As a reminder, we had a favorable tax impact from cash repatriation in 2012 that led to a 25% tax rate in both the third and fourth quarters of 2012. Income from unconsolidated operations continued at a strong pace in the second quarter of 2013, rising 51% to $5.9 million. Our joint venture in Mexico contributed to this profit result, with a 16% sales increase, and we also had improved performance with our Eastern joint venture in India. At the earnings per share line, we had expected second quarter EPS to be comparable to $0.60 that we reported in the second quarter of 2012. This outlook was based on the pacing of material cost inflation, expected weakness in Industrial results, incremental brand marketing and higher retirement benefit expenses. Our actual result of $0.59 per share came in close to this projection. This EPS of $0.59 included a $0.02 impact from the WAPC transaction cost, which was not considered in our outlook. As Alan remarked, we are not planning on reporting an adjusted EPS that excludes these costs since acquisitions are a key element of our growth strategy. Let's turn next to our balance sheet and cash flow on Slide 29. As noted in our May 31 WAPC announcement, the purchase price for this acquisition was approximately $147 million. We paid $117 million in the second quarter, and the remainder will be paid based on contractual events. We are financing this transaction through a combination of cash and short-term debt. As a result of this acquisition, our debt-to-EBITDA ratio at quarter end was above our target level of 1.5 to 1.7, but we expect to return to this range by year-end in the absence of further acquisitions. In September 2013, we have $250 million of debt maturing, which we intend to refinance with fixed rate notes. Year-to-date cash flow from operations was $133 million compared to $144 million in the first half of 2012, with the decrease mainly due to the timing of tax payments. During the second quarter, we used $32 million of cash to repurchase 500,000 shares. At quarter end, we had $45 million still available on our $400 million repurchase authorization, and in April, our board approved a new $400 million repurchase authorization. Before turning to our outlook, I wanted to describe a lump sum payout program. Earlier this week, a lump sum payout was offered to approximately 3,300 former U.S. employees. This action follows the closure of our U.K. pension plan, our U.S. pension plan and most recently, our Canadian pension plan. It is another step we have taken to manage the size and potential volatility of our retirement benefit plans. While there is no immediate cost savings from this action, we believe it is an important action for the long-term management of our retirement plan programs. As described in our press release, should enough eligible participants accept this offer, we will recognize a onetime noncash charge in the fourth quarter. We estimate this amount to be in a range of $25 million to $45 million. As a final topic, I'll review our latest 2013 financial outlook, and then we'll take your questions. As indicated in this morning's press release, our outlook does not include any potential impact of a lump sum payout settlement charge. Should we record a charge associated with this program, we intend to provide you with adjusted financial results that exclude the charge. Our 2013 financial outlook has been revised to reflect the addition of WAPC and our expectation that the pressure on our Industrial business will extend through the third quarter. As shown on Slide 31, we have increased our projected sales growth rate by 1 percentage point to 4% to 6% for the addition of WAPC. Our outlook for operating income growth has been lowered to 5% to 7% to reflect the $4 million of WAPC transaction costs and our expectation of lower profit from the Industrial business in the third quarter. Other updates include an increase in expected CCI cost savings to at least $50 million and an increase in planned incremental brand marketing support to approximately $15 million. Keep in mind that retirement benefit expense remains a $22 million headwind to operating income in 2013. Based on the latest operating income outlook, we now expect EPS of $3.13 to $3.19. As you can see on Slide 32, excluding the impact of increases in retirement plan expense and the year-on-year tax rate, our EPS range continues to have an underlying EPS growth rate that is ahead of our long-term objective of 9% to 11%. In the third quarter, we are projecting 2013 EPS to be comparable to the $0.78 that we reported in the third quarter of 2012. Sales growth, driven in part by incremental brand marketing and CCI cost savings, are expected to be largely offset by an impact of about $0.03 from increased retirement benefit costs and a $0.04 impact from a higher tax rate. To wrap up our guidance, we expect our profit results and working capital management to deliver another year of strong cash flow. Now let's turn to your questions [ph].
Joyce L. Brooks: Operator, we're ready for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Alexia Howard with Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: I'm sure others will ask about the quick service situation, but I'd like to ask about India. You've built up your sales in China through acquisitions and organic growth pretty rapidly over the last few years, so I'd like to hear a little bit more about the strategy and the priority level for India. Could you give us a little bit of information about what percentage of sales are currently in India? How important this new restaurant chain customer might be and might there be other opportunities like that? Might we see further acquisitions in India? And just a little sense of the priority level of India versus China at this point.
Alan D. Wilson: Sure. India is much more of a developing market for us than China is, and we've been in China for more than 20 years. And we're in China with both our Consumer and our Industrial business, and so we've had time to build that out. India, right now, we have mainly a Consumer business, along with a couple of joint ventures that are more ingredient-based. Our strategy is really similar because the Industrial business helps provide the scale for us to continue to grow and expand our Consumer business. Although in this case, we have an established Consumer business that will allow us the scale to start to build out an Industrial business. India is still pretty small percentage of sales, less than 5%. And we are very bullish on the market, although we recognize that it's going to be a long run, long-term growth strategy for us. Remember, as we stated when we made the Kohinoor acquisition, our strategy there is to evolve to a much more value-added portfolio, and we've started to do that by introducing the Rice n Spice mixes and some of the 2-minute meals. So what we want to do is put our value-added products through the distribution channel that we acquired when we bought Kohinoor.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Thilo Wrede of Jefferies & Company.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: I would've thought that the organic growth rate in the Consumer business in EMEA might accelerate with the -- now that you have integrated Kamis and you can roll out the products into new regions. And I think you alluded it to in the slides that Russia is actually a great growth driver for you right now, yet the organic growth rate doesn't seem to budge too much. Was I too optimistic? Or are there really too many offsetting factors? What's the outlook there that this can get better?
Alan D. Wilson: No, we have a multitude of markets there, and our business has performed pretty well. It's off of a very strong growth in the quarter last year, and so we expect that we'll continue to grow. We're pretty bullish on our business in Poland. Our business in Russia is continuing to expand. Our business in the U.K. and France are a little more mature, but we're still seeing volume growth in both those markets.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: So the organic growth rate of around 3%, we should expect that for the rest of the year as well?
Gordon M. Stetz: Well, obviously, it's an environment that continues to feel economic pressure. So it's an area that we're actually very pleased with the performance in certain of those markets given the tough conditions that they're operating in where you see volume declines in other categories, and in fact, our growth is outpacing those other categories. So we're looking for positive volume growth because they continue to execute well. We're leaning into those businesses in the back half of the year with new products and part of our advertising increases targeting Europe. So we're looking for strong growth, but we haven't been so far as to give a specific number. But we're still expecting good growth out of that region.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just one housekeeping question. Does your -- does the new guidance include any kind of currency headwind assumptions?
Gordon M. Stetz: It reflects whatever currency rates are -- we are at right now.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Then let me ask differently. Does the -- is the guidance reduction driven at least partially by currency as well?
Gordon M. Stetz: No. It's primarily the 2 items we mentioned, which is the impact of the transaction cost from Wuhan and the delayed recovery in the Industrial side of our business.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ken Goldman of JPMorgan.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And forgive me if you mentioned this, but other than rice, could you update us on some of your more important inputs and maybe what you're seeing for the next couple of quarters in terms of total COGS inflation?
Gordon M. Stetz: Yes, Ken, this is a Gordon. We don't see any news to the update that we provided at the beginning in the year, and that included a 3% adverse impact or increase on material costs during this year, with a lot of that occurring in the front part of the year and then moderating as we progress through the year. That continues to be the same outlook that's baked into the guidance we've just provided you, and that's also one of the factors we are including as we think about our gross profit margins and how they are improving quarter-to-quarter and stabilizing and recovering as we progress through the year.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And then second question, we are seeing -- we've heard companies like Kroger and Safeway, over the years, talk about growing more in terms of natural and organic products. But really, they seem to be kind of putting their money where their mouth is for the first time and accelerating the growth of shelf space for those items right around now, at least especially Kroger. So first, I'm curious if you're seeing that as well. And second, is there an opportunity for McCormick to benefit from that? Not that people necessarily in spices are looking for more natural and organic than they are in other shelf-stable categories. But I'm just curious how you're thinking about kind of growing where the growth is, so to speak, in packaged food.
Alan D. Wilson: Sure. And we have had organic spice items for more than 12 years and have continued to update that. In spices, it hasn't been as big a factor. Consumers already assume, and rightly so, that spices are naturally grown, that they're relatively safe and have some positive properties. So there is certainly a segment of the market that likes it, but it hasn't taken the kind of rapid growth that other packaged foods categories have had. But certainly, we respond pretty quickly to trends, and as we see those develop, our teams are pretty agile to make sure that we're hitting whatever the consumer is looking for.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of David Driscoll of Citigroup.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: We get the Knapp Track data, and it seems to reflect pretty significant improvements in same-store trends -- same-store sales trends for the restaurant U.S. sector -- the U.S. restaurant sector. So kind of the question is kind of why doesn't this translate into a better expectation for industrial volume trends for your U.S. quick serve business? Kind of why not a better outlook starting in the third quarter?
Alan D. Wilson: It depends on what they're selling and what they're driving growth in. And if there is a large amount of new product innovation, typically that serves our business pretty well. If they're focusing on things like value menus, it -- we'll have some sales, but it's not the high-velocity, higher-margin products that really drive our business. And if they're focused on "out of main time" type products like breakfast, we have less participation. So there's certainly trends there that we see as positive. We just don't see it recovering as much in our third quarter.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: So if I maybe restate, what you're saying is, is that while maybe the macro for QSR is good, it just didn't turn out to be good in the places that you needed to be good in?
Alan D. Wilson: That's correct. That's a pretty good way to state it.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And then maybe just one follow-on on this whole point. So because the idea was that maybe if you see a slowdown in your QSR, maybe there would be a commensurate pickup in your much higher-profit margin business in Consumer such that you would see kind of neutral changes to your guidance. Obviously, that's not what happened. Maybe can you explain that a little bit? When you gave this new guidance, is there any pickup within the Consumer business? Because you guys just give the net numbers, you give the amalgamated numbers. When you look at the mix between Consumer and Industrial, do you have a better profit outlook within Consumer itself?
Gordon M. Stetz: David, this is Gordon. I would say it's in line with our original expectations. I'd say that given the opportunities that we see behind the growth in those businesses, you've seen us increase some of our outlook as it relates to our A&P spend, and that's given the opportunities we see on a global scale behind innovation and brand marketing support. So whatever improvement that we're seeing through CCI or the incremental volume like we're seeing in Consumer, we're -- I'd say we're leaning into with some of the increase in the marketing spend. So net-net, we're about where we thought we would be on the Consumer side of things. So hence, we are adjusting down to reflect, as I said earlier, primarily the Wuhan and that delayed recovery in Industrial.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Akshay Jagdale of KeyBanc.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: First is just overall sort of long-term question. You have a lot of puts and takes, which is also unusual for McCormick. I mean, do you really think judging your company's performance on underlying operating income growth is the right way to look at it? I mean a lot of good companies, and I consider your company to be a very good company, tend to offset headwinds, whether they are pension related or QSR or things like that. So I mean, can you just help me understand, from your perspective, if you're really happy with sort of double-digit underlying earning -- operating income growth, excluding all these puts and takes or whether you are somewhat disappointed that there are all these headwinds in your business that you weren't able to manage, I guess, over the last few months or year?
Alan D. Wilson: We've got pieces of our business that we're pretty happy with the underlying performance, and as we stated, our Consumer business has pretty good momentum. Our Industrial business is a little more challenged, and we'd certainly like to be a little better there, but the underlying profit growth is pretty good. Obviously, we'd like to be offsetting these things, but we think about our business for the long term. We're not necessarily managing year-to-year or quarter-to-quarter, and so part of the reason that we're continuing to make investments in our marketing spending is to make sure we maintain that healthy business. We view the challenges in Industrial to be temporary. And so what we don't want to do is overreact to something that we think is going to turn around, so that's philosophically how we think about it. And what we're trying to do with the updated guidance is just be transparent with the best look that we have at this point.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And just on the India business, we do cover a company that competes directly with you there. And I was -- it was interesting that your view of the market is that, I guess, supply or the crop is short, which is why prices are up. And interestingly, your demand seems to be affected negatively by higher prices, which is not what we're hearing from the other company that we cover. They're saying the crop is flat, prices are up slightly, but because they play across the value and the premium segment in basmati rice, their demand continues to be up despite higher prices to the consumer. So I'm just trying to bridge the gap there. If you could provide any perspective on that, that would be helpful.
Alan D. Wilson: I can't help you much with that particular competitor. I think they're in the mode of building their distribution inside the country and are more focused as an export company. But we've shared the dynamics that are impacting our business. And again, just to reiterate, our objective in that business is to drive value-added products through that supply chain. Certainly, basmati rice is a big part of the scale there and important to us, but our objective, long term, is to really move up the value chain.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Ann Gurkin of Davenport & Company.
Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: I first wanted to start with your comment in your release about distribution gains in the Consumer business. Can you give me some examples?
Alan D. Wilson: Predominantly, Russia is what we were talking about with that.
Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then are we still expected to hear news about a new flavor platform launch at the end of this year, calendar '13?
Alan D. Wilson: We certainly expect so.
Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay, great. And then finally, I was just curious about competitive landscape for snack flavoring, offerings in the Industrial business. Are you seeing the competition increase, more people trying to get into that space? Can you just comment on that?
Alan D. Wilson: Well, certainly, a lot of consumer companies are focused pretty heavily on driving snacks. And as you probably know, we focus on a couple of strategic customers. We're continuing to grow and win business with our strategic customers, and we don't necessarily participate heavily outside those strategic customers. So certainly, I don't know that the competitive landscape has changed. There is certainly more focus by a lot of companies on driving their snack business.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Eric Katzman of Deutsche Bank.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: A couple of questions. I got on a little late, so I apologize. But Gordon, was the $0.02 hit from Wuhan, is that all you expect from that transaction this year?
Gordon M. Stetz: From a transaction cost standpoint, that's correct. There'll be integration costs in the remainder of the year that offset the incremental profitability, but from a transaction cost, that would be it.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And are those integration costs like inventory hits or...
Gordon M. Stetz: It's really a number of things as we incorporate them into all of our McCormick system, so it's everything from incorporating them into our IT systems to QA systems to financial systems. It's broad-based as we go in and start to integrate them more closely to our operations.
Alan D. Wilson: U.S. resources on the ground to help with the integration, those kinds of things.
Gordon M. Stetz: Right. Right.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. Then, switching over to Industrial. I guess there have been 2 problems with McCormick from the -- I guess, from Wall Street's perspective. One is we have no visibility on your raw material basket, which, I think, Ken asked about. And then Industrial, you don't really have, at the end of the day, a lot of control over the business. And I recall there have been other times where you've said these new products are going to be introduced, these new products are coming from your Industrial customers and they've either been delayed or canceled or what have you. So why should we have confidence that the fiscal fourth quarter is going to rebound in Industrial where, again, there have been times where that just hasn't been the case?
Alan D. Wilson: You're right. We don't necessarily control the timing of new product introductions, but we can see, through planning, what our customers are planning or expecting to do. So -- and based on the visibility that we have right now, we would expect a recovery. Remember, we had a fairly weak fourth quarter in 2012, so we do expect some recovery there.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then last question, I guess, Alan, just more broadly on the Consumer side. Again, maybe I missed it with your intro comments, but are you seeing the middle-income consumer get a bit stronger? It seems as if private label has been a bit weaker of late, and so you have a pretty decent view into that given your private label operations. Maybe you could just kind of touch on that.
Alan D. Wilson: What we're actually seeing, which is an interesting dynamic in the data, is some customers moving away from opening price point, really deep discount products, at least in our category, and there's a bit of a trade-up happening from that opening price point to private label and then up to brand. So we're seeing a little bit of an interesting dynamic. It's been led by a couple of more value retailers that are -- have been able to trade up the consumer. I can't speak as to how that's happening across other categories, but we're certainly seeing the dynamic in our category, which, by the way, we see as positive.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow of Crdit Suisse Group.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I guess I continue to be impressed by the performance of the Consumer division. You have sales growing at a mid-single digit rate in Consumer, and a lot of other packaged food companies are struggling to do 1% to 2%. Obviously, Industrial is going the other way. But when you look at how the business is performing, Alan, is -- this kind of pace of growth, do you think it's sustainable? And you have, like, a good pipeline all the way into 2014 so that when we get past the headwinds this year from pension expense and maybe Industrial kind of normalizes again, I know it's a long way to look out, but do you look at '14 as being another year where you can deliver that 9% to 11% EPS kind of algorithm?
Alan D. Wilson: We certainly expect -- we expect that we're going to do that long term. It's early to be giving guidance for '14, but we've got good momentum in our Consumer businesses around the world, we're executing pretty well with really focused and targeted programs around big events and pulling in all parts of our portfolio from Zatarains to Lawry's to Simply Asia to our core stuff, so we do feel pretty good about the momentum there. And certainly, we would expect that '14 should see some relief from the pension expense.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Alan, a follow-up. Like the back half for Consumer, obviously, things have to get even better, I guess, in order for the guidance to be deliverable because it's a double-digit operating income growth. And I know that there's some very easy comparisons in the back half coming, but do you feel like that's true, that consumer has to get even better in order to deliver the back half? Or do they just have to keep delivering the kind of results that they're delivering right now?
Alan D. Wilson: They have to keep on pace with where they're delivering now. And remember, we did have a few onetime issues in the fourth quarter last year. We don't expect those to repeat. We're pretty focused on execution in the fourth quarter.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. So they just have to stay on plan?
Alan D. Wilson: They have to stay on plan.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Tom Graves of S&P Capital.
Thomas Graves - S&P Equity Research: A couple of questions on China. With the recent acquisition, it sounds to me like there are a couple of benefits you're looking for, not only the acquired business there, but the opportunity to increasingly leverage the distribution system with traditional McCormick products through the acquired distribution system. Is that a fair assumption?
Alan D. Wilson: Absolutely. The Wuhan business is stronger in the central parts of China. Our core business has been stronger in the coastal region. So what we plan to do is introduce more McCormick products through the central region, but also take some of the Wuhan products into the coast.
Thomas Graves - S&P Equity Research: Okay. And also, is it fair to assume that you're looking for this acquisition to be at least modestly accretive to fiscal '14 earnings per share?
Alan D. Wilson: Yes.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Leigh Ferst of Wellington Shields.
Leigh Ferst - Wellington Shields & Co., LLC, Research Division: I also had a question about Wuhan. It has really high market share in the regions where it operates already. Can you comment on what the potential is long term for their market share?
Alan D. Wilson: Well, we expect that it'll grow for a couple of reasons. One is as we expand it into other regions, there is certainly an attractive market opportunity. The products are core to how Chinese cook. The second piece of it is we do expect -- even though there's a lot of discussion around a little bit of a slowdown in the growth rates in China, there's still pretty robust growth. So as the market grows, we'll be able to take advantage of that, but we do see expanding the distribution and taking advantage of that.
Leigh Ferst - Wellington Shields & Co., LLC, Research Division: I guess the question would be, how much competition do they have in other regions in which they don't operate already? I mean...
Alan D. Wilson: Oh, there's lots of competition in these products, and there are the usual suspects that we compete with around the world. So we feel pretty good about our prospects and being able to hold our own.
Leigh Ferst - Wellington Shields & Co., LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then moving to India, you had the steep price increase for the rice. Is there -- how much time will you give it to make sure that, that was the right decision versus -- how do you weigh that versus the risk of losing market share?
Alan D. Wilson: Well, we're balancing market share and volume with cost. And so we want to make sure that we maintain a -- we're not willing to necessarily lose a lot of market share, so we'll be pretty focused. The price gets reset every year based on what happens in the markets and how we acquire positions. And so I would expect it to get reset as we go into next year. I don't have any outlook on what the crop looks like, but as we -- but the timing of that is towards the end of the year, when we'll be starting to make procurement decisions.
Leigh Ferst - Wellington Shields & Co., LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then closer to home, you sound pretty positive on grilling, but some other companies have been concerned about the weather affecting the various businesses on the grilling. Have you -- what's -- can you comment on the weather? Do you -- how much -- how can you factor that into your outlook?
Alan D. Wilson: We do, and certainly, we would have hoped to have seen a better Memorial Day weekend, from a weather standpoint. It was raining in the Northeast. And I think what you're seeing is the impact of some of that. But we have pretty good momentum already built off cycle, so we're -- we believe, based on growing household penetration and continuing to introduce new products in grilling, we see it as pretty robust.
Operator: Our final question this morning is from the line of Chris Growe of Stifel Financial.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I just had 2 quick questions. First was you had indicated that you would see a little pickup in QSR sales in Q3. So my question just is, are you seeing just a pushout of those product introductions or promotions you were expecting? Is that what's negatively affecting the third quarter?
Alan D. Wilson: It's a little bit of that, and it's just a little bit of the products that we're supplying not moving as quickly and recovering as fast as we would've expected. So it's a little bit of product innovation and a little bit of where the customers are focused on driving growth.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And the other question I have was just in relation to, I think it's asked before by Rob, on the fourth quarter. Is there any -- I know you've got an easy comp in the Industrial division, is there anything unique to the Consumer business in the fourth quarter that should make its profits be that much stronger?
Alan D. Wilson: Well, last year, we had some supply chain issues largely related to Hurricane Sandy. So we feel like our business was somewhat suppressed in -- our sales were suppressed. Our consumption actually was pretty good through the fourth quarter. That's why we feel more confident that we should deliver.
Operator: I will turn the floor back over for closing comments.
Alan D. Wilson: Thanks for your questions and for participating on today's call. Through our growth initiatives, CCI programs and the efforts of McCormick employees around the world, we're overcoming a number of headwinds in 2013 and delivering solid sales and profit growth. Our passion for flavor, broad portfolio and expanding global presence have us well positioned to meet consumer demand for flavor in both developed and emerging markets.
Joyce L. Brooks: Thanks, Alan. I'd like to add my thanks to those who participated on the call. Through July 11, you can access a replay of the call by dialing (877) 660-6853, and the conference ID number for that is 414507. You can also listen to a replay on our website later today. If anyone has additional questions regarding the information, I can be reached at (410) 771-7244. This concludes this morning's call.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-02 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Joyce L. Brooks - Vice President of Investor Relations and Member of Investment Committee Alan D. Wilson - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Gordon M. Stetz - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President, Director and Chairman of Investment Committee
Analysts: Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Erin Swanson Lash - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division Charles Edward Cerankosky - Northcoast Research
Joyce L. Brooks: Good morning. This is Joyce Brooks, McCormick's Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you for joining today's call to review the company's first quarter financial results and 2013 outlook. We have posted a set of slides to accompany today's call at our website, ir.mccormick.com. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, the conference is being recorded. With me on today's call are Alan Wilson, Chairman, President and CEO; and Gordon Stetz, Executive Vice President and CFO. Alan is going to begin with comments on first quarter results and a business update, followed by Gordon with a more detailed review of our first quarter financial performance and financial guidance for 2013. After that, we look forward to discussing your questions and some closing remarks from Alan. As a reminder, today's presentation contains projections and other forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from those projected. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements whether as a result of a new information, future events or other factors. As seen on Slide 2, our forward-looking statement also provides information on risk factors that could affect our financial results. It is now my pleasure to turn the discussion over to Alan.
Alan D. Wilson: Thanks, Joyce. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. Our first quarter results included strong growth in our consumer business, earnings per share above our guidance and a great start to cash flow from operations in 2013. We grew sales in our consumer business 7%, driven by innovation and marketing support for our leading brands. While consumers in many of our markets remain under pressure, we believe that we have good momentum for this business segment and expect solid sales and profit performance in 2013. Tough economic conditions had a measurable impact on our industrial business in several markets. We had expected some weakness in the first quarter, particularly in comparison to the strong year-ago sales and profit growth, and we continue to have a conservative 2013 outlook for our industrial business. For the total business, first quarter operating income was comparable to the year-ago period. A $6 million increase in our consumer business operating income offset a similar decline in the industrial business, a net result that was generally in line with our expectations. During our January call, we had indicated that first quarter profit would be unfavorably impacted by higher material costs, increased retirement benefit expense and a difficult comparison for our Industrial business, which grew sales 13% in the first quarter of 2012. These factors played out as expected and led to the comparable operating income result that we reported. We increased earnings per share from $0.57 -- to $0.57 from $0.55 in the first quarter of 2012 and reported an increase in cash flow, generating $32 million this period, up from $23 million a year ago, mainly due to improvement in our cash conversion cycle. Gordon will go into these financial results in more detail. What I would like to discuss next is the excellent progress with our initiatives that are driving growth in our consumer business. I'll then comment on the leadership changes we announced 1 month ago. As a third topic, I want to comment on the current operating environment, how this is affecting our outlook and how we are adapting. I plan to specifically discuss industrial business conditions during my prepared remarks and would welcome any follow-up questions that you may have during our question-and-answer session. So let's start with our key growth initiatives for the consumer business. In the first quarter, these initiatives drove increased volume and product mix, with growth in each of our 3 regions. With this strong start to the year, we believe we have great momentum underway. The first initiative is product innovation on Slide 5. In our January call, we reviewed some of the new products poised for launch in the first half of this year. I'm pleased to report that we're meeting our targets for retailer acceptance for a number of these items. I want to share just a few of our new product success stories unfolding in 2013. In the U.S., we're extending varieties of our gourmet recipe mixes with flavors such as smoked paprika chicken tacos and Tuscan beef stew. This product line offers consumers a way to make premium, all-natural meals that are full of flavor. Recent retailer data showed that 35% of sales for these products are incremental to the category. While our first quarter is not the height of grilling season, initial acceptance of new Grill Mates items, including sauces, accounted for about half of the 23% increase in unit volume. Also in the U.S., we are more than halfway toward reaching our distribution goal on Big Easy Rice, a product that offers the authentic New Orleans flavor of Zatarain's in a convenient microwavable pouch. In Europe, the Middle East and Africa, EMEA, our Vahin brand of dessert items is the clear category leader, and our innovation has helped drive 2% unit growth for the category in the latest 52 weeks. In early 2013, we launched another 12 new items that included toppings and cake mixes. Also in EMEA, we are introducing our recipe mixes in 2 new markets, leveraging consumers' affinity for our Ducros brand in France and Kamis brand in Poland. We are achieving great retail acceptance and on-shelf presence for these products. Moving to the Asia Pacific region. In November, we secured placement of our marinades in a bag with one of the major retailers in Australia. Consumers love the flavors and convenience of these products, and we've already gained the #2 spot in the wet marinade category at this retailer. Moving to brand marketing support. We're staying agile on our spending. While the brand marketing support we recorded as selling, general and admin expense was $4 million lower in the first quarter, at the net sales line, we had a $3 million increase. This increase was used to fund additional price promotions, helping consumers adjust to past pricing actions, as well as allowances for shelf placement of new items. We continue to analyze and improve the effectiveness of our marketing dollars and are focused on execution. We have an increase of approximately $5 million in brand marketing support planned for the second quarter of 2013. One example of greater effectiveness was our fully integrated Super Bowl big game mega event. We combined consumer promotion and in-store activity for 3 of our brands: McCormick items, such as recipe mixes for chili and Buffalo wings; the Zatarain's brand to create flavorful dishes like jambalaya; and Grill Mates. The results were excellent. We achieved a 53% increase in feature ads and merchandising display, a record-high sales month for Zatarain's and increased the effectiveness of our digital advertising. Also in the U.S., to cover even more of our product portfolio and meet consumer interest in flavor and recipes, we relaunched our mccormick.com website. In addition, the new website offers more interactive features and better integration with social channels. In France, we measured a 10% sales gain in response to television advertising for our Ducros version of Perfect Pinch. And in China, we laid the groundwork for growth with revitalized packaging design and an expansion of our advertising to an additional province. This activity, along with great sales execution, is driving strong double-digit sales growth. Moving beyond the first quarter. In March, we had a significant baking and brunch campaign for Easter that included print, coupons and digital media. And headed into the creak -- the peak grilling season, we'll continue to build upon our Grillerhood platform and launch marketing support for our new steak sauce with the tagline "better-tasting steak guaranteed." This marketing plan includes dedicated Hispanic support for Grill Mates. Our third avenue of growth is acquisitions. I'm pleased with the progress on the regulatory approval for the purchase of Wuhan Asia-Pacific Condiments. We have a few more steps, and we expect to complete this transaction midyear. We anticipate a rapid and seamless integration of WAPC with our existing business in China. McCormick's strategy includes investing in acquisitions, product development and brand marketing to grow sales and profits, and to fuel these investments with our comprehensive continuous improvement program, CCI. Our long-term goal is to achieve annual savings of at least $45 million with this program, and that remains our guidance for 2013. I'd like to comment next on some leadership changes which we announced early in March. These changes are an integral part of our ongoing leadership development and succession planning. Mark Timbie, President of Consumer Foods America and Chief Administrative Officer, has announced his retirement for June 2013. During his 17 years with McCormick, Mark has been an important member of our senior leadership team, and he has contributed strongly to our success in the U.S. and in international roles. At this time, Ken Stickevers, President of U.S. Consumer, will report directly to me, and we'll have some additional organizational announcements prior to Mark's retirement. On the industrial side of our business, Chuck Langmead has been promoted to President, Global Industrial. This new position will help us drive sales growth by aligning our customer intimacy efforts and driving strategy consistently across our industrial businesses worldwide. Chuck has been responsible for our industrial business in the Americas. And another one of our senior leaders, Randy Carper, will assume the role of President of the U.S. Industrial Group, reporting to Chuck. I'm confident that Chuck, Randy and our other business leaders have the ability to manage through the current environment and achieve long-term sales growth and improve profitability for our industrial business. That provides a good transition to my third topic, the current operating environment, its effect on our outlook and how we are adapting. I'd like to address this topic by segment and begin with our consumer business. As I've stated in our initial remarks, consumers in many of our markets remain under pressure. Our growth initiatives have achieved increased sales of our brands in a number of our top markets, although private label has continued to gain share in certain markets. We're responding by building our brand equity. This includes differentiating our products through innovation and ensuring that consumers perceive our products as a good value, building our brand equity. Our teams continue to analyze retail price points, working with our customers to tactically adjust price promotions and couponing as appropriate, and for selected items, get to lower every day price. We're also making sure that our brands are well represented across channels, that our products are on the shelf no matter where consumers are shopping. As a result of these actions and initiatives, we believe that McCormick's consumer business is well positioned for growth as consumers strive to achieve a balance between taste, convenience, value and health. Let's turn to the industrial business and start with a look back to the first quarter of 2012. During that period, we grew sales 13%, with 10% of an increase in volume and product mix. We had won a number new product wins [ph] with both food manufacturers, as well as the food service industry leaders that we serve. In EMEA, through the rest of 2012 and into 2013, sales have remained robust, driven largely by increased sales to quick service restaurants. In the Asia Pacific region, our activity with limited-time offers has slowed. In the first quarter of 2013, we had a significant decline in China related to the U.S.-based quick service restaurants, which were impacted by well-publicized reports on chicken. Based on their upcoming promotions, new product activity and plans for additional restaurant locations, we expect sales to begin to recover as we move through 2013. In the Americas, sales to food manufacturers have been fairly steady, with a solid stream of product innovation. Our current pipeline includes a number of new seasoning blends for salty snacks, crackers and meal preparation kits. For the food service industry, we saw slowing demand later in 2012 and into the first quarter of 2013, particularly with quick service restaurants. The economic pressure on consumers that has adversely impacted restaurant traffic has increased in the first quarter of 2013, with higher payroll taxes and fuel costs. The slide on -- the chart on Slide 12 illustrates this point. This trend has led not only to weaker demand, but a heightened focus by our food service customers on every day value and menu prices. These customers are working to lower their costs, including pressure on suppliers for product reformulations. While our restaurant customers are navigating a tough period, they continue to value our creativity, product development capabilities and technical expertise. As evidence of our effectiveness in this area, our teams have recently been recognized in the U.S. with a Taco Bell innovation reward [ph] , and in Asia with the McDonald's innovation award. Given this backdrop, we anticipated a slow start to 2013, and we have a conservative view of our industrial business for the fiscal year, although we do expect improved results and a return to growth in sales and profit by the second half. As seen on Slide 14, while we've had some challenges in our industrial business, such as steep material cost increases, we have achieved a 54% increase in operating income in the past 5 years. Based on our outlook for strong consumer business results and a more moderate performance in our industrial business, we reaffirm our 2013 guidance for 3% to 5% sales growth and earnings per share of $3.15 to $3.23. Before turning it over to Gordon for more details on the quarter and our outlook, I want to thank McCormick employees around the world for all of their dedicated effort to drive success with our growth initiatives and staying agile in a still challenging environment. Flavor remains a great business. McCormick brings passion to flavor, and consumer demand for flavor is growing. On Slide 15, you can see the latest 52-week increase in consumption data for spices, herbs and seasonings in our top markets. This is our largest consumer business growth platform, and it remains a very attractive category. Our portfolio of products, geographies and customers is broad, and offers us the opportunity to flavor your meal no matter where or what you are enjoying. McCormick is well positioned to achieve long-term profitable growth. Gordon?
Gordon M. Stetz: Thanks, Alan, and good morning, everyone. As Alan has described, our first quarter financial results for the total business were generally in line with our expectations, with strong consumer business performance offset by some weakness in industrial sales and profit. I'll begin with a closer look at sales and operating income for each segment. Let's start with the consumer business. As seen on Slide 17, we grew consumer business sales 7%, a result driven largely by volume and product mix, with a lower impact from pricing and foreign exchange rates. In the Americas region, we grew sales 7%, with volume and product mix driving the increase. Sequentially, this followed a 2% decline in volume and product mix in the fourth quarter of 2012 that related to changes in retail trade inventory, as well as some supply chain disruptions related to Hurricane Sandy. When we discussed this decline with you in late January, we indicated that we were already seeing some recovery in first quarter sales. In addition to a favorable carryover effect from a weak fourth quarter, our latest sales in the Americas consumer business are a strong start to the year and reflect the new product and brand marketing activity that Alan described. In fact, we achieved unit growth across most of our brands and product categories. In Europe, the Middle East and Africa, EMEA, we grew consumer sales 4%, with similar contributions from currency exchange rates, volume and product mix, and pricing actions. Our growth initiatives led to sales increases of Vahin dessert items and Ducros herbs, spices and seasonings in France, Schwartz brand recipe mixes in the U.K. and new distribution for Kamis products in Russia. These gains were offset in part by a modest sales decline in several smaller markets. Consumer business sales in the Asia Pacific region rose 13%. This builds upon a 20% sales increase in the first quarter of 2012, which excludes the impact of currency and acquisitions. Through our growth initiatives, we are achieving significant sales increases in China, and increased first quarter volume and product mix by 20%. Sales for the Kohinoor brand in India grew 19% in local currency. This was the net impact of significant pricing in response to higher cost for basmati rice, offset in part by reduced volume and product mix. Operating income for the consumer business was $88 million, an 8% increase from the first quarter of 2012. This increase was largely due to higher sales and CCI cost savings, which were offset in part by increased retirement benefit expenses and material cost inflation. While brand marketing support recorded as selling, general and administrative expense decreased $4 million year-on-year, as Alan indicated, we increased by $3 million the price promotion and slotting [ph] allowances reported in net sales. By comparison, we increased brand marketing $9 million in the first quarter of 2012 . Turning to our industrial business, let's start with a review of sales. For this segment, first quarter sales declined 2%, as seen on Slide 22. This was driven by lower volume and product mix, offset in part by pricing actions and a slight favorability in currency rates. While the first quarter 2013 sales result varied by region, we had achieved strong growth rates in the year-ago period, and for comparison, these rates are included on each of the next 3 slides. In the Americas, on Slide 23, industrial sales declined 3%, with a 6% decrease in volume and product mix. Our sales of branded food service products were flat, sales to food manufacturers were down slightly and sales to our top quick service restaurants declined more significantly. As Alan indicated, the restaurant industry is under pressure from lower sales. We expect this to begin to improve in the next few quarters, as we get better traction with new product activity. In EMEA, our industrial business achieved another consecutive quarter of strong sales growth. We grew sales 7% in local currency, with a 5% increase in volume and product mix, driven by quick service restaurants. This growth was broad-based, supplied by our facilities in the U.K., Turkey and South Africa. In the first quarter of 2013, sales in the Asia Pacific region decreased 12%. This decrease was largely from volume and product mix, and was primarily the result of lower consumer demand at quick service restaurants in China related to the issues Alan discussed. We expect the situation there to improve in the next few quarters. With the lower sales this period, we show on Slide 26 that operating income for the industrial business was $24 million, down from the $31 million in the year-ago period. Operating income was also unfavorably impacted by higher material costs, increased retirement benefit expense and the mix of business, offset in part by our CCI cost savings and a partial recovery of the charge for out-of-specification materials that we discussed in our fourth quarter earnings call. For the total company, as we projected, first quarter operating income of $112 million was comparable to the first quarter of 2012. The favorable impact of higher sales and cost savings from our CCI program were offset by an increase of approximately $5 million in retirement benefit expense, as well as the impact of higher material costs, which we had expected to affect the first part of 2013. As described in our January call, we are projecting that material cost inflation will moderate from a high-single digit rate of increase in 2012 to a level close to 3% in 2013. The higher increase in material costs early in 2013 affected gross profit margin, as well as operating income. Gross profit margin of 38.7% was down 50 basis points from the first quarter of 2012. As material cost inflation eases heading into the second half of the year, we expect our CCI cost savings and a more favorable mix of business to improve gross profit margin, and for operating income growth to resume. Moving below operating income. Our tax rate for the first quarter was 28.5% compared to a rate of 30% in the year-ago period. The 28.5% tax rate included a $1.2 million discrete tax item that resulted from the recognition of a 2012 U.S. research tax credit. A new law enacted in 2013 retroactively granted the credit in 2012. For the remaining 3 quarters of 2013, we continue to project a tax rate of approximately 29.5%. Income from unconsolidated operations had a strong start to the year, rising 17% to $5.4 million. Our joint venture in Mexico grew sales 15%, contributing to this profit result, and we also had improved performance from our Eastern joint venture in India. We reported earnings per share of $0.57. This was a $0.02 increase from $0.55 in the year-ago period and was the result of the favorable tax rate, higher income from unconsolidated operations and a slight reduction in shares outstanding. This EPS result of $0.57 includes an unfavorable impact of approximately $0.03 from higher retirement benefit expense. We will have a similar impact in each quarter throughout 2013, reflecting the $22 million annual increase, and this is included in our guidance. Let's turn next to our cash flow and quarter end balance sheet on Slide 31. Cash flow from operations was $32 million, up from $23 million year-to-date in 2012. This improvement was led by the change in inventory, which decreased slightly in the first quarter of 2013 compared to the significant increase in the year-ago period. In 2013, we used $60 million of cash to repurchase 900,000 shares. At quarter end, we had $77 million still available on our $400 million authorization. Our balance sheet remains strong. We are at our target debt level and expect to use a combination of cash and short-term debt to fund the purchase of Wuhan Asia-Pacific Condiments. In September 2013, we have $250 million of debt maturing and intend to refinance this with medium-term notes. As a final topic, I'll review our latest 2013 guidance, and then we'll take your questions. Our guidance continues to exclude any impact from the acquisition of WAPC, which we expect to complete midyear. Turning to Slide 32, we reaffirm our projected sales growth of 3% to 5%. Consumer business sales are more likely to grow at the upper end of this range and industrial business sales at the lower end. We continue to project a 6% to 8% increase in operating income and about a 50-basis-point increase in gross profit margin, with at least $45 million in cost savings from our CCI program. Keep in mind that retirement benefit expense remains a $22 million headwind to operating income in 2013. At the bottom line, we reaffirm our outlook for $3.15 to $3.23 earnings per share in 2013. This includes an $0.11 unfavorable impact from increased retirement benefit expense. As we pointed out in our January call, excluding this increase and the year-on-year higher tax rate in 2013, we expect an on underlying double-digit increase in earnings per share. As stated previously, we are planning to increase brand marketing support approximately $5 million in the second quarter. As a result of this higher spending and the impact of increased material costs and retirement benefit expense, we expect second quarter earnings per share to be comparable to $0.60 in the second quarter of 2012. To wrap up our guidance, capital expenditures in 2013 are still expected to be in a range of $120 million to $130 million, and we expect our increased profit and further improvement in working capital to deliver another year of strong cash flow. Let's turn now to your questions, after which, Alan will provide some closing remarks. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from the line of Alexia Howard of Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: I'm kind of popping a couple of quick questions. Are you able to quantify how large the industrial sales are into China? I guess, our look at it has been that it's a fairly small proportion of your total company sales or even the sales of that segment. So I was just curious about that. And if you could give us an idea of how much they were down this quarter, that will be helpful. And then just a second broader question. Do you have views on what's going wrong with the quick service restaurant sector in the U.S.? It seems as though it was in recovery about 1 year, 18 months ago, and now it seems to be dropping off again. And I'm wondering if you just have any high-level thoughts on what might be driving that, because it seems peculiar given recovery that we're seeing elsewhere across this huge space.
Alan D. Wilson: Sure. Our industrial sales in China are between 2% and 3% of our total sales. So it's significant. It's been a good growing business, but it's not an overwhelmingly growing business. I think what's happening with overall restaurant sales and we're seeing a bifurcation, I think, across a lot of categories with how consumers are spending. Consumers that are under stress are certainly experiencing the impact of the increased spike attacks and fuel prices, as well as a whole lot of other stresses, and they're not spending. Consumers at the higher end seem to be, at least so far, continuing to spend. So I think we're seeing a little bit of that play out in our business as well. We would think that would tend to impact the quick service restaurants more than some of the other broad food service channels. It's interesting, if you look at that chart that we showed on restaurant traffic, we were starting to see some sequential recovery, which kind of went away in the first quarter. And we think, over time, that will continue to get back.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Ken Goldman of JP Morgan.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I just wanted to make sure I understood the guidance for the industrial segment this year. I think you've guided to the low end of the 3% to 5% organic range or toward that end, but you just did minus 3%. Will the second half be enough to get to that plus 3%? Or is my math wrong there?
Gordon M. Stetz: No, that is the guidance. We were saying that the industrial business will be towards the lower end of that 3% to 5% on a sales growth basis. And our expectation is that recovery will start to occur as we progress through the year, weighted more towards the second half of the year.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then one other question. We're seeing not just you guys but a couple of other food companies, and I realize that you guided to a reversal of this next quarter, and historically, you've done a good job of spending behind your brands. But you did lower your marketing as a percent of your consumer sales this quarter. Other companies, like I said, have done the same. Is there something that we should be looking at that you see across food? I mean, you see so many different food companies out there that would lead to this happening at a particular time, when maybe I didn't perceive that it would happen. I thought some companies would kind of reinvest, drive the volumes a little bit higher, both through promotions and advertising. And we're seeing some companies really cut that ad spending as a percent of sales. Is there something you're aware of that maybe we haven't thought of or I haven't thought of that's driving some companies in the food space to do this right now?
Alan D. Wilson: I can't speak broadly to what everybody's strategy is. But I know, in our thinking, we've had so much pricing over the last couple of years that we believe it's -- we're working on getting the right shelf price. So we -- so as you saw in the quarter, we increased our promotion spend a little bit and didn't increase our advertising spend. Now for us, we're coming off a pretty heavy increase in the first quarter of last year. So for us, it's just kind of rebalancing, and we still expect that our advertising spend for the year will be up, pretty much in line with our sales growth, so kind of in that 3% to 5% range. What I do see a number of companies doing and talking about is, again, getting the shelf price right so that they're capturing volume. I think everybody, like we are, are expecting this year's growth to be driven much more by volume than necessarily pricing, as we've seen some amount of stability in commodity prices.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Akshay Jagdale with KeyBanc.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: I wanted to ask about just the cadence of commodity or raw material costs and what this might imply for perhaps '14. It seems like your guidance assumes significant improvement in gross margins. I'm getting to around 150 basis points in the back half of the year. Can you help us understand like what are we going to see in terms of commodity prices or raw material costs in the back half of the year? And are you taking any positions for 2014? Is 2014 supposed to be a down year in raw material prices? Or is that too sort of early to even think about that?
Gordon M. Stetz: Starting with 2014, I'm reluctant to go that far out with any forecasting, given the volatile environment we've lived through in the past 5 years. So I don't want to talk too specifically about 2014 or our positions. But to help you with our thinking in the back half of the year on the gross margin improvement, it's going to be a combination of things that we discussed in the call. One is certainly the material cost inflation we see easing as we go into the back half of the year, so we're feeling that 3% guidance more in the front half of the year. The second is the CCI for us occurs throughout the year. So we'll be incurring the CCI benefits as we progress, and that will help offset that as we get into the back half of the year and actually help improve margins. And then lastly, the business mix, both within the portfolio and the total portfolio. If you recall that fourth quarter, which is a large quarter for us, was not as strong as we wanted in the fourth quarter for our U.S. consumer business. And our expectation this year is that business will perform better and that, in fact, will have a very positive impact on gross margin. And within our industrial business, we're looking for the product portfolio itself to improve as we look at the pipeline and the types of items we'll be launching, again skewed towards the back half of the year.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And just one follow-up on your Indian business. Can you give us more color as to what's happening? I know you once you bought the business, you've had made some changes to the distribution model. If I remember correctly, I think you said sales were up 19% but volumes were down. I was surprised by that. I mean I'm aware that basmati rice costs are up, but I was under the impression volumes for the industry are up significantly as well. So can you just help us understand, broader picture, like what's going on in India, what you perhaps learned since you bought that business?
Alan D. Wilson: Well, we've learned a lot and are continuing to learn every day in that market. What I would say is I think our volumes may have been impacted a little bit by pricing, which the industry is broadly taking. And we feel pretty comfortable with our supply chain and distribution model, that we'll be able to show long-term growth in that business. But as always happens as we integrate a new acquisition, we look at the business model. There's a little bit of structural change going on in our business, but we're pretty encouraged by long-term growth there. And in our other joint ventures as well in India, we've seen some pretty solid growth.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Thilo Wrede of Jefferies & Company.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Could you talk a little bit more about the expansion of Kamis into Russia. Are you taking legacy Kamis products into Russia? Are you taking McCormick products into Russia now? What is the size of the overall opportunity in eastern Europe? And kind of which inning are you in at this point?
Alan D. Wilson: Yes, we're very early. We have a -- we've continued to expand distribution in Russia, primarily with the Kamis brand out of Poland, and we're encouraged by what we're seeing. And primarily, what we're seeing right now is a growth in distribution. Russia, like a lot of more emerging economies, especially in the spice business, is largely a lower-cost bulk business. But as the economy is growing, there's a real interest in modern trade and in safe, convenient packaged products, and that's what we're selling. So we're encouraged by what we're seeing. Russia has been a very, very fast-growing business in our category, and we believe it's got great opportunity for us to continue to invest and expand.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then, if I take your $0.60 guidance for the second quarter and look at the seasonality between first half and second half of this year, it seems to me that the year is most skewed towards the second half in at least 3 or 4 years. Is that just coincidence or is your business changing to business that is really more biased towards the second half of the year? Is anything going on that we should be aware of?
Alan D. Wilson: Well, historically, our business has skewed towards the end of the year and specifically in the fourth quarter, so we do continue to see that. I think the dynamics this year are a little bit of the comparisons to last year, where we had a weaker end of year last year than we would have liked and have normally experienced, that we expect to get back to more of a normal pattern.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Robert Moskow of Crdit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just a couple of questions. I'm surprised no one has mentioned weather as being the primary reason for tough comparisons in quick serve restaurants in the first quarter. And I wanted to know if you thought that the warm weather last year contributed to your strength in that segment last year and set up the tough comp this year. And then conversely, do you think you got a benefit in your consumer business in first quarter? And then secondly, there's a very early Easter in the first quarter, and I want to know if anything got pulled forward into first quarter for the consumer business from the early Easter. And what does that mean for maybe a slower pace of growth in the second quarter?
Alan D. Wilson: Yes. Certainly, last year's weather, and we didn't rely too much on excuses then, but last year's weather certainly impacted a number of our seasonal items early in the year. And we think that did impact, and this year is more of a normalized pattern. So we think that could have happened. As we look at our business to quick service restaurants, we could point specifically to some new product wins, which launched early last year, that drove a lot of that business. There may have been some underlying weather events that -- good weather that got people out, so there may be some impact of that. We've looked at the impact of early Easter in our U.S. business, and we think there may be some slight impact, but not significant, because it was later in the month and only a little bit more than a week earlier than last year. So we think there may be some slight uptick, but we're encouraged by what we've seen in our U.S. consumer business. We think it was good execution on our Super Bowl event that created a pretty good momentum, as well as some more normal weather patterns.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Alan, branded food sales for you in the U.S., like your sales to branded food manufacturers you said was flat, but you said you have a lot in the pipeline coming. Can you talk a little bit about your customers there and how they're looking at innovation this year? My perception is that they're doing a lot more, but then again I was surprised to see first quarter being flat. I thought you'd be a little bit higher.
Alan D. Wilson: Yes, I think what I've seen from the food manufacturers, as you well know, a lot of our customers were going through a number of structural changes last year, as they changed -- as some of the companies were being split, some were going through major restructuring, and I think there was more of a focus on managing costs. What I'm seeing right now is back to a focus on growth, but a focus on fewer, bigger initiatives in innovation. So while I'm comfortable that we have a good pipeline and expect to see that benefit us, as we talked about, through the second half of the year, there wasn't the kind of new product activity that we have historically seen early in the year from a number of our customers. Now remember, we're not necessarily a harbinger of what other -- all the companies are doing because if we are participating in a new product launch, we'll benefit from it. They may be still be launching stuff that we're not participating in.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Jonathan Feeney of Janney Montgomery Scott.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: I just wanted to clarify, I guess, is the discussion you had with Ken on the marketing spending. Was this the plan to kind of have this shift between Q1 and Q2? And if not like -- I mean, did you plan this coming into the fiscal year or did you respond based on the fact, as you talked about, inter-quarter here and see something that made you think you want to spend more in the second quarter?
Alan D. Wilson: No, it was a plan, and a part of that promotion spend is product allowances to get new stuff on the shelf. So we've had -- we typically, in a number of our businesses, don't pay major allowances. But as we launched things like Big Easy Rice and some of the steak sauces, there is a bit of that impact, and it was a part of our plan to be able to do that. I'm a big supporter of continuing to manage and increase our advertising spend, and I think you'll see -- and you've seen it consistently, we've more than doubled it in my tenure. I think you'll continue to see that we'll invest behind the consumer.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: And I guess just another follow-up. Is it -- you have every reason to believe that one of your main customers in China will recover eventually, and there's some reason to believe, with the promotions going on there, that you'll see recovery in the second half. I mean, how -- if that were not to materialize, is it fair to say then that recovery on that particular customer, that it would be difficult to make your guidance?
Alan D. Wilson: I would not expect that to be the case. I do know that there is a lot of focus on making sure that -- from our customers, that consumers get back in the stores. I'd also say that because of the impact of that business on our overall company that I would not expect that to be the reason that we'd miss. I mean, certainly, it wouldn't help, but we expect a recovery.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Andrew Lazar of Barclays.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just 2 quick things. First, with respect to gross margin in the first quarter. I know you went through a lot of the puts and takes, Gordon. And maybe I don't appreciate the level of inflation that you did have in input costs in the first quarter, just because, usually, if you get 5% of volume growth and 2% of pricing in your consumer business, normally that drives a pretty awesome amount of sort of margin leverage in the quarter. So I'm just trying to get a sense, was there anything else in there that we should be aware of or am I just not appreciating the level of the skew of input costs to sort of the first part of the year versus the second?
Gordon M. Stetz: I wouldn't suggest there's anything else in there, Andrew. Obviously, the $3 million up spend and some of the pricing and promotion impacts gross margin as well, because that's going to be between the gross and net sales line. But the other impact was clearly the industrial business, which not only had the volume declines, but as we mentioned in the call, had a negative mix as well within that business due to, again, some of the timing of the items that we're expecting to occur later in the year.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then, if I had this right, I think last quarter, Alan, you said the level of activity in terms of potential M&A was maybe not as robust as you'd seen in prior years. And I'm just curious if there's any update to that. Like we're still in this very low interest rate environment, obviously it won't be around forever, and from a seller's perspective, it's hard to imagine a time where it'd be more attractive to think about selling an asset.
Alan D. Wilson: Yes, I mean, we still have a pretty active pipeline. And I don't know what's going to happen through the rest of the industry. But I'd say we have an active pipeline that we feel pretty good about, but we're not seeing a flurry of things coming to market at this point. Now a lot of the stuff that we'd be looking at wouldn't necessarily come to market, but we're not -- so I'd say, from our standpoint, we're seeing an active pipeline, but we're not necessarily ready to pull the trigger on anything right now.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Eric Katzman of Deutsche Bank.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: A couple of questions. It's been a long time since I've heard McCormick talk about higher allowances. I realize that it doesn't sound like it's a big number, but is that -- like, how should I take that? I mean, what does that mean -- like, what's going on, on the shelf that allowances are moving up?
Alan D. Wilson: Well, I think it was a combination of 2 things. One is the kinds of new products that we launched in the first quarter and then secondly, working on getting the right price promotions. So it's -- again, like we said, it's not a big number. It is -- it impacted what you'd see in net sales in the first quarter.
Gordon M. Stetz: I would just differentiate that, Eric, compared to your historical memory, which may be what you're referencing, which was driven by a lot of competitive activity, where this was a combination of what Alan just described. This was new product placement and some planned promotions to drive volume in the quarter.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So nowadays, when you guys are referring to allowances, you're really referring more to promotion as opposed to having to pay some retailer for shelf space for whatever, 2 or 3 years which...
Alan D. Wilson: You're absolutely right. That's absolutely right.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then, second, can you -- maybe kind of on an annual basis, you referenced how big the emerging market is as a percentage of the total. You've been putting more emphasis on that in the last couple of years. How much was, like, let's say, your emerging market business up? Do you look at it that way these days, like in the quarter?
Alan D. Wilson: We do on an annual basis, not in the quarter. Gordon is going to see if he can put his hands on the data. But our emerging market business would be up, and we expect it to be up substantially as we complete this deal with Wuhan in China. But we don't necessarily look at it that way in the quarter.
Gordon M. Stetz: Yes. I'll have to circle back to you, Eric. But I mean, clearly, if you look -- think of the components on the consumer side, it was up in strong-double digit for them, so that's definitely a strong number. Clearly, as we talked about the China industrial side of things, it was weaker. So I'd have to see how that adds up in total for you.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And I guess the reason why I'm asking is because, for the most part, over the last 10-plus years, you guys have executed very well on pretty much every acquisition, except that one in Holland years ago. But it doesn't sound like Kohinoor is doing that well, and that gives me a little bit of pause. I mean, you know we follow this little company, Amira, and they're growing their India business by -- way in double digits in terms of volume. And you're saying that your -- that business is -- that volume was impacted. So I'm kind of -- is that -- like is this something that we need to watch out for? I mean, I guess, it's not that big but then again, emerging markets is where you're putting a lot of capital.
Joyce L. Brooks: Kohinoor specifically was up around 20% in sales in local currency. But that's -- as we said before, it's a combination of pricing, significant double-digit pricing, upwards of 20%, and a small decline in volume, which we feel compared well to some of the other competitors in India. So that's kind of the dynamic we're facing in this fiscal year.
Gordon M. Stetz: Yes, I mean, our understanding, Eric, is that there is sensitivity to price in the basmati rice market. I know there's companies out there talking about their growth. Some of that is distribution-driven. Kohinoor already has a very strong distribution network at 400,000 points, where I believe some of the other conversations you may be hearing are being driven by distribution. So there is some expectation at the type of pricing that you'll see some basmati rice softness, and that does not, in any way, color our view on the opportunity that India presents, because we continue to use that brand name and that distribution system to launch new products. And that was part of the original acquisition plan, and that's continuing to be what we execute against.
Operator: Our next question is from Erin Lash with Morningstar.
Erin Swanson Lash - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: I wanted to follow up on Andrew's earlier question about the acquisition environment. You commented that maybe, from your perspective, while the pipeline is still there, there's not as many maybe opportunities. And I wondered if you could address whether that reflected the quality of the assets that are potentially up for sale or whether it had to do more with the price that sellers are looking for at this point.
Alan D. Wilson: No, I think it's more structurally what's happened in the industry, as companies are kind of consolidating. They went through a major portfolio shift last year, and as companies are consolidating now, they aren't necessarily paring down their portfolio. So some of those established brands that we may expect to see, just as a matter of routine, aren't coming to market right now. On the other hand, a number of the kinds of assets that we look at are individually owned by entrepreneurs, and so theirs are more -- at some point, it will make sense for them to look for an exit strategy. And we get to know them, and we talk to them and make sure they know of our interest, and that's what we would expect. And we've talked about this in the past when we did the Kamis acquisition. We've known that business and that owner for more than a decade, and at a point, it made sense for him. That tends to be more what we're seeing.
Erin Swanson Lash - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: That's very helpful. And then if I could just ask one follow-up on a different note. And I apologize if I missed this, but I was wondering if you could provide any details in terms of how your distribution or distribution gains are going with regard to some of the more alternative type channels like dollar stores and drugstores?
Alan D. Wilson: Yes, we've continued to grow distribution and brand offerings in those channels, which is really strong. Because what we've seen is those channels have migrated from very low priced, not very high quality products in our category to a lot more branded offerings. And so we're benefiting from that both in dollar, the drug channel somewhat. But we're still seeing opportunity for growth there.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Ann Gurkin of Davenport & Company.
Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: I have 2 questions. One, if I can get an update on your R&D facility that opened, I believe, in January in China, and how we should think about leveraging your now global R&D capabilities. And then my second question has to do with should we still expect a new product or a new flavor delivery item by the end of the year to be launched?
Alan D. Wilson: First, on the technical center, we're very pleased with the expansion and the new innovation center in China, where we have a space now where we can collaborate with customers. We have a culinary center, very much like the model that we have in Hunt Valley, as we've done this in other parts of the world. So we're pretty enthusiastic about that. And we're operating -- we've made some organizational changes about 2 years ago to align our technical function, our R&D function under a Chief Science Officer with Hamed Faridi. And so we're seeing the benefits of that, and it's allowed us to move people from different markets and get some good overlap in experience and leverage our science from one area to the other. So I think we're pleased with that. We are -- the new technology that you're talking about in flavor, we're expecting to be more -- to impact more 2014 and '15 than we are to impact 2013.
Operator: Our last question comes from the line of Chuck Cerankosky of Northcoast Research.
Charles Edward Cerankosky - Northcoast Research: Just a couple quick data points, Gordon. What was the CCI cost savings during the quarter and what was the contribution from the partial recovery from that supplier that was actually a negative in the previous quarter?
Gordon M. Stetz: The CCI cost savings, they occurred fairly evenly throughout the year. So if you take $45 million and assume about 1/4 of that, that's a good estimate as to what occurred in the quarter. The partial recovery, we're still in discussions, so it's a bit of a sensitive timing issue as we would talk to all the various parties. I would say it was not material in terms of how much we had. It was not material to the quarter.
Charles Edward Cerankosky - Northcoast Research: Not material, but more to come?
Gordon M. Stetz: That depends on the discussions, quite frankly.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the floor back over for closing comments.
Alan D. Wilson: Thanks for your questions, everyone, and participating in the call. McCormick's leaders and employees all around the world are working to overcome the challenges of today's environment, deliver increased sales and profit and build value for our shareholders. Consumer interest in flavor continues to expand in both developed and emerging markets. McCormick is meeting this demand with our growth initiatives, increased global presence and our passion for flavor.
Joyce L. Brooks: Thanks, Alan. I'd like to add my appreciation to those that participated on today's call. Through April 7, you may access a replay of the call by dialing (877) 660-6853. The conference ID number is 409379. You can also listen to a replay on our website later today. If you have any additional questions regarding the information today or anything else to discuss, I welcome your call at (410) 771-7244. This concludes this morning's conference.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-01-24 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Joyce L. Brooks - Vice President of Investor Relations and Member of Investment Committee Alan D. Wilson - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Gordon M. Stetz - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President, Director and Chairman of Investment Committee
Analysts: Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division Erin Swanson Lash - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Leigh Ferst - Wellington Shields & Co., LLC, Research Division
Joyce L. Brooks: Good morning. This is Joyce Brooks, McCormick's Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you for joining today's call to review the company's fourth quarter financial results and 2013 outlook. We have posted a set of slides to accompany today's call at our website, ir.mccormick.com. [Operator Instructions] A question-and-answer session will follow our remarks. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, the conference is being recorded. With me on today's call are Alan Wilson, Chairman, President and CEO; and Gordon Stetz, Executive Vice President and CFO. Alan is going to begin with comments on our fourth quarter results, followed by remarks about fiscal year 2012 and an outlook for 2013. Gordon will provide a more detailed review of our fourth quarter financial performance and financial guidance for 2013. After that, we look forward to discussing your questions and some closing remarks from Alan. As a reminder, today's presentation contains projections and other forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from those projected. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or other factors. As seen on Slide 2, our forward-looking statement also provides information on risk factors that could affect our financial results. It is now my pleasure to turn the discussion over to Alan.
Alan D. Wilson: Thanks, Joyce. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. Our fourth quarter results enabled us to meet our 2012 objectives to grow sales 9% to 11% in local currency and deliver earnings of $3.03 to $3.08 per share. For fiscal year 2012, we grew sales 9% to reach $4 billion for the first time. This is double our sales of a decade ago. For the past 5 years, we've delivered a 6% compounded annual growth rate in sales at the top end of our long-term objectives. Including the impact of our 2011 acquisitions, we increased sales in emerging markets, 47%, to reach 14% of 2012 sales. This is up from 10% of sales in 2011 and has moved us forward towards our goal of 20% of sales by 2015. We continued to invest in product innovation. We expanded our facilities and capabilities in the U.K., Mexico, U.S., South Africa and early in January, celebrated the grand opening of our new state-of-the-art R&D facility in China. Our investment in product development led to the launch of more than 250 new branded products in 2012. On the industrial side of the business, a move toward healthier products directed a significant portion of our development work with more than 30% of new product briefs globally having some wellness aspect. We invested nearly $200 million in brand marketing support, twice what we spent in 2005. Globally, digital marketing was 12% of our total spending, up from 5% in 2010. Slide 5 features some of our successes in this area beginning with a double-digit increase in our U.S. online traffic. We have similar progress underway in Europe as we align our digital presence to a common global framework. Employees in our operations around the world achieved $56 million of CCI cost savings. This was a key step in our ability to manage through a period of high material cost inflation. And we generated significant cash in 2012. Cash flow from operations reached a record $455 million. We returned $297 million to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases, a 25% increase from $238 million in 2011. In November, McCormick's board approved a 27th consecutive dividend increase, ensuring our place among approximately 60 companies in the S&P dividend aristocrats. We achieved these results as we continue to navigate a challenging environment and adapt to the pressures faced by today's consumers. Clearly, employees throughout McCormick are driving our strategy to grow sales and profit by investing in the business and fueling that investment with our CCI program. I want to thank them for all their efforts and recognize their achievements. In the fourth quarter, we had a mixed performance with strong results in some areas of the business and other parts that did not meet expectations. We're extremely pleased with our results in Europe, the Middle East and Africa, EMEA, with strong top line growth of 10% in local currency, including a 6% increase in volume and product mix. As 2012 progressed, our Consumer business team in EMEA gained traction with new product introductions and brand marketing support. In addition, our merchandising effectiveness was recently recognized by a leading U.K. retailer that awarded McCormick top supplier of the year. We delivered 10% growth for this customer with our new merchandise and fixtures. In our EMEA emerging markets, we continued to exceed expectations with the Kamis brand in the fourth quarter and grew sales to increase exports in the Middle East and Africa. Our Industrial business in the EMEA had another outstanding sales performance backed by increases in branded food service items and higher demand from quick service restaurants across the region, as well as some distribution gains with these customers. A third area that drove fourth quarter sales growth was our Asia Pacific Consumer business. We grew sales in China at a double-digit rate in local currency with increases across all categories. While the Asia Pacific region had a strong sales result for the Consumer business, demand from industrial customers, primarily quick service restaurants, was weak. This was largely an outcome of less new product and promotional activity versus the year-ago period. We expect this decline to extend into the first quarter of 2013, which has a tough year-ago comparison. If you recall, we grew base business industrial sales in the Asia Pacific region 22% in local currency in the first quarter of 2012. In the Americas, our sales and profit were below our expectations in the fourth quarter of 2012. For our Consumer business in the Americas, sales were comparable to the year-ago period, a 2% increase in price offset a 2% decline in volume and product mix that resulted largely from customer purchase patterns and some temporary supply chain disruptions. I'll discuss customer purchase patterns first. If you recall, we had reported a year ago that sales in the fourth quarter of 2011 had declined approximately $10 million or 2% due to customer purchases in advance of a price increase in the U.S. This created a favorable year-on-year comparison for us in the fourth quarter of 2012 based on customer purchase patterns. However, based on our analysis of fourth quarter 2012, we determined that a number of U.S. retailers lowered their inventory of spices and seasonings from year-ago levels. We believe that this reflects buying patterns resulting from past pricing actions, as well as some caution on the part of retail customers following weaknesses in year-ago sales consumption. For those of you who follow us closely know that we've experienced quarter-to-quarter fluctuations in customer buying patterns periodically for the past several years largely in response to our pricing actions. Across the past several years, we've taken pricing actions on 6 different occasions in the U.S. These actions have helped -- have had a cumulative increase of 25% and together have helped address a 45% increase in material costs. Importantly, we've been able to execute the necessary pricing while maintaining our volumes. This is illustrated on Slide 9, which shows for our American Consumer business the significant impact of pricing in each of the last 4 years along with our volume and product mix results. Looking ahead to 2013, with material cost inflation estimated at approximately 3% and no major pricing actions currently planned, we expect retail buying patterns for our products to normalize and for consumers to face less pressure from higher pricing. Realizing that consumers in the Americas were still adjusting to high prices in this past holiday season, we stepped up fourth quarter activity behind coupons and focused our trade promotion funds on optimizing retail price points for key products. This redeployment of marketing funds to couponing and price promotion put some added pressure on top line growth. It also lowered our fourth quarter brand marketing recorded in SG&A, which across all businesses was down $2 million from the year-ago period instead of up by $2 million that we had forecast in our previous earnings call. These changes in our marketing efforts paid off with improved consumer offtake during the Thanksgiving and Christmas holiday periods. Heading into 2013, we will remain close to the consumer using a combination of equity building programs and promotions to position our business for success in the marketplace. Also affecting Consumer business sales in the Americas were some temporary supply chain disruptions that occurred in the fourth quarter and related largely to Hurricane Sandy. While this devastating storm had a limited impact on our sales to customers in the Northeast, it did impact a number of suppliers in this area, which created product shortages during our critical holiday selling period. We also lost several shifts of production time in our manufacturing distribution facilities in Maryland. The other supply chain disruption during the quarter, one that affected our operating income result, related to our Industrial business in the Americas. During the quarter, we recorded a $4 million charge as a result of material from one of our suppliers that was out of specification. We expect to recover a portion of this charge in 2013. Across all of our businesses, operating income also had an unfavorable impact from our business mix. With the relative performance in the Americas versus our smaller regions, our business mix was less favorable at the operating income line. As most of you know, our Americas business is more profitable due to greater scale and less complexity. This mix of business was a primary reason for the decline in gross profit margin and also impacted operating income. While this business mix had an unfavorable impact on operating income, keep in mind that there was some offset in the tax rate as most of our international businesses operated lower tax rate than in the U.S. We have further tax benefit from the repatriation of cash implemented in the third quarter. In total, the tax rate variance contributed to a 13% increase in EPS along with increased operating income and a significant increase in our income from unconsolidated operations. This was led by our joint venture in Mexico, which achieved double-digit sales growth. Looking back on the fourth quarter, we were pleased with our progress and results in some areas and managed through some challenges in other parts of our business. Looking ahead, across our global portfolio, we are well positioned as a global leader in flavor and see excellent long-term growth opportunities for our business. Consumer interest in flavor continues to drive demand for our products. On Slide 10, you can see the latest 52-week category growth for spices and seasonings in our top 5 markets. These growth rates range from 3% in France to 8% in the U.K. and Poland and in China, the category is growing at a strong double-digit pace. Our 2012 U.S. study revealed that while today's consumer is under pressure and striving to save both time and money, the one thing they refuse to give up is flavor. If you take a look at the metrics on Slide 11, the one that I find the most compelling is that more than half of consumers point to flavor and seasonings as a great way to add variety to everyday dishes. Turning to Slide 12, Euromonitor projects that globally, herbs and spices will be one of the strongest of all flavor-related grocery categories through 2016. We believe these latest flavor trends, together with our effective growth initiatives and sustainable business strategy, will drive strong underlying financial performance in 2013 even in a still challenging global economic environment. As Gordon will describe in more detail, our profit projections include some offset to this growth as a result of year-on-year increases in our tax rate and retirement benefit expense. Before I turn it over to him, I want to share some of our projections and plans for 2013. Excluding the impact of any acquisitions, we expect to grow sales 3% to 5%, which is in line with our long-term objective for sales growth before acquisitions. We have a great lineup of new products for our Consumer business in 2013. Innovation continues to be one of the best ways to distinguish our brands from private label and other competition. Consumers in the U.S. are already seeing more than 25 new products on the store shelf this month, including new varieties of Grill Mates, Perfect Pinch, Recipe Inspirations and recipe mixes. We are introducing Zatarain's rice mixes in a convenient retort pouch and a line of frozen Thai Kitchen single serve entres. In Canada, we're launching a range of recipe mixes to easily prepare authentic Chinese and Philippine dishes. We're expanding our range of Vahin dessert items including new extracts, decorations, toppings and baking mixes in France. In Poland, we're introducing 8 recipe mixes and 4 Bag 'n Season items under the Kamis brand. Our team in Australia is introducing a new packaging format with liquid marinade in a bag. And our first new products for Kohinoor in India include a convenient mix of Rice n Spice and a 2-minute meal kit. In our Industrial business, we have a solid pipeline of new flavors and seasonings more than sufficient to meet our sales growth objectives and align with our customers' new product launch plans. Our brand marketing plans include further increases in digital marketing, support for new product launches and a sharp focus on retail price points. In the U.S., we're stepping up activity behind the first quarter events, including a multi-brand approach to Super Bowl with nearly twice as many in-store displays, as well as an additional winter cooking recipe mix event and an early start to our activity for Easter. In Europe, we plan to increase television advertising behind our core line based on strong returns in 2012. Throughout the company, work by our higher performance team is well underway with a goal to achieve at least $45 million in CCI cost savings, providing an important offset to increase costs. And we continue to focus on the management of working capital to improve our cash generation. As a final note, we are on track to complete the acquisition of Wuhan Asia-Pacific Condiments in mid-2013, and we'll make any adjustments to our financial guidance at that time. To summarize, I firmly believe that McCormick's business strategy and growth initiatives, powered by employees around the world have us positioned to deliver strong underlying performance in 2013 and momentum for future success. Let me turn it over to Gordon now for more insight into our fourth quarter financial results and more details on our 2013 guidance. Gordon?
Gordon M. Stetz: Thanks, Alan, and good morning, everyone. Our results for the fourth quarter included 4% sales growth in local currency, a 4% increase in operating income and earnings per share up 13%. We recognize that our results for the quarter differ from many of your projections, and I would like to help you understand the key variances. Let's begin with a closer look at sales and operating income for each of our 2 segments starting with the Consumer business. As seen on Slide 17, we grew Consumer business sales 4% in local currency, a result driven by pricing and the impact of our 2011 acquisitions. Volume and product mix was comparable to 2011 in the fourth quarter, but varied by region. In the Americas region, volume and product mix declined 2% as shown on Slide 18. We had some benefit from pricing taken in the fourth quarter of 2011, as well as higher prices on pepper that went into effect in August 2012. Heading into the fourth quarter of 2012, we had a favorable comparison to the year-ago period when we reported an estimated $10 million shift in sales to the third quarter of 2011 from the fourth quarter of 2011. However, as Alan described, volume and product mix in this region in the fourth quarter of 2012 was affected by further fluctuations in the timing of purchases by our retail customers and by supply chain disruptions. We estimate that the fluctuations in retail purchase patterns lowered year-on-year sales in the fourth quarter by approximately 2%. And we estimate that the supply chain disruptions largely related to Hurricane Sandy lowered sales approximately 1%. Importantly, we believe that the supply chain disruptions were temporary, and we expect no impact to results heading into 2013. As for the shift in customer purchase patterns for this part of our business, a less inflationary cost environment should lead to more normal retail purchase patterns. In Europe, the Middle East and Africa, EMEA, we grew consumer sales 9% in local currency. The level of success behind new products, brand marketing and retail distribution was evident in the 6% increase in volume and product mix. The implementation of master branding in Europe is proceeding well. Sales of Kamis products in local currency are ahead of plan, and we are growing sales in additional emerging markets, the Middle East and Africa through export. Consumer business sales in the Asia Pacific region rose 32%. Excluding the impact of acquisitions and currency, the increase was 7% led by double-digit growth rate in China. Across all 3 regions, fourth quarter Consumer business operating income was $177 million, a $13 million increase from the year-ago period. The Consumer business had higher sales, the benefit of CCI cost savings and a favorable comparison to the fourth quarter of 2011 when we recorded $7 million of transaction costs related to acquisitions. The positive impact of these factors was offset in part by the unfavorable mix of business across regions. While this mix of stronger international sales had an unfavorable impact on operating margin, keep in mind that it contributed to the favorable tax rate during the fourth quarter. Turning to our Industrial business, let's start with a review of sales. For this segment, we grew fourth quarter sales 4% in local currency driven by pricing taken in response to increased material costs. As with the Consumer business, the growth in volume and product mix varied by region. On Slide 23, industrial sales in the Americas rose 6% as a result of pricing actions. During the fourth quarter, we grew sales of seasonings and flavors to food manufacturers and also increased sales of branded items to food service distributors. Offsetting this growth was a continuation of weak demand for our products sold to quick service restaurants in this region. In EMEA, our Industrial business achieved another consecutive quarter of strong sales growth in the fourth quarter. We grew sales 12% in local currency with a 7% increase in volume and product mix. Quick service restaurants continue to expand in parts of EMEA, and we have gained share from the competition. In addition, we have introduced new branded food service items. In contrast to the consumer results in the Asia Pacific region, this was another weak quarter for the Industrial business with sales in local currency down 11%. We had a tough comparison to the fourth quarter of 2011 when we grew sales in local currency by 22%. Following a strong first quarter in 2012, as Alan noted, we have been impacted by a lower level of promotional activity behind some of the quick service restaurant items we flavor in this region. Operating income for the Industrial business was $23 million, down from $28 million in the fourth quarter of 2011. As previously discussed, the $4 million supplier charge was a significant part of this decrease with the remainder largely attributable to the mix of sales this period between regions. As with the Consumer business, this mix had an unfavorable impact on operating income, but helped lower the tax rate. For the total company, we grew fourth quarter operating income 4% to $200 million. The benefit of higher sales, our CCI program and $7 million of acquisition-related costs in the year-ago period were offset in part by the unfavorable mix of sales in both segments and the $4 million charge. The unfavorable mix was also the primary reason for the 100-basis point decline in gross profit margin in the quarter. Moving below operating income. Our tax rate for the quarter was 24.7% compared to a rate of 28.7% in the fourth quarter of 2011. As mentioned, the favorable rate in 2012 included the geographic mix of business across tax jurisdictions, as well as an additional benefit from the repatriation of cash from foreign subsidiaries that occurred in the third quarter of 2012 as was discussed in our September earnings call. Income from unconsolidated operations has begun to lap some difficult results that began in the fourth quarter of 2012 -- 2011 related to pressure from higher material costs compounded by unfavorable currency exchange rates primarily for our joint venture in Mexico. In the fourth quarter of 2012, income from our unconsolidated operations rose $3 million to add $0.02 to EPS growth. Sales of these businesses grew 7% this period. We reported earnings per share of $1.11, a 13% increase from $0.98 in the fourth quarter of 2011 with contributions from the favorable tax rate, higher operating income and the increase in unconsolidated income. Let's turn next to our cash flow and year-end balance sheet. Cash flow from operations was $455 million, up from $340 million in 2011. The improvement was led by the change in inventory, which was just about flat in 2012 compared to a significant use of cash in 2011 when we increased our strategic inventory of certain spices and herbs and had an impact from steep material cost inflation. In 2012, we used $132 million of cash to repurchase 2.3 million shares. At year end, we had $137 million still available on our $400 million authorization. Our balance sheet remains strong. We paid down $85 million of debt in the fourth quarter and returned to our target debt level. As a final topic, I want to discuss our 2013 guidance and then get to your questions. Turning to Slide 32, we are projecting a solid sales performance with 3% to 5% growth in local currency, driven primarily from higher volume and product mix. At this time, we are projecting a minimal sales impact from currency and about 1% from pricing. This range of sales growth currently excludes the impact of our agreement to acquire Wuhan Asia-Pacific Condiments. If we close this deal as expected in mid-2013, it will add about 1% to the sales range, putting our 2013 target right in line with our long-term sales growth target of 4% to 6%. Alan indicated earlier that the Industrial business in the Asia Pacific region has a difficult year-ago comparison in the first quarter of 2013. In fact, we'll have a difficult sales comparison in each of our 3 regions for the Industrial business. In the first quarter of 2012, we grew volume and product mix 8% in the Americas, 8% in EMEA and 19% in the Asia Pacific region. Moving to gross profit margin, we anticipate about a 50-basis point increase due in part to our goal to achieve at least $45 million in cost savings from our CCI program. As Alan noted, material cost inflation is projected to be up approximately 3% for the total year, a significant moderation from the past 2 years. Because this easing of material cost is expected to occur gradually as we progress through the year, the gross profit margin improvement should be marginal in the first quarter and then increase with each successive quarter. At this time last year, we did not think that the interest rate environment could go much lower. We were wrong. At that time, we reported to you a year-on-year increase of $9 million in 2012 retirement benefit expense. Due primarily to a further reduction in the discount rate, a key factor in determining these expenses, we are facing a steeper year-on-year increase of $22 million in 2013. While this expense increase should affect each quarter fairly evenly, it is expected to have a greater impact to EPS growth in the first half when EPS tends to be lower than in the second half of our fiscal year. Looking ahead to 2014, while I won't predict where interest rates will go from here, I believe the most likely scenario is a stabilization of retirement benefit expense at this level. We continue to evaluate ways to lower retirement expenses and manage plan liabilities. Early in 2012, we closed our U.S. pension plans to new participants and in early 2013, announced the closure of our defined benefit plan in Canada. In order to improve the funding level of the U.S. plan, we contributed $35 million to the plan at the end of fiscal year 2012 and another $28 million early in fiscal year 2013. Largely as a result of this expense increase, we have set up our operating income growth range at 6% to 8%, slightly below our longer-term goal of 7% to 9%. Our guidance for 2013 includes a 29.5% tax rate, a 10% increase in income from unconsolidated operations, and a 1% reduction in shares outstanding. At the EPS line, we project $3.15 to $3.23 for 2013, which is an increase of 4% to 6% from $3.04 in 2012. This is below our long-term objective of 9% to 11% largely as a result of the year-on-year increases in tax rate and retirement benefit expense, which are expected to lower our EPS growth rate by 8 percentage points as shown on Slide 33. We expect higher sales growth in our CCI program to drive a double-digit increase in EPS excluding these 2 factors. Largely due to the difficult year-ago sales comparison for our Industrial business and the greater impact of material cost inflation in the first part of 2013, we expect EPS in the first quarter to be comparable to the year-ago period close to $0.55, which we reported in the first quarter of 2012. To wrap up our guidance, capital expenditures in 2013 are expected to be in a range of $120 million to $130 million, up from $110 million in 2012. This range includes our plans to expand for growth in China and Poland, as well as funding for new product development technology. In 2013, we expect our increased profit and further improvement on working capital to deliver another year of strong cash flow. Let's turn now to your questions. After which, Alan will provide some closing remarks. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Alexia Howard of Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Can I ask about the consumer takeaway data in the U.S.? It looks as though the volumes have fallen off a bit in the recent months. And it's kind of hard for us to tell how much of this is supply chain related or the timing of the Nielsen cutoff dates or maybe Hurricane Sandy and so on. Maybe you could just go through how much these supply chain issues affected the Americas, maybe both consumer and industrial volumes this last quarter. And then, as we look out to 2013, how confident are you in the volume outlook in the North American Consumer business given that consumer takeaway data that we're seeing?
Alan D. Wilson: Yes, a couple of things, Alexia. The Nielsen data cutoff, I think, on the 22nd or 23rd, so -- I think it was 22nd. So we missed 2 pretty important days of sales for our products. And as we look at the more longer-term based on IRI, which is what we measure, we saw a pretty good recovery, and we're encouraged by what we saw in consumer takeaway in the Thanksgiving and Christmas holiday periods for our products. So that's part of the reason why we are displaying more confidence in our outlook in the U.S. business. We think there may be some impact, but not a lot of impact of actual consumer takeaway in -- from Hurricane Sandy. There's certainly an area of the country that is extremely important for us, where we have very high shares, was impacted but we think the bigger impact was on our supply chain in the quarter.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay. And then maybe as a follow-up. There were a number of mentions of a negative mix effect this quarter, and I'm thinking more globally now. I'm trying to get a sense for the company-wide margin outlook as you continue to push for growth in emerging markets. So I mean, have you got to a point where you're profitable in places like the Middle East and Africa or China on the Consumer business, for example? And if you're not at a level of profitability there yet, how are you managing that transition as you really balance growth in emerging markets versus profitability?
Gordon M. Stetz: Alexia, this is Gordon. We are profitable in those markets. The particular issue within the fourth quarter that we were pointing to relates to the relative mix of the business of the U.S. versus those foreign markets. And given the skewing of our results and the importance of the holiday period within the fourth quarter to the extent the U.S. market doesn't perform to the expectations that we have had, that can have a negative relative mix on both the gross and operating margin lines. So that's the near-term impact that we saw within the quarter. On a longer-term basis, we fully expect the Americas businesses to continue to grow. We've talked about the Americas margin structure being a strong line as it is, so our desire is for that business to continue to grow over time. And the emerging markets, as we gain scale and share and expand our presence there, we would expect those to start to approximate overall corporate margins as well. And the margin story really does differ by which emerging market we talk about. We've been in certain areas for quite some time, China in particular. That would be a better relative margin to, say, India where we're still establishing an infrastructure and then versus Poland, where we have an established business there that's being integrated into the European team, where they have margins comparable to the overall company structure.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Thilo Wrede of Jefferies.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Gordon, you indicated that the Wuhan acquisition could add about 1 point of incremental sales growth that's not included in your guidance right now. Is there any reason to assume that the income benefit would be in similar range?
Gordon M. Stetz: It more than likely would be flat to slightly dilutive, and that's primarily a function of the transaction cost that we would expense at the time we close the transaction, which we've indicated previously are about $4 million.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay, fair enough. And then the China Industrial business, what impact do you expect from the troubles that YUM! is having in China or just had in China?
Alan D. Wilson: Well, certainly, when our customers in China are not growing their sales, it does impact us in a couple of ways and, without giving specifics on a particular customer, I think our larger customers there, our quick service customers, have reported challenges in their current sales as a result of this chicken issue. Most of it, the quick service business there, is chicken, although we do a lot of other kinds of things like dessert toppings and drink mixes. But if their traffic's down, then our sales are under some level of pressure.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Do you see a corresponding uptick in your Consumer business then if China's consumers don't want to go to quick service?
Alan D. Wilson: Our Consumer business grew very strong in China through the year, and we've continued with that momentum.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then last question I have is for the Industrial business overall, is the target still to get to about 10% EBIT margin and kind of what's the time frame you're looking at right now?
Gordon M. Stetz: Well, what obviously impacts that and many of you heard us talk about this is the material cost environment, to the extent it's inflationary, which is what we've seen through -- from 2011 to 2012. Our pricing mechanisms are pass-throughs as we've talked about, and those pass-throughs do not allow for a margin expansion. In fact, it's passing dollar for dollar through on the raw material cost and actually has margin -- gross margin points compression on it. So what we point to in those periods is year-on-year operating income growth. We've seen consistent year-on-year operating income growth out of that Industrial business, and we've seen margins stuck pretty much in that 7.5% to 8% range. So underneath this period of cost inflation, there actually is margin improvement. But in terms of the timing of when we continue to believe we can get to that, say, 8% to 10% range is going to be very much a function of the cost outlook.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Akshay Jagdale of KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: My first question is on gross margins. You've talked a lot about mix. So based on your comments, my interpretation is that because of the softness in the Americas business, your gross margins came in below even your plans. So if I'm wrong on that, please correct me. But my broader question on gross margins is your long-term goal has been to increase gross margins, I believe, roughly by 50 basis points every year. We've had now 2 or 3 years of -- 2 years, at least, of significant margin compression, and now commodity costs seem to be easing. So at some point, shouldn't we start to see gross margins increase higher than the 50% rate that you typically expect? And if you can give us an answer to when that might happen, that's my first question.
Gordon M. Stetz: Akshay, this is Gordon. Your first assumption is correct. The gross margin impact was very much a function of the geographic mix of the business, as we've said in the call, and that's primarily the Americas region softness we pointed to. As we have indicated in the call, we expect -- because of a more benign environment, improvement in our gross margin this year, and that follows 2 years of material cost inflation, which we've had that compression on now. In those periods of material cost inflation, we want to make sure that we're still able to deliver operating income dollar growth, and certainly our teams primarily in the industrial group but also in the consumer group have been focused on delivering those operating income growth targets. It's difficult to give you an exact time frame as to where we will be on the gross profit margin in the long term. I can tell you in a benign environment, we would expect this nice steady improvement that we had seen over time, and that would be a function of the Consumer business growth outpacing the Industrial business growth. Our Industrial business margin structure is getting better through their CCI and portfolio mix, and that's still the strategy that we have adhered to.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And just one follow-up on the pension expense issue. So it's a little bit hard to judge that from an analyst perspective. So I mean, it's been a bit frustrating because your underlying performance has been very solid. So to glean into that, I'm trying to understand, I mean, when you set your management compensation plans, are you excluding those type of issues as onetime? I mean, I'm just trying to understand, I mean, if the interest rate environment reverses, how would you deal with some positive tailwinds from this type of item?
Alan D. Wilson: Just -- our philosophy is that we're all in it. So when we have a negative like we did in 2012, we take the hit on that. When we have a negative like we expect in 2013, we've got to figure out how to overcome it from a compensation standpoint. And when it's positive, we expect that there will be some level of benefit to our growth rate. Obviously, every year is unique as we set our compensation plans, so we will adjust targets and goals based on that. But our basic philosophy is we're all in and we're measuring ourselves against top-tier performance.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Growe of Stifel, Nicolaus.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I just had 2 questions for you. The first one I want to be clear on was in your discussion with -- to Alexia's question about product -- or about mix. I want to make sure I also understood the product mix within businesses. I'm not sure if you were addressing that or if you're addressing the business mix between Industrial and Consumer. Can you speak to the product mix within each division, and how that was a factor? In particular, it sounds like it was a negative in Industrial in the quarter.
Gordon M. Stetz: Yes, on the Consumer side, it was mostly the volume issue as it relates to the entire portfolio mix in the Americas softness. But within the Industrial business, I would agree that we did have some negative mix, in particular in the U.S. Industrial business within the quarter.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: And that would be related to weaker QSR performance? Is that the main factor there?
Gordon M. Stetz: Yes, that's certainly a part of it, yes.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then I want to ask just a bigger picture question about, I guess, the cash flow but more importantly like how you expect to use the cash in 2013? You got some share repurchase authorization available. And I guess, along those lines, can you also talk about maybe acquisition pipeline and how that -- it looks for the company from here?
Alan D. Wilson: Yes, I'd say, as always our priorities on the use of cash are dividend is extremely important. Acquisitions, because we believe investing in growth is important. We have some CapEx as we're expanding our facilities in China and Poland specifically, and investing in a new flavor technology in the U.S., which we're very keen on, and we think we'll have a positive impact long term on margins in that business. But we have room as we do acquisitions for cash repurchases with, at least, the Wuhan acquisition that we have on the table right now, we'll continue to buy back shares. We are always in the market. We see some level of activity. I would say it's not as robust as we've seen in some years, but we still have -- we have some good targets and continue conversations at expanding our footprint.
Gordon M. Stetz: Chris, I would just add that's given where we are with our targeted debt level and the amount of cash we generate, depending on the acquisition size, we've historically been able to do both share repurchase and acquisitions, and that's our intention as we go into this year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rob Dickerson of Consumer Edge Research.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: I guess, first question is just I've heard you say, I guess, on the Q3 call and also this morning that overall you would expect that consumers would increasingly become a little bit more comfortable spending on flavors because it's such an attractive category, and flavor matters at current prices. But then, at the same time, it seems like your couponing and retail takeaway in the IRI data, which precludes the full holiday, does seem to improve a little bit on the margin and volume, part of that could be from the increased couponing. So I'm just curious, I guess, what studies, one, have you done not on flavor being a great category, but on consumers willing to pay current prices for that flavor; and then two, if the couponing seems to be working, would there be a point such that you would consider lowering your pricing to actually get volume growth?
Alan D. Wilson: Thanks. We do a tremendous amount of work on price elasticity. And we have, as we've gone in this aggressive pricing environment, as I said on the call, we've had about a 45% increase in commodity cost over the last 4 years and have taken about 25% pricing and we've taken a number of different actions along the way, and we are always evaluating the impact of that on volume. The consumer is looking at 2 things. One is we're a fairly low-frequency purchase, and there has traditionally been less price sensitivity on some of our items than there is in a number of other categories. All that said, though, on the shelf, when you've got a range of price points ranging everything from $1 up to about $8 in gourmet, we want to get the promoted price right when the consumer is there to buy. Our business is largely a base business, which means that a small percentage is sold on promotion. But as we get into some of these key periods, we want to make sure that we're incenting customers to buy our brand and not let them have a reason to walk away. Coupons are always a part of our mix, as are price promotions at certain times of the year, that really hasn't changed. We did view that we needed to make sure that we were driving positive volume consumption in the fourth quarter, and so we shifted some of our spending and we'll keep evaluating what the right mix to get to consumers are. We've taken some price reductions on shelf on a couple of key items that we talked about like vanilla and grinders, and we're measuring the impact of that. We think it's -- the results have been generally positive in terms of that, and we'll continue to evaluate certain items to get to the right price points. And this -- and by the way, what we have seen as our pricing has gone up, we have seen those price gaps close now as competition, largely private label, has also taken price increases to either catch up or improve their margins. So we're seeing that situation moderate a bit. All that, we -- it's fairly complex because of the number of items and we've got different elasticities with different items. So we may be trying to be sharper on things like dry seasoning mixes and evaluating what we do on certain spice items, but we do a tremendous amount of work in really understanding that dynamic.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow of Crdit Suisse Group.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I think you're not the only food company or CPG company that's kind of entered the year thinking that they could increase brand marketing and then have to adjust that expectation down, but I wanted to get to a final number for you for the year. Were you still up about $10 million in terms of increasing your brand marketing for the year, and -- I'll leave it at that.
Gordon M. Stetz: Yes, Rob. We were up $11 million and a significant portion of that was also up in the advertising. So we were up year-over-year. We also -- as mentioned, we had a significant portion in digital that we're spending behind. So yes, we were up.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: And was that kind of in line with sales growth, or was it kind of below sales growth? And how would we compare that to your guidance for 2013, which is to be in line with sales growth?
Gordon M. Stetz: It was just ever so slightly below sales growth if we do the math.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar of Barclays Capital.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: With respect to some of your comments about industrial sales in the Americas, I think, you were -- and actually the organic side of that were actually pretty good, and I think you said it was driven by increased sales of branded products to food service as opposed to the QSR. So that's fairly consistent, I think, with some of your comments in the third quarter where you said you were a bit more optimistic that as pricing was starting to wane, volumes for the -- just the branded sort of packaged food companies, many of which you supply, were starting to improve a bit. So I was hoping to get a bit of an update from you on just kind of how you see the landscape around the branded packaged food guys and if that trend has continued in a way that keeps you somewhat maybe cautiously optimistic from an industry standpoint.
Alan D. Wilson: Yes, we're encouraged by what we're seeing in that part of the business. Obviously, different companies have different philosophies and challenges. I'd say the one thing that we didn't see as we went into last year is the amount of actual new product launches that we would typically expect to see. A lot of our customers are going through restructurings and have focused on some level of reorganization. We do see a pretty strong pipeline of new product activity among the consumer food customers that we have, that does encourage us as we go into the second half of the year.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Got it. Okay, that's helpful. And then, I know that from time to time, not just in your business, but in others, there can be these quarter-to-quarter shifts in kind of inventory management in key customers, particularly, in the ends of key retailers' fiscal years, and we've seen that from time to time. Is -- I guess, I'm trying to get a sense of how your capabilities or systems allows you to have some visibility to what your inventories are at the customer level. Has your ability or capabilities there changed at all in the last couple of years to where you have a better sense of how that tracks, because it still seems like a lot of companies in this space get blindsided every so often by some of these shifts? And admittedly, maybe that's just the reality of the customer shifting things kind of quickly in a given period that you can't read. But I'm trying to get a sense of what your level of visibility is to that.
Alan D. Wilson: Yes, we have a level of visibility to about half our U.S. volume because of things like vendor managed inventory or data that we can purchase to evaluate consumption versus their factory sales. So we have that level of visibility. It doesn't -- even in the case of our BMI customers, though, it doesn't change the fact that they decide on a short term that they're going to aggressively manage inventory that, that won't happen. I would say we did miss this a bit in terms of laying out what we thought was going to happen relative to prior periods because of the amount of pricing that we've taken. I'd say there's probably a little bit of an underlying caution by a number of our customers because of some softness in December and January of last year. Now we're seeing the volumes pick up, so we're encouraged by that. But I think, in terms of their inventory management, there was a level of caution around what they thought they needed to bring in, in that period.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Got it. And I think Gordon said that you felt like separate from the supply chain issues from Sandy, that these issues as well, around the inventory side seem like they're pretty well behind you, or is some of that bleed into the first quarter? I wasn't clear on that piece.
Gordon M. Stetz: No. We think it's -- just based on what we've seen so far since we closed the year, we're cautiously optimistic and encouraged by what we're seeing in the U.S. business.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Eric Katzman of Deutsche Bank.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I still have a couple of questions. I guess, first, Gordon, a number of companies have changed their pension accounting and have offset having to take a pension expense hit. Obviously, yours is pretty significant. Did you look into that, and why didn't you use this mark-to-market methodology or maybe Hershey's IFRS approach to offset some of this $22 million in expense?
Gordon M. Stetz: Our philosophy, Eric, has been to disclose the amount, the underlying economics whether -- based on whatever accounting you're using doesn't really change. So from our standpoint, we felt certainly it's important for our investment community to know what the amount is and for you to evaluate the impact to us. We've given you the cash impact associated with some of the funding as well, but we do look at those things. However, we finally landed that the best way to disclose this was purely to give you the amount that was the impact. And as Alan said, we're challenged as a management team to overcome this and move on.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then, I guess, on Slide 15, maybe you answered this question, but you -- Alan, you talked about retail price points. And maybe you could expand on that a little bit. I don't recall for a long time you talking about retail price points. I assume you mean sharpening those to drive consumption higher because you weren't talking about higher pricing in the business. So...
Alan D. Wilson: No, there's a couple of initiatives. One is making sure we got the right prices on items that are price sensitive. So things like dry seasoning mixes and pepper and vanilla and that sort of thing, and so we've got some initiatives on that. We're not talking about higher prices. We're talking generally about how we apply our promotion funds to make sure we're hitting the items that are really volume -- that are really price sensitive.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then, last question back to Gordon. You -- right, the pension expense is noncash, although, you are making a contribution. I guess, you have your tax rate going up, and I'm not really sure what that means for actual cash taxes paid. But I guess, my point is if EBIT is up 6% to 8%, and excluding the pension expense, it's up close to 10%, and then you've also got the JV income up 10%. Is your free cash flow in fiscal '13 up double digit, especially if inflation and working capital aren't much of a challenge?
Gordon M. Stetz: We haven't a specific number out there, Eric, but I don't disagree with your math and that certainly could be an outcome as we progress through the year.
Alan D. Wilson: Yes, we do expect a year of strong cash flow, and built into that assumption is that commodity costs are fairly moderate.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ann Gurkin of Davenport & Company.
Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: I have 2 questions. One, you've commented about the outlook for the Industrial business in the first quarter, but can I get some more detail on your outlook for the overall QSR segment of your business for the year, and as the year progresses the outlook for that QSR segment?
Alan D. Wilson: We think it's going to be fairly challenged. We have some positives in certain markets. And then, as we get into the back half of the year, some easier comparisons. But we do think through the year that, that -- and I'm following our customers' releases as closely as -- probably closer than you are because they really impact us. But I would say that we think that it's going to be fairly challenged.
Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: Great. And then, Alan, in Australia, can you comment on the environment and how you're approaching the consolidating retailer environment and your strategy to address that changing marketplace?
Alan D. Wilson: Yes. Australia has been a tough market for McCormick. As you all know, we're not the brand leader there, and so what we have done is we kind of used it as a laboratory in terms of how a second-place supplier challenges a market leader. And so we've been pretty innovative with new products. We've been very targeted on the kinds of things that we're doing and -- outside our core spice and seasoning line, and we've seen some pretty positive results over the last 2 years as we've done that, but it is a challenging market.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Erin Lash of Morningstar.
Erin Swanson Lash - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: I apologize if I missed this, but I was curious, the fourth quarter tends to be a quarter where there's more of a -- branded sales are more emphasized just because of the holiday cooking season and that sort of thing. So I was wondering if you could comment between the mix of branded versus private label sales, if there was an increase in private label sales relative to branded in the fourth quarter?
Alan D. Wilson: I don't have the actual comparative data between branded and private label in the fourth quarter, but typically we do see an increase in branded shares for a couple of reasons. One is consumers are less willing to take chances on their meals. The second is private label is pretty prevalent in really popular items, but a lot of the items that are purchased at the holiday like nutmeg and pumpkin pie spice and apple pie spice and things like that aren't necessarily replicated in private label because they're a onetime purchase. So I'm afraid I don't have the data specific to private label in this period on these items in front of me, but typically what we've seen is our branded shares are at the highest in the fourth quarter of the year. I would expect they still are.
Erin Swanson Lash - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: All right. That's helpful. And then just one other question. When -- with the retailer inventory adjustments that were occurring in the quarter that you discussed, was that concentrated at any one channel, or was that across all channels?
Alan D. Wilson: It was pretty concentrated with a limited number of customers.
Operator: Our final question of the day comes from the line of Leigh Ferst of Wellington Shields & Co.
Leigh Ferst - Wellington Shields & Co., LLC, Research Division: I was wondering if you could comment on your digital marketing spending of 12%. Give us some background on how you spent that in different categories and geographies, and how you're evaluating the impact of that.
Alan D. Wilson: Sure. Our focus is in a couple of areas. The main spending is in our larger consumer markets like the U.S. and EMEA, and we're doing a number of things, everything from digital recipes to promotions that we work with on search to really target where consumers are at -- on their mobile phones. So as they're searching for things like chicken, we're working with retailers on driving specific purchases of specific McCormick items to a retailer, and we're seeing some really great results with that. As we continue to expand, we have some technologies, which allow for individual flavor selection, and we've been talking to a number of retailers around tying that to their programs. But we're very encouraged by what we're seeing in terms of returns, how consumers are responding. The digital consumer is a very engaged consumer, and so it's one that increasingly we're reaching out to.
Leigh Ferst - Wellington Shields & Co., LLC, Research Division: And on your CCI, is there any evolution or change in the focus of the spending this year or in the savings this year?
Alan D. Wilson: I wouldn't say specifically. I think, it's been a pretty balanced approach to everything from SG&A to productivity in our manufacturing plants, as well as looking at savings within our procurement channels. So it's pretty balanced, and I don't expect that, that's going to change. We're not going to be heavier this year in one versus the other, different than we've been in the past.
Operator: At this time, I would like to turn the floor back over to management for any concluding remarks.
Alan D. Wilson: Thanks for your questions and for participating in the call today. We do believe interest in flavor continues to grow, and McCormick is well positioned to meet this through our growth initiative, our increased global presence and our passion for flavor. While today's environment remains challenging, we're staying close to the market, we're going to be agile, and we're going to adapt our business to drive sales and profit. McCormick's leaders and all its employees are committed to building shareholder value. So thank you very much.
Joyce L. Brooks: Thanks, Alan. I'd like to add my thank you to those that participated on today's call. Through January 31, you may access the telephone replay of the call by dialing (877) 660-6853. The conference ID number is 403908. You can also listen to a replay on our website later today. If anyone has additional questions regarding today's information, I would welcome your call at (410) 771-7244. This concludes this morning's conference.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-09-27 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Joyce L. Brooks - Vice President of Investor Relations and Member of Investment Committee Alan D. Wilson - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Gordon M. Stetz - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President, Director and Chairman of Investment Committee
Analysts: Charles Edward Cerankosky - Northcoast Research Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division
Joyce L. Brooks: Good morning. This is Joyce Brooks, McCormick's Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you for joining today's call to review the company's third quarter financial results and 2012 outlook. We've posted a set of slides to accompany today's call at our website, ir.mccormick.com. [Operator Instructions] A question-and-answer session will follow our remarks. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, the conference is being recorded. With me on today's call are Alan Wilson, Chairman, President and CEO; and Gordon Stetz, Executive Vice President and CFO. Alan is going to comment on our third quarter 2012 results and share our latest progress with key growth initiatives along with remarks about the current business environment. Gordon will provide a review of our third quarter financial performance and discuss our 2012 financial guidance. After that, we look forward to discussing your questions and closing remarks from Alan. As a reminder, today's presentation contains projections and other forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from those projected. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or other factors. As seen on Slide 2, our forward-looking statement also provides information on risk factors that could affect our financial results. It's now my pleasure to turn the discussion over to Alan.
Alan D. Wilson: Thanks, Joyce. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. Our third quarter financial results demonstrate the effectiveness of McCormick's growth initiatives even in a challenging environment. Measured in local currency, we grew sales 9%, increased operating income 12% and achieved a 13% increase in earnings per share. Through the first 3 quarters, we have generated $256 million of cash flow from operations and are on track to exceed $400 million for the fiscal year. Our strategy to grow sales and profit by investing in the business and fueling these investments with CCI, our Comprehensive Continuous Improvement program, provides the framework for our progress. And employees throughout the company are doing exceptional work, and a key ingredient of success, our power of people. As an example, we now expect to exceed $50 million in cost savings from CCI, a 25% increase from our initial goal of at least $40 million in cost savings during 2012. We regard this program as particularly important in a period of time when material costs remain volatile. This quarter, we were pleased to report a 50-basis-point improvement in gross profit margin following a number of quarters when margins have been under pressure. While difficult economic conditions in many of our markets persist, we're making excellent progress with our growth initiatives in 3 areas: product innovation, brand marketing support and acquisitions. Let's start with some remarks on Consumer business innovation, where we are building on our global growth platforms as well as innovating behind our brands that are regional leaders. Following the launch of 200 branded consumer products in 2011, we are on track to launch close to 250 new items this year. In the U.S., new McCormick recipe mixes are allowing consumers to easily prepare wholesome, traditional meals for their families. Our Zatarains frozen meals for 2 has helped drive a 9% sales increase year to date for the brand. Grill Mates blends, marinades and barbecue sauces are behind an 8% year-to-date sales increase. And in the fourth quarter, we will be introducing Hispanic rice mixes, frozen Simply Asia entres and a holiday multipack of small-size Extracts. In Latin America, we have developed and introduced value-priced condiments that are helping to drive a 9% increase in our Consumer sales in El Salvador throughout the first 3 quarters. And in Canada, we've gained strong retail acceptance for 37 new products and expect sales of our 2012 new products to be double the sales of new products introduced in 2011. Moving to Europe, the Middle East & Africa. Consumers are under pressure and seeking ways to economize. During this period, differentiated new products are more important than ever. Building on our global platform of recipe mixes, we are having particular success with Bag 'n Season in France and the U.K., Slow Cookers and limited-edition varieties. Likewise, innovation behind our spice and seasoning platform include Grinders and, across multiple markets, new Recipe Inspirations. For consumers who want to prepare great desserts at home, we continue to expand our Vahin brand product offerings. In the Asia/Pacific region, we're expanding our recipe mix platform in China. Earlier in the year, we launched a line of family classics with flavors such as Kung Pao Chicken and honey pork ribs, followed more recently by World Flavor varieties. Australia's introductions include naturals recipe mixes as well as recipe creations and marinades. Our Industrial teams have been equally active with innovation. Demand for healthier products remains a great opportunity for McCormick to provide customized flavor solutions for numerous food categories: snack chips, crackers, cereals, side dishes and menu items, beverages, chicken and sandwiches. Recently, we completed a study to track the success of the flavors that we develop for customer products, comparing the performance of our flavors with flavor varieties supplied by a competitor for the same salty snack cereal and cracker brands. The 3 examples in Slide 7 are representative of what we see across a number of examples. The McCormick-flavored products are outselling. Clearly, we're providing flavors preferred by consumers. As we continue to invest in our technical innovation capabilities, with a ribbon-cutting in August for a new facility in Mexico, new flavor labs in the U.S. and, more recently, in the U.K. and our new Technical Innovation Center in Guangzhou, China due to open by year end. Brand marketing support is another key growth initiative. While we expect to increase our spending this year by at least $15 million, we're also reallocating funds to reach consumers in new ways. A portion of funds are being directed toward a value message behind our brands with coupons, features and in-store displays. In fact, our U.S. Retail displays for the holiday period are going in even earlier during this fourth quarter, and we have a strong ad campaign planned behind new Thanksgiving advertising. We're also adapting to reach consumers where they're spending their time, which is increasingly on the Internet, as shown on Slide 8. In 2012, we expect our digital marketing to reach 12% of our total brand marketing support, triple what we were spending just 2 years ago. We're working to connect with consumers at every stage of what we call the flavor of life cycle, from inspiration with a recipe idea to getting our product in the shopping list and helping with meal preparation and, finally, sharing success with family and friends. In addition to our Facebook fans for brands like Grill Mates, Zatarains and Old Bay, we are excited about our presence on Instagram and Pinterest to support our gourmet consumers. Pinterest is now the third-largest social media site after Facebook and Twitter and provides an opportunity for consumers to become engaged with our brands in more authentic and compelling ways. The third growth initiative I want to touch on is acquisitions. Acquisitions completed in 2011 are contributing meaningfully to our 2012 sales growth at a 6% rate year to date. The addition of Kamis and Kohinoor have expanded our emerging market presence, and through the first 3 quarters, sales in emerging markets accounted for 14% of total McCormick sales. I reported last quarter that these integrations were complete, and we're now achieving some early wins. Kamis is currently tracking ahead of plan, due in large part to our business in Russia. Russia comprises nearly 20% of the Kamis business, and we've grown sales 44% from the year-ago pre-acquisition period in this market. Our business there is supported by distribution facilities and a local sales team. As the third-largest spice and seasoning business in Russia with a category share of approximately 10%, we are further expanding our distribution in this fragmented market. Turning to India. We are realigning our Kohinoor distribution network by retail channel rather than geography to build focus on modern trade, traditional trade and food service. This is patterned after a similar alignment that met with great success in China. And in the U.S., we continue to build retail distribution for Kitchen Basics products. About a month ago, we announced our latest acquisition agreement, this time in China. We've agreed to purchase 100% of the assets of Wuhan Asia-Pacific Condiments, WAPC, for approximately $141 million. This price is about 12x multiple of EBITDA, with annual sales of roughly $115 million, WAPC manufactures and markets, 2 leading brands of bouillon in Central China. Sales are growing at a double-digit rate with a network of distributors that supply traditional markets as well as modern grocery stores. This business is an excellent fit with our current business in China. It extends our product portfolio of spices, seasoning blends and sauces to bouillon, and WAPC's geographic strength in Central China complements McCormick's existing strength in China's coastal regions. We regard WAPC as a great follow-on to our acquisitions of Kamis and Kohinoor in 2011. We're building out our emerging market presence through acquisitions that have been in the $100 million to $200 million range. As we execute our emerging market strategy, we're maintaining our financial discipline and acquiring established brands that are immediately accretive to earnings when costs to close the deal were excluded. We're well on our way toward reaching the goal that we set in April: for sales in emerging markets to reach 20% of total sales by 2015. Let me turn it over to Gordon now for more insight into our third quarter financial results and our latest 2012 guidance. Gordon?
Gordon M. Stetz: Thanks, Alan, and good morning, everyone. As Alan indicated, we continue to operate in a challenging environment, one that has demanded adaptability, resourcefulness and the talents of McCormick employees across the company. Our financial results are a testament to their accomplishments. Alan provided some of the headline results for the third quarter: 9% sales growth in local currency, a 12% increase in operating income, a double-digit increase in earnings per share and strong cash flow. I'd like to begin with a closer look at each of our 2 segments, starting with our Consumer business. As seen on Slide 12, we grew Consumer business sales 12% in local currency. In a period of increased pricing, we are maintaining our volume and product mix and had another strong contribution from our 2011 acquisitions this period. In the Americas region, we grew third-quarter Consumer business sales 5% in local currency. As seen on Slide 13, sales from Kitchen Basics added 1% to our growth this period. Pricing was up 5% as a result of an increase taken in the fourth quarter of 2011 and a more recent price increase on pepper. For the third quarter of 2012, volume and product mix were about even with the year-ago period. As a reminder, in the third quarter of 2011, we estimated that customers purchased approximately $10 million of product in advance of a price increase, shifting sales into the third quarter of 2011 from the fourth quarter of 2011. Excluding this impact, third quarter 2012 volume and product mix were up approximately 3% year-on-year, a solid growth rate being driven by the new product activity and brand marketing support that Alan discussed. In Europe, the Middle East and Africa, EMEA, we grew consumer sales 22% in local currency. This increase was attributable to sales of Kamis, our acquisition in Poland, which was still incremental in this quarter. For the base business, a slight increase in pricing was offset by a decline in volume and product mix. Difficult conditions persist in much of Europe, where consumers are facing uncertainty and economic pressure. In this environment, we are working to drive growth with differentiated new products and our brand marketing support. Consumer business sales in the Asia/Pacific region rose 69% in local currency. Kohinoor, our acquisition in India, added 55% to third quarter sales. The base business grew 14%, mostly from volume and product mix. Following a strong start to the year and a more modest increase in the second quarter, sales rebounded this period, illustrating the quarter-to-quarter variability we've seen in this region, which is due in part to the timing of holiday seasons in marketing programs. Our Consumer business in China drove this quarter's increase, and sales there are up 20% year to date in local currency. Across all 3 regions, third quarter Consumer business operating income was $109 million, up 8% from the prior year, driven primarily by sales growth. Pricing actions together with our CCI cost savings continue to provide an offset to the impact of higher material costs. Let's turn now to our Industrial business and start with a review of our sales performance. For this segment, we grew sales 6% in local currency, with most of the increase related to pricing taken in response to increased material costs. On Slide 18, Industrial sales in the Americas rose 7% in local currency due primarily to pricing actions. During the third quarter, we grew sales of seasonings and flavors to a number of food manufacturers and also increased sales of branded items to food service distributors. However, we saw lower demand for our products sold to quick-service restaurants. In EMEA, our Industrial business achieved another consecutive quarter of strong sales growth in the third quarter. We grew sales 11% in local currency with a 7% increase in volume and product mix. Demand from quick-service restaurants remains robust, and we are meeting this demand with products supplied from our operations in the U.K., Turkey and South Africa. In contrast to the consumer results in the Asia/Pacific region, this was a somewhat weak quarter for the Industrial business there with sales in local currency down 4%. This compares to 17% year-on-year sales growth in local currency for the third quarter of 2011. In 2012, we have been impacted by a lower level of promotional activity behind some of the quick-service restaurant items we flavor in this region. In the Asia/Pacific region and across our other 2 regions, our Industrial teams are working to partner with our customers to drive their growth through new product development. Operating income for the Industrial business was $35 million in the third quarter, an increase of 27% from the year-ago period, which reflects higher sales, CCI-related cost savings and operating expense leverage. In addition, our customer pricing is better aligned with our current material costs than in the third quarter of 2011, when we were getting pricing actions in place in response to significant material cost increases. Across both segments, we grew third quarter operating income 12% to $144 million, mainly due to higher sales and our CCI program. Gross profit was 40.1% this period compared to 39.6% in third quarter of 2011, a 50-basis-point improvement. This reflects the favorable sales mix in Consumer and faster growth of the Consumer segment versus the Industrial segment. And as mentioned for each of these 2 segments, we are offsetting higher material costs with pricing actions and CCI cost savings. Also affecting operating income was our selling, general and administrative expense, which was down 20 basis points as a percent of net sales in the third quarter. Brand marketing spending this period was about even with the year-ago period. This follows a 27% increase in the third quarter of 2011. For the full year, we expect our brand marketing support to be up at least $15 million. This suggests an increase of a few million dollars in the fourth quarter, given what we have spent year to date. This fourth quarter 2012 increase builds upon a $10 million increase in the fourth quarter of 2011. Moving below operating income, our tax rate for the third quarter was 25% compared to the prior year period at 26.8%. This year-on-year tax rate variance added about $0.02 of the earnings per share increase in the third quarter of 2012. In the third quarter of 2011, we had the benefit of discrete tax items. In the third quarter of 2012, we repatriated $70 million of cash from foreign subsidiaries. Due to the mix of foreign earnings that related to this cash, the repatriation resulted in foreign tax credits in the U.S. Versus our underlying tax rate for 2012, the impact of these tax credits added about $0.04 to earnings per share. We expect the tax credits to add $0.02 to earnings per share in the fourth quarter of 2012 versus our underlying tax rate. We currently expect the fourth quarter tax rate to be about approximately 27%. Income from unconsolidated operations continues to lag the year-ago results with $5.5 million achieved in the third quarter of 2012 compared to $6.8 million in the year-ago period. Although the decline has moderated from the first half of 2012, it is still due in large part to the exchange rate between the Mexican peso and the U.S. dollar not only in the translation of earnings from our McCormick-to-Mexico joint venture, but in the transaction impact for the purchase of soybean oil. We now expect income from unconsolidated operations for the full year to be down approximately 20% year-on-year. At the bottom line, we reported earnings per share of $0.78, a 13% increase from $0.69 in the third quarter of 2011. Of the $0.09 increase, higher operating income was the primary factor behind our profit growth, followed by the favorable tax rate, as shown on Slide 25. Let's turn next to our cash flow and August 31 balance sheet. Year to date, cash flow from operations was $256 million compared to $86 million in the first 3 quarters of 2011. The improvement was led by a much lower increase in inventory for the first 3 quarters of 2012 than in the first 3 quarters of 2011. Year to date, in 2012, we used $98 million of cash to repurchase roughly 1.8 million shares. At quarter end, we had $171 million still available on our $400 million authorization. Our balance sheet remains strong. We have maintained our debt levels through 2012 and plan to pay down approximately $50 million in the fourth quarter. In 2013, we expect to balance the use of cash for the acquisition of WAPC in China with our share repurchase program. As a final topic, I want to review our latest 2012 guidance, as shown on Slide 27. With strong sales results through the first 3 quarters, we reaffirm our expectation to grow sales 9% to 11% in local currency for the fiscal year. Based on prevailing foreign currency rates, we are still estimating an unfavorable currency impact of 2% for the year. At the operating income line, we are reaffirming a 9% to 11% increase. We have increased our guidance for earnings per share to a range of $3.03 to $3.08, reflecting the impact of the foreign tax credits. This is a $0.02 increase from the prior range of $3.01 to $3.06 and indicates our outlook for the fourth quarter EPS as a range of $1.10 to $1.15. While the impact of the foreign tax credits versus our underlying rate is about $0.06, we are adding just $0.02 to reflect a more conservative view of the fourth quarter, given the global economic environment and continued volatility in material costs as well as an opportunity for additional investment and brand marketing support. As a reminder, in updating your models, keep in mind that we recorded acquisition-related transaction costs in the fourth quarter of 2011 that lowered earnings per share by $0.05, and we expect to have a $0.02 benefit from foreign tax credits in the fourth quarter of 2012. To summarize, we were pleased with our third quarter performance and expect record financial results in 2012. While we maintain a cautious outlook based on the global economic environment, we are excited about our growth initiatives and the enthusiasm and energy of McCormick employees around the world. Thank you for your attention, and now let's turn to your questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from the line of Chuck Cerankosky with North Coast Research.
Charles Edward Cerankosky - Northcoast Research: In looking at the QSR business in Europe versus North America, one's weaker, one's stronger. Yet the economies, they both have a fair amount of consumer stress. Can you give us some insight on that difference?
Alan D. Wilson: I think part of what's going on there is that we've gained a little bit of share in the European business. Our share is relatively flat in the U.S. business. So I think -- I wouldn't necessarily -- and I'd say the same thing about Asia, that I wouldn't necessarily draw an inference into the performance of that channel based on our results because there's a lot of things that move back and forth based on what items we supply and what the customers are promoting and what share we've gained.
Charles Edward Cerankosky - Northcoast Research: All right. And then looking at the underlying tax rate, Gordon, you're comparing a $0.04 favorable variance to the underlying tax rate. Is that suggesting something in the low 30s?
Gordon M. Stetz: Well, as we indicated for Q4, we expect it actually to be below 30%, more in the range of 27%. Or you're saying the low -- you're asking about the underlying tax rate, I apologize.
Charles Edward Cerankosky - Northcoast Research: Right.
Gordon M. Stetz: The underlying tax rate would be around -- about 30%.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Alexia Howard of Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Can I ask about some trends that we've been seeing in the consumer takeaway data? It looks as though in spite of the seasonings in the U.S., there's been a bit of encouragement from private label dollar and volume share. Could you just tell us a little bit about what's going on there with respect to price gap to private label, private label promotional activity? And do you expect that kind of an environment to persist going forward?
Alan D. Wilson: I think it's going to be a challenging environment going forward, but as we look at it, I mean, the 4-week data is pretty skewed because it can be based on what we're promoting and when we're promoting it. And certainly what you're talking about is a factor in the 4-week period. As I look at it over the year, we've actually seen a more aggressive price change with private label than we have, necessarily, with the brand. And actually, we've grown share over the 52 weeks, all channels, all outlets with McCormick brands versus private label. The price gaps had closed pretty significantly. What we saw in the 4-week was probably some promotional activity that would suggest about 3% price impact from private label and about 5% from the brand.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay, great. And just quick follow-up. The Industrial business in Asia/Pacific, you mentioned adverse promotional activity. Again, do you think that's likely to persist? Or was it really just affecting this quarter?
Alan D. Wilson: I think we'll still see some impact of that. And what it is, is that customers are focused on some -- promoting some items that we don't supply, so that is certainly a piece of it. It's not necessarily a drop in their promotional activity. I'd also take you back to we have very, very strong results in the fourth quarter of 2011 in that business. We were up 16% in volume. And so I think it's a little bit of they're focused on some other stuff, and we're up against a fairly tough comparison, and the pipeline has some new products that were launched in the fourth quarter last year.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Thilo Wrede of Jefferies & Company.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Gordon, if I understood you right, you're lowering the underlying guidance for the year by $0.04, offset by the tax benefits you're getting. Are there any particular parts of the business, any particular geographic regions that give you that cause for caution?
Gordon M. Stetz: No, I just go back to my comments in the call, Thilo, which relates just to the general economic environment we're operating in. Obviously, we can all read the headlines and see where there's stress around the world, in particular, Western Europe, where the consumer is still being impacted by the economic environment. Additionally, we did point to the potential for us to reinvest in the brand as well, and finally, as you heard Alan talk about, there are some tough comparisons, in particular in the Industrial side, that we're up against in Q4 on the Asia/Pacific business that -- where we were up 16% in the prior year.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: So does the economic slowdown that we read about in China and Brazil and so on, does that give you any particular concern? Are you already seeing an impact on your business from that?
Alan D. Wilson: Our Consumer business in China is performing very well as we continue to grow our distribution and gain share there. So that's performing well. We are seeing some slowdown on the Industrial side, which we've seen over the last several months. But again, it's a factor of what the customers are promoting versus what we're necessarily supplying, and that's a piece of it. We're cautious in Europe and have seen some additional pressure there, although we think we've got the right plans in terms of our new products and our promotion plans and then building for a good holiday finish. I mean, I would highlight again what Gordon already said, is that we are going to continue to invest in advertising, and a part of that conservative guidance in the fourth quarter is behind our investment spending.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Right. Okay. And then last question I had for you, it seems like the growth of modern trade in India might accelerate, given the regulatory changes there. Is that something that would be particularly beneficial for you?
Alan D. Wilson: Yes, we believe that is very beneficial for us because our products, even though we cover the traditional trade as well as the modern trade there, our products are really geared for convenient package, safe items, and so we do benefit as modern trade expands.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Chris Growe of Stifel, Nicolaus.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I just wanted to clarify that on a follow-up comment there to Thilo. The -- in the fourth quarter, if you -- you've called out roughly $15 million of incremental marketing for the year. Are you saying you could go over and above that if you see the opportunity in the quarter? Or is your incremental investor talking about that $15 million?
Gordon M. Stetz: The current guidance would indicate that we would be up at about $15 million, would be an incremental $2 million within the quarter, with the potential for us to spend more if we determine we think it'll be an effective spend.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: And that's part of the conservatism for the fourth quarter? Is that -- I'm just trying to understand it.
Gordon M. Stetz: That is part of it as well.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. Yes. And then I just wanted to ask as well, you took your CCI cost-saving amount up for the year. Did that come through the business already? Do you expect that to come? So is there an improving outlook for that? And I guess I'd also like to ask is that more SG&A-related? The SG&A was a little lower than I thought this quarter.
Gordon M. Stetz: It's pretty consistent delivery as we progress through the year, Chris, and it's a function -- it's really as we progress through the year, more visibility into the projects and the timing of their execution. So it's pretty even as it relates to the year and the quarters. I'd say because of the fourth quarter size, we tend to incur more of the benefit just by virtue of the amount of production and materials that flow through our facilities. It's still a skew towards the cost of goods sold line. It's about 80% -- 75% to 80% do relate to our cost of goods sold, while the remainder is in SG&A.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay, and I had one final one. That was -- in this third quarter, have you said or could you say how much the benefit to consumer-operating profits came from the acquisitions?
Gordon M. Stetz: Within the quarter itself, I -- we don't get into that level of detail, but I can say we're pleased, we're on track relative to the initial accretion that we have given. All the acquisitions have been pretty much performing in line. So I view that prior guidance as a gauge, and as you know, we start to anniversary those acquisitions in the fourth quarter.
Operator: Our next question is from Eric Katzman of Deutsche Bank.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Two questions, I guess. First one on the top line. I guess you indicated that about half of the local currency growth is acquisition-related and half is price. Is that correct?
Gordon M. Stetz: Yes. Eric, that is correct. So the 9%, it roughly breaks down into half price, half acquisition with...
Alan D. Wilson: Some slight volume.
Gordon M. Stetz: Minimum volume mix on that.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I guess because you've done a great job of introducing new products in various niches across the industry as well as geographically. And so you highlighted them so much, Alan, I assume that they're performing at least in line with your expectations on a global level. But does that mean that there is some decent elasticity on the core given the 4% to 5% pricing?
Alan D. Wilson: I would also remind you that we had the buy-in in advance of the price increase last year. So -- and it's hard to gauge that, but if we took that out, we would have more substantial volume impact in the quarter. So we feel pretty good about what our new products are doing for us, and they're going to hit what we expect them to. I would say we still are under pressure with volumes as the consumer is under pressure. So we're seeing some level of that elasticity that we always see.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And again, from a broader top line perspective, some of the companies that have reported recently have talked about improving, let's say, volume growth across a number of categories. Do you kind of echo that sentiment, Alan, or are you more cautious?
Alan D. Wilson: I think the volume trend in our category is a little stronger than the 52-week and a little weaker than the 12-week in the latest. So -- and you can't gauge that much for it. We feel like, in the fourth quarter, at least in the U.S., that we're set up for very good execution against last year. Now last year, as we saw, was pretty weak in December from a takeaway standpoint. So what we're gauging is what do we ship in the fourth quarter? But we feel like we're well-poised. We've got good display activity. Things are going in. And so we're pleased with how we're set up. And the thing that we're watching is what the consumer takeaway ends up to be.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, and then last question, to -- I guess to this, Gordon, to the tax issue, I'm not even sure I know how to ask the question, let alone whether I'll understand the answer. But I thought that when you repatriated cash, which was I think one of the points you made in the text, that when you repatriate cash that it generally elevates your tax rate. And yet you're saying it's kind of repatriating cash and getting a credit, and therefore, the tax rate's lower. How is all that working?
Gordon M. Stetz: It's the complexities of the foreign tax credit calculation, the relationship of U.S. earnings to non-U.S. earnings, calculations and the characterization of those earnings and earnings and profit pools, foreign exchange rate relationships at the time. So it would take a lot of time, but that's in a nutshell what it's all boils down to.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Ken Goldman of JPMorgan Chase.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: You have some insight into some broader trends in U.S. food consumption just based on your relationship with some of your customers in the food manufacturing side. But we're starting to hear some companies, as Eric said, talk about some volume improvements. At least less pressure on that end. Can you give us some general insight into what you're seeing across food manufacturing, without mentioning companies in particular, of course, but just, is it sustainable, is it something that people are talking just building on easier comps? Do a lot of your customers, are they starting to feel better about things? Or is it a little bit of a, "Hey, let's wait and see how we go and not get too excited yet." I'm just curious based on your particular vantage point what you're seeing out there across food.
Alan D. Wilson: I think the general consensus that we're hearing is that people are seeing some recovery in volumes and some moderation of cost increases, not that they're going lower but that they aren't going up as high as they have in the past. What we're seeing from a new product activity standpoint is that our customers are focused on bigger, fewer new products as opposed to a steady stream of the base hits. So I think, that -- which would tell me that they're feeling more confident in that, and so I think, again, going back to what we're dealing with at this time last year, which was significant commodity inflation and pricing, there's -- the commodity inflation is not as high as it was, and so we expect that we should see the ability for the consumers to buy a little more and not have that sticker shock. Because I think what we saw early in the year was a little bit of the sticker shock, people living out of their pantries. And I think kind of the general impression is that things are improving a bit.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. And then you seem to be doing well in China at -- on the Consumer side at a time when many of -- many consumer companies aren't, right? And I'm sure it's partially because spices are more of a staple but partially because of your strong execution, too. Can you just talk a little bit about what you're seeing in the Chinese economy overall? There've been a lot of consumer companies, not just in food, citing those tough trends there, like I said. I'm just interested in your views and maybe whether if there is a slowdown in China, does that affect your plans in any way? Or is it just more full steam ahead for you?
Alan D. Wilson: I think that the long-term growth rate of China is going to be good and positive, and it's going to be an important part of our business, as well as for a lot of people's business. We're seeing a general slowdown and some impact of -- with consumer confidence, I think, in China. What we're seeing in our Consumer business is that we're continuing to gain share and increase our distribution. So we're offsetting a little -- some of those trends by driving our business. We've increased our advertising there. We're increasing our new product activity, and so I think we're offsetting some of that. But I think there is a general slowdown that we've seen over the last, say, 9 to 12 months in China. But I think the long term -- my long-term view on China is that it's going to continue to grow and be a great market for us. That's why we're making the investments that we're making with the Wuhan Asia-Pacific Condiments business, but we're also investing in our facilities. We're in the process of completing a new technical center and a plant expansion. So we're pretty bullish long-term on China.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Akshay Jagdale of KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Just one clarification on your guidance. So you didn't change your EBIT guidance, right? I mean, a lot of the noise is just below the line, correct?
Gordon M. Stetz: Yes, we reaffirmed operating income growth at 9% to 11%, that is correct.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay, good. Can you just talk a little bit more in depth about what's going on in India? And you mentioned your experience in China helping with that. So specifically, I mean, did you expect to make this change in your go-to-market strategy, I guess, before you made the -- or when you made the acquisition? Or have things changed? And just give us a little bit more color on why you think that's the right idea.
Alan D. Wilson: Yes, we were pretty regionally focused, and what we're seeing, as the modern trade starts to grow in India and then -- and from some of the other earlier comments, we expect that, that could accelerate. But the activity that we have focused on the geographies. We felt like we were missing some opportunities. This is a model that we had in China. So as we went into the acquisition, we did expect to make this change to -- and what we're talking about is a change from focusing on geographies to organizing our sales by channel. So we did expect to make that change. We -- it's early in making that, but we're very confident that that's going to be the right move for us and especially as modern trade grows.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. That's helpful, and just back to China. I may have missed some of your comments, but your Industrial business saw a slowdown, and that was related to quick serve and partly China. Is that right?
Alan D. Wilson: That's correct.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: So -- but your Consumer business in China did pretty well, right?
Alan D. Wilson: Yes.
Gordon M. Stetz: That is correct, yes.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: So overall, I mean, we saw last couple of quarters the Industrial business was really hitting on all cylinders. Is there any trade-off between sort of Away From Home and at home going on in your opinion in terms of consumer spending?
Alan D. Wilson: I'm not sure I would draw necessarily that trend at this point. It's something that we watch, but I don't know that we've seen a measurable enough impact to really say that at this point. I think it's more the internal work that our teams are doing in the Consumer business there.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question is from the line of Robert Moskow of Crdit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just curious about the comment about reinvesting into advertising. It sounds like you want to reinvest a little bit more than the $15 million that you targeted for the year. But for the incremental dollar of reinvestment, Alan, would you -- is that the best place to put it, or is it in India or Poland? And are there places to put it in those 2 markets? If you had the incremental dollar to put it in there, what kind of activities would you put it in, in those 2 markets?
Alan D. Wilson: Well, for short-term investments, media, either whether -- either digital TV or TV or where we have the opportunity to spend, we'd seem to be -- we tend to be more developed in our developed markets in being able to do that. Our programs were set, and it's easy to add more incremental in either the EMEA region or in the U.S. to -- for that to be effective. And in the smaller markets or in the newer markets, we're less positioned with programs that we can pull the trigger on, in -- on the short term. Long term, we -- long term, by the way, we are investing in Poland. We are -- we're investing in India as well. But for the short term, we tend to develop -- we tend to focus more on our developed markets.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, I think I get that. And then a follow-up. Your guidance says that because of the tough global environment, you want to be a little more cautious in your guidance here, I guess. But your organic sales here have been outstanding all year with -- and this quarter, your volume mix would have been up 3%, pricing up 4.5%, if not for the pull-forward. So what's to be cautious about?
Gordon M. Stetz: Well, I guess, I mean, just pointing back to some of the comments we made earlier, in particular, we are up against some comparisons in the Industrial side in Asia/Pacific that is creating some level of caution for us as we head into the fourth quarter. And again, we are still looking at a world in which we see consumer stress and uncertainty, and that always gives us a moment to pause. And then as we -- I guess I'll just point finally to the comments earlier on the potential to reinvest.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then, Gordon, just so we get the top line right for fourth quarter, because of the pull-forward last year, your volume mix was only up about 1%. So for fourth quarter this year, should we take the full shift and assume that you have a 2% easy comp, or I think 2% or 3% easy comp in fourth quarter on volume mix?
Gordon M. Stetz: Yes, certainly that -- the fact that it was pulled in would give us an easier comp in -- versus the prior year because of that $10 million. That would be as it relates to the U.S. consumer. The other thing that I would suggest that we need to keep in mind as well is we're going to anniversary the acquisitions. We do have continued pressure from FX, and we're starting to anniversary the price increases from last year in certain markets. So I would just -- I'd also have that in mind as well.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. So the pricing won't be quite as robust as it was year-to-date?
Gordon M. Stetz: That is correct. Because if you recall, part of the whole reason for that $10 million shift is we started to implement that in the fourth quarter of last year.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. So should we think in terms of the mix of this more volume than price in fourth quarter, or maybe even?
Gordon M. Stetz: You would certainly expect a little bit of both, but relative to prior quarters where -- or this quarter, I should say, you'd expect some more volume.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Ann Gurkin with Davenport and Company.
Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: Just following up on the repatriation of cash. Why now? Is there a change in potential acquisitions? Or can you help me understand the timing of that?
Gordon M. Stetz: We're constantly evaluating our capital structure, Ann, and opportunities for us to improve our overall cost of capital. And as a result of that, as we evaluate and we look at our future cash needs and the current programs we have here in the U.S., we felt now is a good time to pull some of that cash back.
Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. As we think about next year, can you comment on expectations for input cost, commodity cost, anything we should watch out for?
Alan D. Wilson: Yes, we certainly expect commodity cost to be up, and we're putting our budgets together now, so it's kind of early, but we would expect something in the low single-digits in terms of cost of goods inflation.
Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay, great. And then third, I'm just curious, consumer behavior in the U.S., are you seeing any changes in impulse purchases, any change in consumer behavior?
Alan D. Wilson: I wouldn't say anything dramatic. I mean, we saw the real short-term issue in the first part of the year, but I don't think we're seeing any major trend changes at all.
Operator: Our next question is from Chuck Cerankosky with Northcoast Capital -- actually, Northcoast Research.
Charles Edward Cerankosky - Northcoast Research: Somebody just asked about the inflation outlook for COGS, but any other thoughts about the volatility of raw material product supplies over the next couple of quarters?
Alan D. Wilson: We're watching that all the time, because, as you know, we're sourcing from some potentially volatile areas of the world. We don't see anything that would suggest that we're going to have major supply disruption. But we're always managing that and staying -- trying to stay ahead of that, as we always do, with our global sourcing team. So we make decisions on bringing in more inventory when we expect something to happen or we expect a weather event that may cause some change in yield. So we're always monitoring that. But we don't see anything immediately that's going to be a major impact.
Charles Edward Cerankosky - Northcoast Research: And, Gordon, the press release mentioned a reduced investment in working capital this quarter versus a year ago, but your inventories are still at a strategically built-up level, I would gather, the $628 million.
Gordon M. Stetz: Yes, clearly last year, we were building inventory for, as you recall, 2 primary reasons. One was the impact of price on the purchase of raw materials and the other was a strategic inventory build as well. We don't reveal specifically our position, but we still have a view on that. And as a result, we do carry some strategic inventory. But that, you build and then you maintain or you roll a little off or you add a little bit to it, so year-on-year, the growth rate is not as dramatic, obviously. And if you look at the increase of the inventory versus prior year, about half of it, after you adjust for FX, is going to be related to the acquisitions we did in the fourth quarter of last year. And the rest of it would be price and some -- what's left of whatever the strategic inventory build was.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Andrew Lazar of Barclays Capital.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I just wanted to ask a quick question about the frozen space. It's an area overall that's been the last couple of years, right, a pretty rough place, it's a pretty fragmented space. It's been pretty price-competitive. And again, I'm talking about broadly speaking, right, across sort of the frozen space. But you've had some -- obviously, you've come up with some interesting entries here of late, obviously, in some of the key niches in which you operate. So I'm just trying to get a sense of what you see is the opportunity there, at least for you, because that seems to buck the trend a little bit of the broader trends we've seen in this space overall.
Alan D. Wilson: Yes, what we're trying to do is deliver the core products that we -- that makes sense for us in a frozen format that makes -- that gives the consumers convenience and value. We're not trying to be 10-for-10s on frozen lasagna or anything like that. We're really niche-focused on the specialty items that we have, like Thai Kitchen and Zatarains, that we believe we can make a difference in. So by staying focused that way, we're kind of going against those trends. We recognize we have to continue to innovate and bring new products and keep that fresh. But that's our strategy in frozen. It's not to be a 30% supplier or a 30% share. It's really to augment those regional businesses that we have.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And as you see it, in those sort of sub-segments of sort of the frozen space, if we were to look at the data that we have access to, I assume we'd see growth rates and whatnot that look, I guess, perhaps very different than one would see if you just looked at the overall, the broader frozen entre category or something like that. Is that a fair statement?
Alan D. Wilson: That's correct. And just to put it in perspective, our size in frozen would probably be a rounding error in a lot of those big companies. It's a pretty small business. It's good for us, it's great for Zatarains, but it's pretty small relative to the overall category.
Operator: Our next question is a follow-up from the line of Thilo Wrede of Jefferies & Company.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Yes, I just had one quick follow-up. I think in the press release and also in your prepared remarks, you talked about the innovation in Europe and how that will help to counter the negative economic trends there. Does that mean that the innovation is geared more towards value products, and if that's the case, what impact would that have on margin?
Alan D. Wilson: No, it's actually a combination of things. It's -- we've got a pretty good stable of dessert aid [ph] products with Vahin in France, and then a lot of what we're doing both in France and the U.K. is launching against some of our global platform. So we launched, for instance, Grill Mates in the U.K. We have launched Recipe Inspirations across Europe and Bag 'n Season across Europe. So it really is bringing our product platforms much actually less value focus than product innovation -- or than -- it's more about product innovation than it is about value in those markets. And we still have the value items that we are advertising, but it's more around the value of the cost of the meal as opposed to we're going to try to sell stuff really, really cheap.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: So in a difficult economic environment, the approach is still if you have the product on the shelf, it should sell and you don't need to do anything in particular to push these product?
Alan D. Wilson: We still have a level of promotional activity, and we have been promoting, especially behind our recipe mix, our dry seasoning mix items in those markets. But our product innovation isn't necessarily geared in -- to value.
Operator: Our final question is from the line of Jonathan Feeney of Janney Montgomery Scott.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: I just had a detailed follow-up about -- to the Asia/Pacific Industrial business. And you're getting a lot of questions about that. I just -- could you refresh my memory or our memory about how the product actually works, how the revenue actually works? Do you -- yes, I mean, I saw the press release about the sort of the slowdown of the promotion of certain items by a customer, but do you get paid as products ship, typically, in -- even in an overseas Industrial business where there might some inventory taken on by the customer? What's the lag from the time people are eating a delicious McCormick-enhanced food service product to the time it hits McCormick's revenue?
Alan D. Wilson: Our revenue cycle is pretty much we bill it as we ship it. So it's not necessarily the way it's really seen [ph]. It's pretty much the same that we do around the world. So if there is -- but also the use-up on the kinds of products. Our Industrial business in Asia is predominantly a quick-service restaurant condiment or breading business. And so as we ship it, it gets used up pretty quickly in the restaurants.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay, and then so there's not really -- there doesn't really tend to be a big customer inventory issue?
Alan D. Wilson: No, I don't think so at all. I mean, the only place that could even happen is where we're shipping, for instance, a bread or to a chicken supplier that could end up in inventory there. But from our revenue standpoint, as we ship it, we would bill it.
Gordon M. Stetz: And these tend to be our higher-turn items in our portfolio.
Alan D. Wilson: Okay. Great. I want to thank everybody for your questions and for participating in today's call. McCormick has a great portfolio of products across our business segments, and we've got operations around the world that bring our passion to flavor to customers and consumers globally. In a difficult environment, we have a strategy that's achieving growth and building value for our shareholders.
Joyce L. Brooks: Thank you, Alan. I'd like to add my thanks to those who participated on today's call. Through October 4, you may access the telephone replay of the call by dialing (877) 660-6853. The account number for the replay is 309, and the ID number is 399044. You can also listen to a replay on our website later today. If anyone has additional questions regarding today's information, you can reach me at (410) 771-7244. This concludes today's call.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-06-27 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Joyce L. Brooks - Vice President of Investor Relations and Member of Investment Committee Alan D. Wilson - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Gordon M. Stetz - Director and Chairman of Investment Committee
Analysts: Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Gretchen Guo Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division Mitchell B. Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division
Joyce L. Brooks: Good morning. This is Joyce Brooks, McCormick's Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you for joining today's call to review the company's second quarter financial results and 2012 outlook. We have posted a set of slides to accompany today's call at our website, ir.mccormick.com. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, the conference is being recorded. With me on today's call are Al Wilson, Chairman, President and CEO; and Gordon Stetz, Executive Vice President and CFO. Mike Smith, formerly Vice President, Treasury and Investor Relations, who participated in our past 2 calls, recently accepted the role of CFO of our EMEA region and is in the process of relocating to U.K. Our remarks this morning will be brief so that we have time for your questions and can start to wrap up around 8:50 a.m., allowing time for those who plan to join the General Mills call at 9 a.m. As a reminder, today's presentation contains projections and other forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from those projected. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or other factors. As seen on Slide 2, our forward-looking statement also provides information on risk factors that could affect our financial results. It's now my pleasure to turn the discussion over to Alan.
Alan D. Wilson: Thanks, Joyce. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. I'm pleased to report we achieved a fifth consecutive quarter of double-digit sales growth and delivered a solid profit performance for the second quarter of fiscal 2012. These results demonstrated our progress with a number of key growth initiatives: product innovation, brand marketing, customer intimacy and expanded distribution as well as acquisitions. Through the first half of 2012, we generated $144 million of cash flow from operations. Importantly, we have turned the corner on our gross profit and material costs. After posting decreases in gross profit margin for the past 4 quarters that ranged from 120 basis points to 270 basis points, gross profit margin in the second quarter was down just 20 basis points. This was right in line with our expectation, and we expect to maintain this leveling out for the next 2 quarters as we're now lapping these deep material cost increases that began to impact us in the second quarter of 2011. By no means are we predicting an end to the volatility in material costs. However, we believe that we're now better positioned for the benefits of our Comprehensive Continuous Improvement program and our long-term shift in business mix to positively impact not only our gross profit dollars but our percentage margins. While the second quarter produced solid results, we continue to operate in a challenging environment with customers and consumers under pressure in many of our markets. The macroeconomic situation is also having an impact on our business and was most pronounced this period in our income from unconsolidated results, which is being impacted by the exchange rate between the U.S. dollar and the Mexican peso. We continue to manage through these challenges, adapting our growth initiatives and resources to maintain our momentum and effectiveness. In that regard, I'd like to share with you our latest activity in each of our 3 regions. In the Americas, we have grown Consumer business sales in a 6% to 7% range for the first 2 quarters of 2012. As you recall in the first quarter, our sales growth came mainly from pricing and our acquisition of Kitchen Basics in mid-2011. First quarter volume and product mix were down a bit on the heels of our fourth quarter 2011 pricing action. In the second quarter of 2012, as consumers adjusted to higher pricing, we have seen an improvement in volume and product mix, which was more on par with the year-ago period. We're helping consumers adjust and driving sales with value programs and driving category interest with new products. We have seen early signs of success with a number of items, including Zatarain's Frozen Meals for Two, Grill Mates blends, marinades and barbecue sauces as well as new McCormick Gourmet and McCormick Recipe mixes that allow consumers to easily prepare wholesome traditional meals for their families. In Canada, we've gained great retail acceptance for over 35 new products. As for the latest category growth, 52-week sales of spices and seasoning at grocery were up 3% in dollars. While our branded sales trailed this rate of growth in the grocery channel, our retail takeaway is up 5% across all channels for the latest 52-week period. We believe that this reflects some consumer channel migration as well as our own success in expanding our distribution in warehouse clubs, dollar stores and other alternate channels. The sales increase from our Industrial business has been even greater in the Americas, with 11% growth in the first half without any benefit from acquisitions. We have pricing in place to cover higher material costs and have had increased demand, particularly from customized flavor solutions to food manufacturers. Let's turn to Europe, the Middle East and Africa, our EMEA region. In Europe, consumer confidence is low. Austerity measures are adding pressure, and economic and political uncertainty persists. Given this backdrop, our business in EMEA has been performing quite well. Category growth is robust, driven in part by people eating more at home as a way to economize. In our 2 largest markets, the U.K. and France, spice and seasoning category sales were up 8% and 4%, respectively, in the latest 52 weeks. Category sales for homemade dessert category in France rose 5% in the latest 52 weeks. In each of these categories, we're also achieving growth which approaches or exceeds that of the category. While private label growth in dollars remained strong, a lot of this increase in the latest quarter came from price increases which are finally being taken on these products, closing the price gap a bit with branded products. Underpinning our sales growth is product innovation, including Recipe Inspirations, Slow Cookers and limited-edition recipe mixes, along with a number of new dessert items. We're supporting these new items with brand marketing. In EMEA, we are also growing sales and profit with some new distribution gains. Consumers are also economizing when eating out, and on the Industrial side of our business, this has been driving demand for our products in quick-service restaurants. We are also supporting the expansion of food service customers and food manufacturers in areas like Eastern Europe and South Africa. While effectively growing our business in established markets, our team in EMEA simultaneously integrated the Kamis business with all of our goals met. We are now beginning to implement several key initiatives, such as the conversion to SAP and the back up -- our facility expansion. Going forward, we're well positioned in Poland as consumers continued their shift from traditional trades to modern grocery where Kamis is strongest, and we're seeing accelerated sales growth for this business in markets like Russia and Romania. Turning to the Asia/Pacific region. I'll begin with Kohinoor in India, which we also acquired about 9 months ago. This business comprised about 20% of year-to-date sales in this region and accounted for about 2/3 of our sales growth. We completed the integration of this business in the first quarter and are excited about pipeline of value-added rice products that we developed and have prepared for launch by the end of 2012. In China, while we continue to experience quarter-to-quarter variability due to seasonality and customer promotional activity, the underlying growth is strong. On the Consumer side of our business, category growth was at least 15% for herbs and spices, recipe mixes and for a number of the condiments where we have a share, including salad dressings and jams. Our Industrial business is growing in step with the leading quick-service restaurants and food manufacturers that we serve in China. And across both business segments, we continue to expect double-digit sales growth in this market. In our other large market in the region, Australia, we're driving growth with new distribution for our Consumer business as well as product innovation, particularly in customized flavor solutions for Industrial customers. Across each of our 3 regions, it's clear that McCormick is achieving sales and profit growth in our developed markets, and our increasing presence in emerging markets is accelerating this growth, both organically and through acquisitions. To summarize, our strategy, our passion for flavor and especially our people are delivering high performance. We're effectively building and growing this business while overcoming the challenges of a tough environment. I'm confident that 2012 will be a year of success and record financial performance for McCormick. Let me turn it over to Gordon for more insight into our second quarter financial results and our latest 2012 guidance. Gordon?
Gordon M. Stetz: Thanks, Alan, and good morning, everyone. Alan provided some of the headline results for the second quarter. I'd like to begin with a closer look at each of our 2 segments, starting with our Consumer business. As seen on Slide 9, we grew Consumer business sales 15% in local currency. In a period of increased pricing, our volumes held up well, and we had another strong contribution from our 2011 acquisition this period. In the Americas region, we grew second quarter Consumer business sales 7% in local currency. As seen on Slide 10, sales from Kitchen Basics added 1% to our growth this period. Pricing was up 5% as a result of an increase taken in the fourth quarter of 2011. For the second quarter of 2012, volume and product mix were about even with the year-ago period. This is an improvement from the fourth -- first quarter of 2012, when we reported a 1.4% decline in volume and product mix in the period immediately following our pricing action. As consumers continue to adjust to the higher prices, we look for this stabilization in our core business to continue. We are helping this along with our brand marketing activity in the U.S. behind everyday cooking and baking items as well as programs for Hispanic consumers. Our new products are another important growth driver, and we are seeing early success with a number of items, as Alan highlighted. In Europe, the Middle East and Africa, EMEA, we grew Consumer sales 32% in local currency. Sales from Kamis, our acquisition in Poland, added 27% to sales this quarter. This was another period of improved top line results in our base business, which we grew by 5%. The increase was primarily from higher volume and product mix in France, the U.K. and smaller markets. Our initiatives behind new products and incremental marketing along with distribution gains are growing the sales of our brands and helping drive the positive category growth that Alan discussed. Consumer business sales in the Asia/Pacific region rose 64% in local currency. Kohinoor, our acquisition in India, added 59% to second quarter sales. The base business grew 5%, mostly from pricing actions. Those of you who follow us closely know that both our Consumer and Industrial businesses in the Asia/Pacific region tend to have more quarter-to-quarter variability, due in part to the timing of holiday seasons, marketing programs and, on the Industrial side, customer promotional activity and new product rollouts. If you recall, we had a very strong performance in the first quarter with Consumer sales in this region up 21%, that's excluding the impact of Kohinoor and currency. On this basis, sales for this first half increased 13%, with stronger sales from China and growth in Australia as well. Across all 3 regions, second quarter operating income was $89 million for our Consumer business, up 15% from the prior year, including the impact of a $4 million increase in brand marketing support. This is a significant improvement from the first quarter when the year-on-year increase in material costs led to a decline in operating income. Through the first half, we have increased operating income by 4% with the impact of higher sales and our Comprehensive Continuous Improvement program, CCI. Let's turn now to our Industrial business and start with a review of our sales performance. For this segment, we grew sales 10% in local currency. About 2/3 of the increase was pricing and 1/3 volume and product mix. This gross -- growth was all organic as the 2011 acquisitions impacted only our Consumer business. On Slide 15, Industrial sales in the Americas rose 10% in local currency with a 7% contribution from pricing actions and 3% from volume and product mix. This period, the increase was led by new products and increased demand for customized seasoning blends for snacks and other products in the U.S., Canada and Mexico. For food service customers, volume and product mix was comparable to the year-ago period. Our second quarter Industrial sales results in EMEA was the fourth consecutive quarter of strong sales growth. We grew sales 12% in local currency with a 9% increase in volume and product mix. Demand from quick-service restaurants remained robust, and we are meeting this demand with product supply from our operations in the U.K., Turkey and South Africa. As indicated, our Asia/Pacific region has a fair bit of quarter-to-quarter variability, and we certainly saw it in the first 2 quarters of 2012 for the Industrial business. In local currency, we grew sales 22% in the first quarter, followed by a 1% increase in the second quarter. Year-to-date, sales in local currency are up 10% with increases in both China and Australia of sales for our multinational customers, including quick-service restaurants that continue to expand in this region. Operating income for the Industrial business was $33 million in the second quarter compared to $32 million in the year-ago period. While we delivered strong sales growth and CCI cost savings, these gains were offset in part by factors that included a less favorable mix of sales and higher benefit costs. Through the first half, we grew operating income for this part of our business by 14%, and operating income margin was 30 basis points higher than the first half of 2011. For the full year, we expect to achieve increases in both operating income and operating income margin for our Industrial business. Across both segments, we grew second quarter operating income 11% to $121 million, mainly due to higher sales and our CCI program. Gross profit improved sharply from the first quarter. If you recall, gross profit margin in that period declined 270 basis points from the year-ago period as we continued to face steep year-on-year material cost increases. As indicated, we expected this year-on-year comparison to improve as we headed into the next 3 quarters of 2012. Gross profit margin in the second quarter was 39.5%, down just 20 basis points from the prior-year period. Pricing actions and CCI cost savings are not only offsetting the impact of higher material cost dollar for dollar but also leading to a more stable gross profit margin result, and we expect this to continue into the second half of the year. Also affecting operating income was our selling, general and administrative expense, which was down 10 basis points as a percent of net sales in the second quarter. As stated, incremental marketing spending was $4 million. When added to the $9 million increase in the first quarter, it is clear that the investment behind our brands has been skewed through -- to the early part of 2012 to support new product launches and seasonal activity. Heading into the second half of the year, our marketing spending is expected to be more comparable to the second half of 2011. Moving below operating income, interest expense was up from the year-ago period with the increase related to debt from our 2011 acquisitions. As a result of a discrete tax item, our tax rate for the second quarter was 28.7% compared to our guidance of 30% and the prior-year period at 31.1%. Income from unconsolidated operations was one area that came in below our expectations. We are being impacted by the exchange rate between the Mexican peso and the U.S. dollar, not only in the translation of earnings from our McCormick-to-Mexico joint venture but in the transaction impact for the purchase of soybean oil. Across all joint ventures, income from unconsolidated operations ended the quarter at $3.9 million, down from $6.1 million in the year-ago quarter. As this year-on-year declined again in the fourth quarter of 2011, we expect income from unconsolidated operations to also be down from the year-ago period, at least through the third quarter of 2012, bringing our outlook for the full year to a decrease of at least 20%. At the bottom line, we reported earnings per share of $0.60, a 9% increase from $0.55 in the second quarter of 2011. Higher operating income was the primary factor behind our product growth, as shown on Slide 22. Let's turn next to our cash flow and May 31 balance sheet. Year-to-date, cash flow from operations was $144 million compared to $36 million in the first half of 2011. The improvement was mainly due to a much lower increase in inventory this period. It also included the unfavorable impact of a $16 million increase in pension plan contributions made in the first quarter of 2012. Through the first half, we used $69 million of cash to repurchase 1.3 million shares. At quarter end, we had $201 million still available on our $400 million authorization. Our balance sheet remains strong. Inventory was about even with our November 30 balance and was lower sequentially from $640 million at the end of the first quarter. I am pleased to see this moving in the right direction as we begin to work down some of our strategic inventory and gain traction with our new inventory management processes in North America. As a final topic, I want to review our latest 2012 guidance, as shown on Slides 24 and 25. With strong sales results through the first half, we reaffirm our expectation to grow sales 9% to 11% in local currency for the fiscal year. Based on prevailing foreign currency rates, we are still estimating an unfavorable currency impact of 2% for the year. I want to point out that this implies a sales headwind of about 3% in the second half, given that the currency impact in the first half was a negative 0.9%. We are increasing our 2012 plans for incremental brand marketing support to approximately $15 million from our prior guidance of at least $10 million. With our heavier spending in the first half behind new product introductions and other programs, marketing activity in the next 2 quarters will be more consistent with the second half of 2011. At the operating income line, we are reaffirming a 9% to 11% increase, and we continue to project earnings per share of $3.01 to $3.06. Keep in mind that we expect the 2012 increase in earnings per share to be more significant in the fourth quarter than the third quarter. As I indicated, we are expecting another decline in income from unconsolidated operations at least through the third quarter of 2012. In addition, we anticipate that some items in the year-ago comparison that will affect our 2012 EPS growth rate for the third and fourth quarters. First, we reported acquisition-related transaction costs in the fourth quarter of 2011, which lowered earnings per share by $0.05. And second, we had an estimated $10 million of customer purchases in advance of our fourth quarter 2011 price increase, shifting sales from the fourth quarter 2011 into the third quarter of 2011. If anyone needs more details on these year-ago items, Joyce can help you after the call. To summarize, we have good momentum as we head into the second half of our fiscal year. While the global operating environment remains difficult, McCormick employees are up to the challenge, and together, we are executing effectively in our operations around the world. Let's turn now to your questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from the line of Ken Goldman of JPMorgan Chase.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I jumped on a little late, so forgive me if you addressed this. But can you talk a little bit about the environment in China, both on the Consumer and Industrial side for you right now?
Alan D. Wilson: Yes, the environment is still pretty healthy in China. What you saw in the second quarter was -- what had looked like a slowdown from first quarter, the reality is we were up against a price increase from last year in the Consumer business which kind of impacted it. As I talk to people about China, what I'm hearing from people that are in heavy industry is that they're seeing some slowdown in the Chinese economy, but people in the consumer space are still seeing pretty robust growth. And that's what we're seeing.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then in the U.S., I mean, you are able to maintain volumes despite taking price increases. Do you attribute that more to the category that you're in right now or more towards some actions that you're doing or a combination of both? Because it is unusual in packaged food to sort of see that environment right now. Most companies are reporting volume declines. Just curious how you think about that.
Alan D. Wilson: We saw a short-term volume decline, as we always do, when we took pricing, and I think what we're seeing now is a little bit of a return to -- as consumers have gotten used it. And as they lived out of their pantries for a little while, we're starting to see some return to volume. We're also continuing to put pressure on with new product innovation. We're advertising and have increased our spend. And I think we're fortunate that we're in a good business. There's no question about that, but we're also being proactive as we -- just to make sure that we give consumers reason to continue to buy our products. I think another thing that we're seeing is private label pricing has kind of started to close some of these gaps.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And then lastly, is there anything we should be aware of in terms of pepper pricing, or cost, rather, or anything that may force you to take your prices up or down in the near term?
Alan D. Wilson: Yes. There's -- we have -- pepper pricing is continuing to flatten but still is above last year. And so we have taken some additional pricing, but it's a lot more stable than it has been.
Operator: Our next question is from Thilo Wrede from Jefferies & Company.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: You've owned Kamis for 3 quarters now, I think. Can you give us a little bit more details on how plans are working to, for example, introduce more of traditional McCormick products, expanding more into other markets outside of Poland? Just a little bit more detail there.
Alan D. Wilson: I'm sorry, Thilo. Could you just repeat the question? It's a -- we had a little trouble online.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Yes. So you've owned Kamis for 3 quarters, and I was just hoping for a few more details on how the plans there are progressing, the plans are to introduce traditional McCormick products, expand into other countries and so on.
Alan D. Wilson: Yes. With the Kamis business, what we're doing is, one, we think there's a lot of leverage in the Polish market from good category management. So we're doing that. We're bringing product innovations that are working well in other markets under the Kamis brands in Poland, and we're continuing to expand distribution across Russia. In fact, we're very encouraged by what we're seeing with sales growth in Russia. So we think the Kamis brand -- we'll continue to market it as Kamis in Poland and Russia at this point, but we see it as offering a lot of opportunity for growth for us. We're very, very pleased with that acquisition.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: What kind of organic growth are you getting from Kamis right now?
Gordon M. Stetz: I don't have those numbers in front of me, but I know that we're right on our acquisition plan. But I don't have yet the numbers in front of me. I think Joyce can help with that.
Joyce L. Brooks: Yes, historically, it's been sort of a mid-single-digit rate.
Gordon M. Stetz: Yes.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay, and then last question, just about your guidance. So you're taking up your marketing spending to -- compared to what you had before. I think your JV income decline is more than what I would have thought previously, yet your EPS guidance is unchanged. Where is that money coming from?
Alan D. Wilson: Well, we just increased our CCI, obviously, as well. So we're reinvesting behind our businesses. We're generating more CCI. So that's obviously, giving us an opportunity to continue to invest behind our brands.
Operator: Our next question is from Alexia Howard of Alliance Bernstein.
Gretchen Guo: This is Gretchen calling in for Alexia. Just a quick question on Kohinoor. You guys mentioned that you have some new product launches that you're hoping to put through at the end of this year. I'm just wondering when would you expect that to start benefiting the top line, and how much benefit should we expect.
Alan D. Wilson: I don't know that we projected a top line result. But because that business is growing through a combination of expanded distribution and new products, that the products that we're introducing are products that are similar to our Zatarain's rice mixes. We're calling them Rice and Spice, and they're Biryani-type products that's -- that make it easy for Indian consumers to prepare staple kinds of meals. But we -- this is kind of a first foray into those value-added products in India, and so we're excited about it, but I think it's too early to project what we think the benefit's going to be.
Operator: Our next question is from Akshay Jagdale with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Just one clarification regarding your guidance. So you maintained EPS guidance despite lower unconsolidated income is because you now expect higher operating income for the year, right?
Gordon M. Stetz: Yes, we're still reiterating our operating income guidance at 9% to 11%. We obviously had a little bit of a benefit from the tax rate as well in Q2. As you saw, that helped to offset that weakness on unconsolidated. But given the fact that we are maintaining our range, you could imply that perhaps our operating income would trend towards the upper end, but we're still comfortable at that 9% to 11%.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just regarding the U.S. consumer and more generally on your brand marketing spending. I mean, what -- you obviously increased your marketing budget for this year. That talks to the confidence that you have in the returns you'll get on that investment. Where -- from a regional basis, is it more skewed to one area versus another? And can you talk about what you're seeing in those regions where you're investing that makes you feel confident that investing more will generate at least the same returns you've been getting in the past or more?
Alan D. Wilson: Yes. I mean, we continue to change our marketing mix to see -- to work on things that hit. So we're moving more of our money into digital. And some of that digital is regional, where we're working with specific customers on promotions to really hit consumers. By and large, our marketing spend is national. What we saw in the last quarter, as we're heading into the third quarter, is a pretty heavy spend behind our new products, for our new grilling products. We do have some regional promotions. We've got a big Old Bay focus going on right now in the Baltimore area. There's 50-plus restaurants that have special menu items, and we've got billboards all over the place that kind of tie into the 18 -- War of 1812. We are relaunching our dry seasoning mix products and have a number of new products behind that. So we have a fair amount of activity. Again, as you'll look at how we've increased our marketing spend, this is a consistent story that we've had over the last 5 or 6 years where we look to invest, but we continue to manage our mix so that we're getting the highest returns that we can.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Just one last one on gross margins. Longer term, I mean, obviously, you've -- you had this long-term target of increasing gross margins every year, but last couple of years because of input costs, we haven't gotten there. So what's the potential for gross margins longer term?
Gordon M. Stetz: Well, we still believe on a long-term basis and the key event would be a less volatile commodity cost environment, because that's what you just alluded to. In the past 2 out of 4 years, we've seen commodity cost 5 -- 2 out of 5 years. So -- but in a more stable environment, we would continue to believe the higher mix of the Consumer business would favorably impact that gross margin as well as the others that we have within the Industrial business, on focus on higher value-added products should favorably impact that as well.
Alan D. Wilson: Yes. The stable environment with our CCI efforts, a lot of that -- a lot of the CCI will find its way back into margins in a volatile environment like we've been in. We haven't priced to fully recover our cost. So we've used that combination of pricing and CCI to try and moderate the impact on margins.
Operator: Our next question is from Chris Growe with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I just wanted to ask you 2 questions. The first one, just in relation to the cost inflation for the year. I think you had indicated it was going to sort of step down sequentially each quarter. I just want to get a sense, this is a good gross margin performance in relation to that cost inflation. Do we -- should we expect the second half gross margin to be up, then, for the business?
Gordon M. Stetz: Well, we're still looking at stabilization of the gross margin. A lot of things play into that, product mix, portfolio mix, but we're not looking for a big rebound. I mean, you could see slight improvement as we progress through the year. But generally, the way we're looking at it is that it would be comparable to the prior year and be flattish.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then I just wanted to ask in relation to the U.S., you've had some pretty solid growth overall. Just in kind of studying some of the IRI and Nielsen trends, it's shown that your branded sales have softened a little bit, and private label has picked up by a little bit. I know we're looking at just kind of some unique channels. You're not looking at the all channel data. Have you seen that -- any kind of sequential weakening, basically, between branded and private label in your business?
Alan D. Wilson: I don't know that sequential weakening -- what we've actually seen is private label growing faster in grocery, and our brand growing faster in unmeasured channels. And so I think the consumer is going to some other places. Certainly, we're not happy about the results that we've seen in core grocery, and we're working -- we've got a lot of efforts to make sure that we're not losing share there. But what we're seeing is that we're holding share across the board, and private label is growing in grocery.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just the last one. Gordon, what sort of tax rates should we look at for the year? If you said it, I'm sorry I missed it. But is it around 30% for the year?
Gordon M. Stetz: The underlying rate, we continue to expect to be around 30%. Obviously, as you saw in this quarter, there can be a discrete item that pops up that can either be positive or negative, depending on the fact and circumstances. But the underlying rate, we're still looking at 30%.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Eric Katzman of Deutsche Bank.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I guess -- we just had our conference in Europe. A couple of companies preannounced their worse-than-expected trends, but you had very respectable results in France, the U.K. Maybe you could talk a little bit about why the outperformance and why investors should think that can continue. And then I have a follow-up.
Alan D. Wilson: Well, what we've seen in this year is good results behind the investments that we've made in the business with a combination of new products and supporting those with pretty solid advertising. Our homemade dessert item, the Vahin brand in France, continues to perform pretty well. And so while we recognize -- and I was in Europe last week, too, unfortunately not at your conference, Eric, but there is an underlying sense of a lack of confidence across the board and, I think, uncertainty. So we're just going to continue to do what we do with our products. But I do -- I absolutely acknowledge that it's a tough environment. One thing that is helping us is Kamis continues to grow pretty well in Poland. While the currency's weakening a little bit, it seems to continue to be a pretty robust economy for us.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. Well, the invitation to next year's conference is still open. But in terms of the M&A environment, obviously, this type of landscape makes for winners and losers. You're winning, and there's been a lot of companies over the years that are private that you've had your sights on. And I'm just kind of wondering, are you seeing a little bit more interest on their part, whether it's family-run businesses or parts of other larger companies where there's been an approach and maybe we should expect a little bit more activity?
Alan D. Wilson: Well, we have an active pipeline. And in our business, we know the businesses that are attractive to us, and we generally know the people that own them and nurture those relationships. I'd say, we still have a pretty active pipeline.
Operator: Our next question is from Robert Moskow of Credit Suisse Group.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: But I wanted to ask around the edges here. At the Industrial business, you said that there's higher demand for customized seasoning blends, and it's across a variety of geographies. Is that one customer introducing a new product across a variety of geographies? Or what is that specifically?
Alan D. Wilson: Well, it is -- it certainly -- our expertise and focus is on savory seasonings. A lot of those end up in snacks, but a lot of companies are investing behind new product innovation in snacks. But it's not specific to one customer. We're -- we are seeing a fair bit of activity from a number of customers. I'd also say, though, that while we have a robust pipeline, there's a continued focus from a lot of our Industrial customers on productivity initiatives. And in a lot of cases, we can help with those with our products and help them deliver great flavor with reduced costs. But where we really like to play is in the new product innovation.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: So are you in both of those things right now? Is that what you mean, Alan?
Alan D. Wilson: Yes. I think our efforts are pretty split.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, okay. Can you talk a little bit more about Kohinoor? Are you on plan in India as well as Poland? We heard from Hershey's saying that they've had troubles there, and they aren't the first. What are you finding about -- that's unique about that market? It just seems that selling spice and seasonings in a more value-added way would be a challenge, particularly in India.
Alan D. Wilson: We're pretty much on plan with our business in India. Certainly, the environment is a little more volatile, and the way we think about India is really as a long-term, great, growing market. And we know it's not going to be smooth. There'll be some bumps along the way, but we're pleased with where we are so far in that business and excited about the prospects as we invest in new products. But remember, our core business in India isn't selling spices to Indians. We're selling higher-value-added rice products, and we're selling through our joint venture in Southern India more value-added blends. So it's less about selling those core spices, which are available on every street, and more about selling value-added products.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, all right. And lastly, CapEx. Your CapEx spend is flat versus a year ago for the first 6 months. I think I would expect it to be a little bit higher, I think, because now you have those acquisitions. What is your CapEx guidance again for this year? And at some point will you need to increase capacity and CapEx spending for those deals?
Gordon M. Stetz: Yes. Actually, we are still forecasting in $100 million to $110 million in CapEx spending. I know it's not reflected yet at the beginning part of the year, but we're still projecting that. And it does reflect what you just said, Rob. To some extent, it's organic growth in some of our emerging markets, where we actually are adding capacity because of the growth that we've experienced in places like China, and in other cases, it is through the integration of our new acquisitions and just by virtue of the fact that these acquisitions themselves had a CapEx budget that we now have included.
Alan D. Wilson: Yes. We've got a new technical center and a plant expansion in Guangzhou that will be online later in the year. We're starting to work on plant expansion in Poland. So there's a fairly good investment program that we expect it'll be right in line with our capital forecasts.
Operator: Our next question is from Ann Gurkin of Davenport & Company.
Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: Just want to follow up a little bit on a couple of items. One, you've mentioned strong trends in the QSR channel. Has that changed at all? Has that trend either accelerated or changed?
Alan D. Wilson: I don't think it's changed very much. I think there was -- within QSR, there are companies that are doing well and companies that are struggling a little bit. Remember, we're pretty well invested in QSR in most of our major markets in the U.S. and Europe and in China. So we're continuing to see good growth in China. We had some volume wins in the U.S. which we're seeing that are reflecting. So it's not necessarily that the customers are growing as much as we had some share gains. So I don't think that there's a major change in that trend.
Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then when we attended your Investor Day, I thought the discussion about your global management board was interesting. Are there other any new developments coming out of that global management board?
Alan D. Wilson: Well, we're continuing to invest in -- we really use that as our key source of executive development, and we're continuing to invest in that. Our boards are ongoing, and they bring us projects that either help us grow our business or reduce our costs. So it's an -- it really is an ongoing effort, and they're working on some of the big strategic projects for the company.
Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then finally, I always ask about the fall bake season. How is it -- how's the selling going?
Alan D. Wilson: We're pretty encouraged. We really feel like we're locked for a good fall season. Obviously, we need the -- a return to more traditional weather. But I would say that we feel like our plans are well in place.
Operator: Our next question is from Mitch Pinheiro of Janney Montgomery Scott.
Mitchell B. Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Yes. A couple sort of follow-ups. Just regarding brand marketing support. Where is that focused for the upcoming quarter and maybe the second half? And then how does that -- are we talking above the line or below the line or both?
Alan D. Wilson: Well, it's a little bit of both. I mean, we certainly, as we always do, are looking at some value programs. Some of that is what we would call, I guess, below the line, where we're investing in advertising, reminding people the value of our products. There are some promotional activity. There always is. I would say the promotional activity is much higher than it is in previous periods. But the real effort is in -- is making sure that we're communicating about our new products. And as we head into the fall season, we've got a good campaign on Grill Mates right now. We've got a good campaign on Old Bay and Zatarain's and the new products for Zatarain's in the U.S. And then in the fall, we'll be emphasizing the baking products and then as we head into Christmas, more of the holiday meal kind of products.
Gordon M. Stetz: Just to add to that, Mitch, last year, if you recall, we incrementally spend in the fourth quarter against holiday, and it was approximately about a $10 million increase versus the prior year in advertising and promotion. And that was a function of the good result that we saw from the holiday programs in prior years. So we're going to be hitting holiday again hard this year.
Mitchell B. Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: But it will be -- will it be sort of at the same rate as last year?
Gordon M. Stetz: Yes. The back half would be generally at the same spending levels as last year, up slightly.
Mitchell B. Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay. How did -- I mean, you sort of mentioned this earlier. But how did your alternative channels perform versus the traditional food-drug en masse?
Alan D. Wilson: Well, a little stronger than the traditional grocery.
Mitchell B. Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then in -- when you look at within your core spice business in the U.S., how did the -- your traditional single spice business do compared to your seasoning blends and those sort of higher-value-added products?
Gordon M. Stetz: Over the last 13 and 52 weeks, volume was down a bit in grocery on core items. Dry seasoning mixes were also down a bit. In spices, we made that up with the other channels. In dry seasoning mixes, that's a category that we're in the process of refreshing and, we believe, need some renewed investment. Now dry seasoning mixes are coming off a couple of years of really strong growth as the economy weakened. So we may be reverting a bit to the mean, but we're continuing to invest. That's an important business for us, and we get a lot of great new products and new packaging that we're in the process of introducing.
Mitchell B. Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay. Last question is also -- if you could just remind me sort of where -- in your CCI cost-savings program, where you're focused, where you're seeing the incremental savings emanating from.
Gordon M. Stetz: As you may recall, back in March, we took it up, this year's to $45 million. And generally, what we're still seeing is about a 60-40 split between Consumer and Industrial on those, and still about 75%, 80% would hit the cost of goods sold line, and the rest would be hitting SG&A.
Operator: Our final question is from Andrew Lazar of Barclays Capital.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I know we're up against the time. So just a quick follow-up. You had mentioned already about some of the trends you've seen around alternate channels and your performance there versus private label and others. We all get the expanded outlet coverage data this coming week, or Monday, basically. Anything you would basically tell us to sort of look for, insight do you think we should be looking for out of that expanded coverage data? And if it's really the same as what you've already said, that's fine. But if there's anything else we should be looking at in general, I would love to hear it.
Alan D. Wilson: Yes. I think we've been pretty transparent on what we do expect to see. I mean, I think from our -- I can't speak to any other category but ours, but I would say that we would see a little stronger performance as you see that expanded data versus what you're currently seeing. With no other questions, I want to thank everybody for participating in the call. I'm really confident that we're doing the right things and executing effectively to succeed in a difficult environment. McCormick has a great portfolio of products across both our business segments and our operations around the world, where we bring our passion for flavor to customers and consumers. As demonstrated by our financial results, we're delivering higher performance and committed to increasing value for our shareholders. Thanks, everyone.
Joyce L. Brooks: And I'd like to add my thanks to those that participated on the call. Through July 4, you can access a telephone replay of the call by dialing (877) 660-6853. The account number for this replay is 309 and the ID number is 394563. You can also listen to a replay on our website later today. If anyone has additional questions regarding today's information or any other questions, you can reach me at (410) 771-7244. This concludes today's call.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-03-27 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Joyce L. Brooks - Vice President of Investor Relations and Member of Investment Committee Alan D. Wilson - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Gordon M. Stetz - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President, Director and Chairman of Investment Committee
Analysts: Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division Mitchell B. Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Charles Edward Cerankosky - Northcoast Research
Joyce L. Brooks: Good morning. This is Joyce Brooks, McCormick's Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you for joining today's call to review our company's first quarter financial results and 2012 outlook. We have posted a set of slides to accompany today's call at our website, ir.mccormick.com. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, the conference is being recorded.  Joining us for today's call are Alan Wilson, Chairman, President and CEO; Gordon Stetz, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Mike Smith, Vice President, Treasury and Investor Relations. Alan is going to share some highlights from the first quarter of 2012 and how we are effectively adapting to the current business environment. Gordon will provide a review of our first quarter financial performance and discuss our 2012 financial guidance. After that, we look forward to discussing your questions and some closing remarks from Alan. We're planning a more in-depth review of McCormick's strategy and global growth initiatives at our April 17 Investor Conference in New York. I hope that you're planning to attend.  As a reminder, today's presentation contains projections and other forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from those projected. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or other factors. As seen on Slide 2, our forward-looking statement also provides information on risk factors that could affect our financial results. It's now my pleasure to turn the discussion over to Alan.
Alan D. Wilson: Thanks, Joyce. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. McCormick's financial results for the first quarter demonstrated the effectiveness of our strategy and growth initiatives. We grew net sales 16% with double-digit increases in both our consumer and industrial businesses. Over half of the increase was driven by very strong underlying sales growth, augmented by sales from acquisitions completed in 2011. We are particularly pleased with this performance given the current environment where consumers are confronted with a tough economy and higher prices. Our portfolio of businesses, united by our Passion for Flavor, is a real advantage in this environment. Across our consumer and industrial business, we're delivering flavor, regardless of whether consumers are cooking at home or eating out. For consumers eating at home, we're meeting demand for great flavor, convenience and healthy eating with product innovation, meal ideas and brand marketing support. In our industrial business, our growth with quick service restaurants was a key driver of first quarter results. These customers are expanding globally and, in this economy, are seeing increased demand based on their competitively priced menu.  A further balance exists across our 3 regions and with our leading shares in a number of developed markets, along with an increased percentage of sales in emerging markets. We have illustrated on Slide 4 the distribution of our first quarter sales across a number of emerging markets, where we are participating in strong sales growth. Including acquisitions, our sales in emerging markets were up 73% in the first quarter versus the year ago period. As a reminder, we also participate in emerging markets through our unconsolidated operations around the world. The rate of sales growth in the first quarter was ahead of our expectations, which led to an earnings per share result at $0.55 that was just above the guidance range we provided in our January earnings call. However, this bottom line result was below earnings per share of $0.57 that we achieved in the first quarter of 2011. As you recall, we anticipated a significant impact from year-over-year material cost inflation in the first quarter, which is expected to gradually improve in the next 3 quarters. Likewise, we expected income from unconsolidated operations to get off to a slow start due to unfavorable currency exchange rates and higher material costs and then improve as we progressed through the year. As we look ahead to the next 3 quarters, we are reaffirming the guidance provided in January, 9% to 11% sales growth in local currency and earnings per share of $3.01 to $3.06.  While we will discuss our growth initiatives in more detail at our April Investor Conference, I want to provide a few updates today with a focus on our consumer business. But first, let me just comment that our industrial business had consistently strong results around the world this quarter. In local currency, we grew industrial sales in each region at a double-digit rate, and this is all organic growth without any acquisitions. Our profit growth was even more impressive, up more than 30% on top of a 12% increase in the first quarter of 2011.  Let's turn now to our consumer business in the Americas. During the first quarter, sales in the U.S. have been an area of investor interest in the food industry due to weak December and January consumption data in many food categories for branded products and, in some cases, private label. McCormick was not completely immune from this weakness and our Americas consumer business was the one region that had a decline in volume and product mix in the first quarter due to lower sales of branded core items in the U.S. However, a number of our other product lines, Zatarains, Hispanic items, economy products and our consumer business in Canada had solid sales growth this period. While several factors may have adversely affected sales of our U.S. branded core items, we believe a leading factor was the initial consumer reaction to pricing taken during the preceding 12 months. The cumulative impact of these increases can be seen in our first quarter sales result for the consumer Americas business, which rose 7% from pricing. We also believe that a milder winter was another factor affecting sales of our core items this period, with reduced sales of recipe mixes for cold weather meals, things like chili and stews. In addition, the mild weather allowed people to get out to restaurants, and we saw the benefit of this in our industrial sales to the food service channel, which did pick up this period.  While we regard the effects of weather as rather onetime in nature, we're taking steps to reinforce the value of our products with consumers mainly through the redirection of our promotional funds. As an example, we're partnering with retailers to generate incremental volume using a portion of trade promotion funds to reach attractive everyday price points on shelf for key items, such as Grinders and vanilla extract. Recognizing that consumers are shopping in more stores and across channels to get the best prices, we continue to expand our presence in the dollar channel. We recently increased the number of brand and private label spices and seasonings that we supply to one of the leading chains.  The weak December and January have been followed by gradual improvement in sales of core items in February and March. This is a pattern that we've seen following past price actions, an initial reduction then gradual improvement. We're working to accelerate this improvement with our initiatives behind our marketing and promotional initiatives and further distribution gains across retail channels. Moving to our consumer business in portions of Western Europe. We operate in a challenging retail environment with large sophisticated retailers. In addition, many consumers in this region face high unemployment rates and, as in the U.S., are confronted with food cost inflation. For a number of quarters in the past 3 years, we've reported a decline in volume and product mix for sales in the Europe, Middle East and Africa region, EMEA, largely due to weakness in the U.K. and smaller markets in Western Europe. However, in the second half of 2011, we began to get some traction from accelerated product innovation and incremental marketing programs.  Our first quarter result with 3% growth is our third consecutive quarter with an increase in volume and product mix. In our 2 largest EMEA markets, the U.S. -- U.K. and France, 52-week consumption data for spices and seasonings shows unit sales of our brands outperformed private label. In the latest quarter, we achieved good consumer offtake due to new products and incremental brand marketing. In addition, we were able to convert the smallest store formats for our U.K. retailer to brand from private label, and we increased our focus on a range of value products now available in France. Our team in EMEA has been very effective, driving sales in Western Europe while working on the integration of Kamis and supporting the launch of our packaged spice and seasoning brands in Turkey. Let's transition over to our consumer business in some key emerging markets before I turn it over to Gordon. The integration of Kamis has progressed well, and we're making plans for an SAP upgrade and a factory expansion in 2013. As I indicated last quarter, we've begun to partner with retailers to optimize the Kamis product assortment and merchandising. Increased advertising in the period, running up to Christmas, has led to record category share for the brand, and we're benefiting from new distribution in Russia.  Moving to Turkey. Our McCormick-Yildiz joint venture first introduced a line of spices and seasonings co-branded Ulker and Ducros in July of 2011. The business ran its first flight of TV beginning in late December, along with outdoor advertising and a digital program on Facebook. As an aside, Turkey is the fourth largest country by Facebook membership. In less than 12 months, we've achieved a 10% unit share of the category in this market.  In Asia, our consumer business in China had an outstanding quarter during this holiday period, the Chinese New Year, boosted by incremental brand marketing. Our marketing plan has generated strong growth and share gains in the urban spice category. In the second half of last year, we began to shift our emphasis to brand building in China and the early results are very positive.  And in India, our Kohinoor business had a good quarter during a seasonally strong period tied to the new rice crop. We're implementing our innovation plan and expect to have new products ready to be launched through Kohinoor's extensive distribution network by the end of 2012.  To summarize, we're operating in markets with a variety of challenges and opportunities. Regardless of the market, developed or emerging, consumers want flavor and McCormick is meeting that demand. Across our consumer and industrial business, we're bringing passion to flavor at home or eating out. In closing, I want to recognize our leadership team and employees throughout the company who are behind our success in driving results.  Gordon is now going to discuss our first quarter financial results and latest 2012 guidance. Gordon?
Gordon M. Stetz: Thanks, Alan, and good morning, everyone. McCormick's first quarter results at the top and bottom line compared favorably to our initial outlook. The sales performance of our base business and acquisitions exceeded our expectations. And due to the leverage of higher sales and operating expenses, operating income was also ahead of our outlook for the quarter.  Let's take a closer look at each of our 2 segments starting with our consumer business. As seen on Slide 11, we grew consumer business sales 18%. In a period of increased pricing, our volumes held up well, and we had a strong contribution from acquisition activity in the first quarter of 2012.  In the Americas region, we grew consumer business sales 7%. As seen on Slide 12, sales from Kitchen Basics added 2% to growth, and the effect of currency was minimal. Pricing was up 7% this period with some incremental impact from a December 2010 price increase, as well as the pricing actions that went into effect in the fourth quarter of 2011. As a reminder, we estimated the December 2010 pricing increase shifted about $10 million of sales from the first quarter of 2011 into the fourth quarter of 2010. In addition, we had the benefit of new product introductions, distribution gains and incremental brand marketing support.  While we grew sales in Zatarains, Hispanic items, economy products and our clubhouse brand in Canada, as Alan discussed, we believe higher pricing impacted sales of our core items in the U.S. In total, volume and product mix was down 1% compared to the year ago period. In Europe, the Middle East and Africa, EMEA, we grew consumer sales 25% with a 26% increase in local currency. Our Kamis acquisition added 22% to sales this quarter. Against a weak year ago result, the sales increase in EMEA-based business was 4% in local currency and mainly due to favorable volume and product mix.  We are pleased to see our initiatives behind new products and incremental advertising gaining traction this quarter, particularly in France where we grew unit sales of both our Ducros brand of spices and seasonings and Vahin home-made dessert items. We also achieved growth this period in smaller markets, including Spain, Portugal and the Netherlands, as well as through export into the Middle East and Africa. While sales in the U.K. were down in the first quarter, we are encouraged by improved consumption data for our Schwartz brand in the latest 12-week period.  Consumer business sales in the Asia Pacific region more than doubled, and in local currency, were up 104% with Kohinoor in India contributing 83%. Excluding this impact, we grew first quarter sales 21% in local currency with increases in both pricing and volume and product mix.  If you recall, this sequentially followed a sales decline in the Asia Pacific region-based business in the fourth quarter of 2011. This rebound was led by a 29% local currency sales increase in China, which, as Alan indicated, was driven by incremental brand marketing and strong sales during the Chinese New Year and in response to our brand marketing. Sales in Australia also improved this period, due in part to the growth of our Aeroplane brand, which has exceeded an 80% share of the gelatin category in that market. As expected, first quarter operating income for our consumer business declined, ending the quarter at $81 million compared to $87 million in the year ago period. While we achieved strong sales growth and had the benefit of CCI cost savings, profit was unfavorably affected by significant year-over-year material cost increases.  In addition, operating income reflected incremental marketing investments behind our brands. For the consumer business, brand marketing support was up $10 million in the first quarter, with increases in Zatarains advertising, Hispanic holiday ads, support for new product launches like Recipe Inspirations in the U.K. and our brand building in China. Let's turn to our Industrial business and start with a review of our sales performance. For this segment, we also grew sales at a double-digit rate. In local currency, the increase was an impressive 15%. About 2/3 of the increase was in volume and product mix, followed by 1/3 from pricing. In markets around the world, we are having particular success with new product wins and increased demand from leading quick service restaurants.  On Slide 17, industrial sales in the Americas grew 15% in local currency, with 9% of the increase from volume and product mix and 6% from pricing. In this region, both the food service industry and food manufacturers contributed equally to top line growth.  Within the food service industry, sales of customized products to quick-service restaurants continued to be strong, and we saw improved sales of our branded food service products sold mainly to broad line distributors. This was an indication of more people eating out during December and early in 2012.  The increase in sales to food manufacturers was driven mainly by a number of new product wins, including seasoning blends for snack foods. During this period, we noted some weakness in demand for our products that flavor some core items of other food manufacturers. Our first quarter industrial sales in EMEA continued a track record of strong growth. We grew sales 10% in local currency with an 8% increase in volume and product mix. Demand from quick-service restaurants remains robust, and we are meeting this demand with product supplied from our operations in the U.K., Turkey and South Africa. We also gained acceptance for some new branded food service items in the U.K., which begin to ship in the second quarter.  In the Asia Pacific region, industrial business sales rose 27%, and in local currency, we grew sales 22%. Against a weak year ago result, the majority of growth was driven by a 19% increase in volume and product mix. This performance was broad-based, with higher sales in our largest market, China, as well as Australia and our industrial operations based in Singapore and Thailand.  Our multinational customers continue to expand in this region. While our quarter-to-quarter sales growth tends to vary, over the long term we are benefiting not only from this expansion but from our success with innovation that in 2012 includes syrups, beverage flavors and sandwich sauces.  Operating income for the industrial business rose 31% to $31 million as a result of excellent sales growth and CCI cost savings. Also, following a year ago program tied to our rollout of McCormick for Chefs in the U.S., marketing support for our branded food service items decreased $1 million. These factors led to improved operating income margin, which rose to 8.3% from 7.2% in the year ago period.  For the total business, first quarter operating income rose 2% to $113 million. As indicated in our January call and guidance and depicted on Slide 22, we anticipated that the phasing of our 2012 year-over-year material cost inflation would have a greater impact in our first quarter then begin to improve in the second quarter. While we were able to offset higher costs with pricing and CCI cost savings in the first quarter, gross profit margin declined 270 basis points, which, in turn, limited our operating income growth. The first quarter 2012 operating income result also reflected our $9 million increase in brand marketing support, although in total, selling, general and administrative expense as a percentage of net sales was down 100 basis points from the first quarter of 2011. With the debt related to our acquisitions, interest expense was up $1.3 million from a year ago and the tax rate came in at 30%, in line with both our 2012 guidance and the tax rate in the first quarter of 2011. Sales of our unconsolidated operations rose 8% in the first quarter. However, as anticipated in our January outlook, income from unconsolidated operations was below the year ago period, lowering earnings per share by $0.02. The primary reason for this decrease was the impact of higher soybean oil costs and a weak Mexican peso on our joint venture in Mexico where mayonnaise is the leading product. We anticipate the phasing of year-over-year material cost inflation to ease for the McCormick de Mexico business in the second half of 2012, and for the full year, we continue to expect income from unconsolidated operations to decline slightly from 2011.  At the bottom line, as shown on Slide 24, earnings per share was $0.55 compared to $0.57 in the prior year period. A $0.01 increase from operating income was offset by a $0.02 reduction in income from unconsolidated operations and a $0.01 reduction from higher interest expense.  Let's turn next to our cash flow and February 29 balance sheet. As a reminder, cash flow is strongest in the second half of our fiscal year due to seasonality of the business. In the first quarter of 2012, cash flow from operations was a positive $23 million compared to a negative $23 million in the first quarter of 2011. The improvement was mainly due to a lower increase in inventory in the most recent quarter. It also included the unfavorable impact of a $21 million increase in pension plan contributions in the first quarter of 2012.  During the first quarter, we resumed our share repurchase activity and used $42 million of cash to repurchase 835,000 shares. At quarter end, we had $227 million left on our $400 million authorization.  Our balance sheet remains solid although our inventory levels continue to be elevated. As in the preceding quarters, this higher inventory related to several factors. The majority of the increase was attributed about evenly to higher material costs and strategic positions that we've taken for certain spices and herbs. The remaining increase related to our acquisitions.  While we anticipate further material cost inflation this year, we expect inventory to level off and begin to decline as we work down a portion of our strategic inventory. In addition, we have made some initial progress with our new inventory management processes in North America, which will eventually be expanded to other regions.  Let's turn to our 2012 guidance on Slide 26. Based on our latest outlook, we reaffirm our top line projection of 9% to 11% sales growth in local currency. Based on prevailing foreign currency rates, we estimate an unfavorable currency impact of 2% for the year.  We had very strong sales growth in the first quarter and nearly half of the increase came from our 2011 acquisitions. We expect incremental sales of 5% to 6% from these acquisitions in the next 2 quarters, and for the full year, we expect acquisitions to contribute about 4% to our sales growth. Excluding acquisitions, we anticipate sales will grow 5% to 7% in local currency with a similar increase in the consumer and industrial segments.  We continue to expect our pricing actions to be a large driver of this 5% to 7% increase, with volume and product mix flat to up slightly. While we grew volume and product mix 4% in the first quarter, we recognize that we are operating in a challenging environment and that some of the factors behind this increase were unique to this period. We are also reaffirming a 9% to 11% increase in operating income and high-single digit cost inflation. As Alan stated, we now expect at least $45 million in CCI cost savings.  Our objective is -- to achieve earnings per share of $3.01 to $3.06 remains intact. Keep in mind that the year-over-year earnings per share growth should increase as we progress through the year, with the highest increase anticipated in the fourth quarter since acquisition-related transaction costs lowered earnings per share by $0.05 in the fourth quarter of 2011. To summarize, our guidance remains 9% to 11% sales growth in local currency, a 9% to 11% increase in operating income and a solid EPS result. We are committed to delivering high performance, achieving our financial objectives and building shareholder value in 2012.  Alan has a few closing remarks, but let's turn next to your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from the line of Akshay Jagdale with KeyBanc.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: I have 2 questions. First one is regarding sales growth and your expectations for the remainder of the year. You're really the first company to actually come out and say -- at least in the food space, to come out and say that there's a shift in consumer spending towards away from home, which is interesting. And I just wanted to isolate, as part of your better performance that you admitted in terms of sales growth, how much of it was related to that shift and weather? And the reason I'm asking is if sales growth was better than you expected, which you said, I'm just wondering why you don't have the confidence I guess to raise your sales growth guidance. So if you can give me a little bit of perspective on that, that'd be helpful. And my second question is regarding branding. And you increased brand marketing by, I believe, $9 million this quarter, which was well ahead of your guidance. But for the full year, you still kept the guidance the same. So I'm wondering if there's flexibility on that or if you're committed to not spending much more for the remainder of the year.
Alan D. Wilson: Yes, a couple of things. It's pretty hard to actually quantify the impact of weather, but we did see some impact in our consumer business, at least in the U.S., where a lot of the real cold weather items were dramatically lower than they were a year ago, things like chili and beef stew seasoning and things like that. The reason that we're a bit cautious is as we've seen fuel prices start to rise, that tends to have a fairly significant impact on people as they spend their dollars going out or staying home. So we're a bit cautious on that, and so it's pretty hard to quantify. On the second question on advertising spend, we're committed to continue to invest in our brands. Youll recall, we spent up pretty heavily in the fourth quarter of last year. And our pattern is if we see the opportunity to do that because we have pretty good returns on our advertising investment, we'll do that. But at this point, early in the year, with a small quarter, it's not the appropriate time to change our guidance.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: And just one follow-up. So you are spending more, it seems like, on your consumer business, which makes sense. Can you just talk about sort of -- in terms of the outperformance this quarter relative to your own expectation, would the business have outperformed even if there wasn't a shift to QSRs, for example? Like what -- was your consumer business sales growth in line or below your expectations? And how much of that do you think is because of a shift towards QSRs?
Alan D. Wilson: I would say that the consumer business was probably slightly ahead of our expectations, given some of the volume trends we saw early in the quarter when we were providing some guidance. So as we progressed, we saw stabilization and some strengthening. And it was pretty broad based. You saw the strong numbers in EMEA, as well as China and Canada and the U.S. stabilization. So I'd say, really, in terms of the outperformance, the consumer business was probably slightly ahead. I will say the Industrial business was very robust as well. Just to also highlight some of the things we're cautious about, if you recall in the prior year, we did have some weak comparisons in markets like China on the industrial side. So the strong performance in the first quarter, while we're very pleased with, it was against a weak year ago period.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Thilo Wrede with Jefferies & Company.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: You've now had 4 quarters of 5% to 6% price increases across the business, yet the gross margin decline you've had this quarter was the biggest since this inflation really started in second quarter last year. Shouldn't 4 quarters of good pricing give you a little bit more power to have less of a margin decline on the gross margin level?
Gordon M. Stetz: No. If you recall, and going back to the chart that where we've tried to illustrate this, is in the first quarter of last year, we were not yet experiencing the material cost inflation pressures. It was largely building up in inventory and also yet to be realized on the P&L. So as you recall, as we progressed through last year, the third quarter was down over 100 basis points and -- I mean, the second quarter, then the third quarter and fourth quarter were similar. So it really is a function of the timing of when these material cost increases started to hit us, and it started to accelerate as we progressed through the year. So we're looking at almost an opposite phenomena this year, where the majority of the increase really we start to experience in the first part of the year and then it starts to moderate as we progress through the year. And that's really what's causing the gross margin issue.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And was there any margin impact from that shift from food at home to more of the industrial business?
Alan D. Wilson: Well, there certainly will be because, obviously, it's a lower margin structure business relative to the consumer business. But as you saw, the industrial margins themselves were up over the prior year so that was helpful to the overall company margin structure as well.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then a few weeks ago, you put out a press release that you hired Dr. Cardellina as a scientist. I think the press release called out that he had experience with supplements and areas of the, I would say, food business that's not necessarily your core business. Is that signaling anything that maybe McCormick will move more into a supplement role, or is it just part of his resume but that's not the reason why you hired him?
Alan D. Wilson: No. That's part of his background. He's a very talented scientist, and he's going to help us tremendously in our flavor business. But there's no -- nothing to read in from his background.
Operator: Our next question is from Chris Growe with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I wanted to ask just to kind of come back to that cost inflation comments that you've made today, I guess, Gordon. Obviously, the peak being here in Q1, has it stepped down pretty meaningfully going forward or is it a gradual decline? I'm just trying to get a little bit of sense of the gross margin as we trend through the year.
Gordon M. Stetz: I'd say it's a gradual stabilization based on the way I just described how it played out last year.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then I was just curious, the QSR performance in the quarter. Is there any way to look at -- if you look at sort of the category trend, if you want to call it that, kind of how the QSRs broadly performed in the quarter, it was meaningfully better in Q1 than, say, Q4. Was that the majority of the growth that occurred for you? But I know you've also cited new product wins and distribution gains, that kind of thing. So I'm just trying to understand what was really driving the main piece of the growth in the QSR performance this quarter.
Alan D. Wilson: Well, the bigger turnaround in the first quarter was our food service business, and it was a combination of our distributor business and our QSR business. But that was a lot of what was happening in the U.S. industrial business. Around the world, it's a heavier QSR blend of customers.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. Again, that category trend picked up a lot in the quarter. Was that an important -- the most important part of the growth in the quarter then?
Alan D. Wilson: For the industrial business, it certainly was. Obviously, we talk about acquisitions and pricing as part of our growth algorithm in the quarter as well on the consumer side.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Sure, I was looking at the organic -- got you. okay. And then I have just one more follow-up if I could. And that was just in relation to price realization in the EMEA consumer division, I'm just trying to understand there, I'm sure you've taken pricing there in relation to cost inflation. Was there incremental promotional spending that may have reduced what the actual price realization that came through in the quarter?
Alan D. Wilson: We took minor pricing, and we took it in 2010 and early 11. So there was very little pricing in the EMEA business, and we did have a fairly heavy marketing and advertising spend.
Operator: Our next question is from Robert Dickerson of Consumer Edge Research.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: I just want to step back a little bit and kind of talk big picture. Because I know last year at CAGNY, you had a fairly extensive slide presentation. And it seemed like the larger strategy for McCormick on average was just by 2013, you could reach the 16% to 17% operating margin, and you had 20% margin in 2010. In consumer, you had 8%. In industrial, the goal was to get industrial to 9% to 10%. And then inherent within the plan, excuse me, was a continued shift to the consumer business on the top line. But I guess if I'm looking in the quarter and I realize that there is a little bit of a shift year-over-year because of the compare volume pulling into -- I mean, pulling to Q4 for last fiscal year. But in general, I guess -- so the question is, are we still on path to do that? Or could we see a scenario play out such that on an operating profit basis, there actually could be a little bit of not negative margin mix going forward but maybe not as positive as you thought considering commodities are still high? You're carrying kind of high inventories. And even though you have this outsized growth in the top line driven by acquisitions, frankly, consumer profits are still down 6%, which -- that's the second year in a row that your consumer division is down. So if I think about what's happening in consumer now and what's happening in the segment business mix now relative to longer-term plan I heard over a year ago, it just -- it seems a little off. So I'm wondering if you could just kind of provide some color on that.
Alan D. Wilson: I wouldn't read too much into an anomaly on one quarter. But what I would say is our strategies are exactly as we laid out last year. Now we've seen an awful lot of volatility in costs as we went through last year. Our costs were certainly a lot higher that we -- than we had anticipated in February last year. I'd say we're still experiencing that. You'll also recall in that discussion that the pricing is a very, very small part of our algorithm. But what happened in the quarter and in the time since then is that pricing has been much more a factor as we try to recover the margin. Our strategies are still the same. The acquisitions that we made last year were, by and large, consumer acquisitions. Doesn't mean we won't make industrial acquisitions going forward. But our strategy is still to grow our consumer business faster and drive the margin of our industrial business.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: Okay. So then if I think about the rest of this year even into next year, if we do actually see the input cost pressures ease a bit as we go through the year, I mean, is it fair to assume that you could see a little bit more of a margin benefit on the consumer side relative to what you get on the industrial side?
Gordon M. Stetz: Well. Certainly, as we progress through this year because of the volatility of cost, it may be tough within the consumer business. But on a go-forward basis, to Alan's point, the basic fundamental algorithm around faster consumer growth, improved industrial margin leads to an enhanced overall margin structure for the company. That has not changed. But again, back to Alan's point, these long-term goals can get interrupted for periods of cost volatility, which is what we're experiencing right now.
Operator: Our next question is from Anna Gurkin (sic) [Ann Gurkin] of Davenport & Company.
Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: I want to return to the step-up in marketing spend. Are you getting the return? And I guess I was looking for $5 million, and it looks like it was $10 million this quarter. So can you walk me through that a little bit?
Alan D. Wilson: Yes, we believe that we are. We had -- we were supporting new product activity in the U.S., as well as in the U.K. We spent a tremendous amount in the first quarter launching Recipe Inspirations in the U.K. and in France, and we've seen the sales results from that and we feel pretty good about it. But as you're well aware, we continue. We have a pretty disciplined process to monitor what's working and adapt our model to spend behind the initiatives that are working. This year, we're beefing up our spending in digital and mobile marketing. We think there's a great return there. We also have started to invest in China behind brand building to deepen our business there as opposed to just look for new distribution. So it's an overall mix that we think is going to pay out. But as you're well aware, we'll go back and adapt it to what's working from a return standpoint and put the emphasis where we think it's going to generate the best returns.
Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay, perfect. And then how does the acquisition pipeline look right now?
Alan D. Wilson: It's still active. I wouldn't say that there's nothing we can announce this morning, but it's still active.
Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then third, if you could just comment on Zatarains frozen entres. How are those performing, that's been a tough category, and how is that doing?
Alan D. Wilson: Well, for us, it's been a very good category. It's pretty well all incremental growth. We just introduced meals for 2 and they're starting to roll out now. And so we're seeing pretty good traction from things like Jambalaya and Blackened Chicken Alfredo. So it's -- that's kind of an area that we're excited. Remember, we're niche on -- in frozen. We don't think the world needs another frozen lasagna, and we're not trying to compete there. But the products that we have for Zatarains and even for Thai Kitchen are pretty exciting to us.
Operator: Our next question is from Mitch Pinheiro with Janney Montgomery Scott.
Mitchell B. Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: In the industrial segment, obviously the QSR was strong. What part of this is sort of sustainable on your -- and driven by sort of internal efforts, like the innovation you've talked about and that sort of -- the process of getting these new products into the QSR segment, and how much is just maybe economic-related? And then also, how did your broad line distributor business do in the quarter?
Alan D. Wilson: Sure. We've executed better, I'll say that. Now recall, this is one quarter after a number of quarters of a fairly weak performance in the food service channel. But that -- so we're feeling good about the result. We're cautious going forward again because of the impact to gas prices, but it's been driven by our new product wins, as well as some good performance by a number of our customers. Our broad line branded business in food service also did very well in the quarter, and it's kind of nice to see positive volume trends in that area as well.
Mitchell B. Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay. One last question is how are you progressing on gaining share within your largest strategic customers?
Alan D. Wilson: In the industrial business, we've continued to gain share. It's always a kind of a tactical battle because we do that by winning new product innovation, and that's where we've tended to win more than our share of briefs. There's some offsets to that as people are looking to reduce cost in our ingredient business, and that's less of an innovation trend. But we've continued to gain share with most of our strategic customers.
Operator: Our next question is from Robert Moskow of Crdit Suisse Group.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I was just looking at the -- how the quarters are supposed to progress for the rest of the year. And are you forecasting, like what my model shows, that you can continue to get 100 basis points of leverage on the SGA line for the rest of the year?
Gordon M. Stetz: That'll vary, obviously, by the timing of A&P spend. Obviously, it would have been even more this quarter without the A&P spend. So -- but certainly, we're looking for leverage on the SG&A line because of, obviously, the price execution on the top line and the leveraging of the acquisitions against the SG&A base.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then one follow-up. I can see, Gordon, how the gross margin comparisons are going to get easier for the rest of the year. But you're not really forecasting, from what I can tell, any gross margin expansion. Is it really just a catch-up as the year progresses? Is that correct?
Gordon M. Stetz: I'd characterize it as more of a catch-up as the year progresses. Things can impact that obviously in terms of the product portfolio and the segment portfolio so that's what can vary and cause it to go up or down in any given quarter. But I would suggest it's more of a catch-up. Our price increases take a full year outlook and look to try and recover after even we look at CCI, the cost increases.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: And your volume comparisons for second and third quarter, your currency comparisons for second and third quarter are going to get, actually, a lot tougher as well. Does that flow through at all to a tougher comparison in terms of operating profit growth? Or it seems like what you're saying is it really isn't a concern.
Gordon M. Stetz: Well, FX, as we've indicated, will be a negative to the top line, 2% on the year, and you're correct in that Q2 will start to be a tougher comparison. It's not the same impact on the operating income line as it is on the sales line. We have hedging activities. We also have cross-border flow of goods that we try to make natural hedges out of. But then obviously, we'll ultimately have a negative impact on the operating income line as well, just not as much as it is on the top line.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. So third quarter will be a much easier comparison than second quarter?
Gordon M. Stetz: Yes. Second quarter -- well, again, it's -- at current rates -- and rates, as you know, are volatile as well these days, but at current rates, second quarter is a tougher one.
Operator: Our next question is from Eric Katzman of Deutsche Bank.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Couple of questions. I guess, I think, Alan, you alluded to the U.S. food manufacturers that you supply as still kind of being weak as the quarter progressed. Could you just detail that aspect? Because obviously the other food manufacturers have been pretty negative and have not indicated any kind of recovery whatsoever.
Alan D. Wilson: What we see is a little bit of a lag behind their volume trends on core items. So I wouldn't necessarily read into our results what's going to happen with all the other food manufacturers. If we're supplying core items and the core items are weak, our sales are going to be weak. To the extent that we have new product innovation wins, even when their trends may be a little weaker, our trends may be a little bit better. I will say I do think everybody is concerned with the consumer reaction to pricing and trying to put programs in place to make sure that we can protect volume. You've seen a lot of announcements on increased advertising spending, and we're seeing some amount of new product activity that we think will help us, as well as help our customers.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then maybe you're going to go into this in more detail at the Analyst Day in a couple of weeks. But it seems to me on the consumer side that China is -- there's like some quarters where it's really great and then other quarters where it stumbles a bit. On the industrial side, it's been strong for a long time. But would you say now that China is -- maybe emerging markets are more of a focus, but China is better positioned to be more of a consistent growth area for you on the consumer side?
Alan D. Wilson: Yes. We certainly expect that it would. Now remember, China has a similar dynamic that the American market has except it's a quarter different. Our Thanksgiving-Christmas holiday is a heavy boost to sales for the U.S. In China, it's the first quarter because of Chinese New Year. So we do see some seasonality in that pattern as well. But we do think we're building a sustainable business in China and are really favorable on our brand building as we build consumer loyalty.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then last question, maybe more on the industrial side of things. I was just -- I was on a flight the other day and I randomly sat next to this guy who works for another food ingredient supplier, and he indicated that the manufacturers, the branded companies that he serves were really pressuring everything in terms of cost. And I guess that's not surprising given all the inflation. But to the point where the food manufacturers were really like wanted, to the extent feasible, to keep the taste profile the same. They were actually looking for lower quality ingredients to the extent again that the cost versus taste balance would -- could sustain it. So are you seeing that, and kind of how does that work into the improvement on the industrial side?
Alan D. Wilson: I would say every customer that we have has a fairly aggressive productivity initiative. And the way we try to deal with that is by offering alternatives that protect the flavor, and also because in a lot of cases, we can help them both reduce costs and improve their product. And so that's a lot of the effort that we have going. But I'd say every manufacturer and we're -- we, us included, have productivity efforts to try to offset these increased costs, because we recognize it's a combination of high cost and high prices and lower volumes are not a sustainable mix. And so we're all working on try to do that. But for the most part, and I'd say across the board, weve benefited from that but it does present some challenges for us.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Chuck Cerankosky of Northcoast Research.
Charles Edward Cerankosky - Northcoast Research: If we're looking at this process of higher raws sort of decelerating and the -- still the flow of price increases going through, how do you see it as affecting private label as both part of your sales mix and private label produced by competitors?
Alan D. Wilson: Well, what we've seen is private label pricing has gone up higher than brand pricing over the last 6 months or so, on a percentage basis. On the other hand, what we're seeing is consumers are very conscious of the prices they're paying, as we always do when prices go up and are making some trade-offs. So at least in the U.S., and I'll speak to the U.S., in our spice and seasonings business, we've seen private label gain some share, both in terms of dollars and in terms of units. In dry seasoning mixes, we've actually gained share. And then in our other major markets, Canada, the U.K. and France, we've gained share. So what we are seeing is private label manufacturers and us among them, passing through higher prices. And those higher prices are getting reflected on the shelf, but the consumers looking at an absolute price point on the shelf that they're making a decision on. And so I think we're in a bit of a questionable period from an elasticity standpoint. So we're very conscious of that and are implementing programs to help offset that.
Charles Edward Cerankosky - Northcoast Research: How about just looking internally, how has -- what's the shift like between your branded product and private label products in the consumer segment?
Alan D. Wilson: We've seen some shift, not necessarily to private label but some shift in volume to some of our economy brands. Our private label business has grown, but it's also because we won some new customers with that. So I wouldn't say it's been a dramatic shift in our mix of products from brand to private label. There's a little bit more from within our brands to our more economy brands.
Operator: Our final question this morning is for a follow-up from Robert Moskow of Crdit Suisse Group.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I think Eric sat next to the same guy on the plane that I sat next to because I had the same question. So I cancel my question.
Operator: I'd like to turn the floor back over to Mr. Wilson for closing comments.
Alan D. Wilson: Great, thanks. Thank you all for your time and attention. At McCormick, we're continuing to operate effectively and grow even in the challenging environment that we have today. We're adapting our product innovation and marketing to meet consumer demand for flavor, convenience and value. We're managing through this period of cost volatility with our pricing actions and our CCI programs, and we're expanding our presence in fast-growing emerging markets. Through our global operations, we have leadership and employees in place to deliver a year of strong financial performance for McCormick shareholders. Thank you.
Joyce L. Brooks: Thanks, Alan. I'd like to add my thanks to those participating on the call today. We hope to see you at our Investor Conference 3 weeks from today. Through April 3, you may access a replay of this call at (877) 660-6853. The account number is 309 and the ID is 389082. You can also listen to a replay on our website later today. If you have any follow-up questions, I can be reached at (410) 771-7244.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-01-26 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Alan D. Wilson - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Gordon M. Stetz - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President, Director and Chairman of Investment Committee Joyce L. Brooks - Vice President of Investor Relations and Member of Investment Committee
Analysts: Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Eric Serotta - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC Mitchell B. Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to McCormick's Fourth Quarter 2011 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Joyce Brooks, Vice President, Investor Relations for McCormick. Thank you. Ms. Brooks, you may begin.
Joyce L. Brooks: Good morning, and welcome to our review of McCormick's fourth quarter financial results and 2012 outlook. We have posted a set of slides to accompany today's call at our website, ir.mccormick.com. With me are Alan Wilson, Chairman, President and CEO; and Gordon Stetz, Executive Vice President and CFO. Also joining us for the first time is Mike Smith, who was named Vice President, Treasury and Investor Relations in October. Mike has been with McCormick since 1991 and brings to this role his experience in a variety of leadership positions, most recently as Vice President of Finance for a U.S. consumer business. This morning, Alan's going to begin with some highlights from 2011 and then discuss our perspective on the current business environment and McCormick's growth opportunities as we head into 2012. Gordon will provide a review of our fourth quarter financial performance and introduce our 2012 financial guidance. After that, we look forward to discussing your questions and some closing remarks from Alan. As a reminder, our presentation today contains projections and other forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from those projected. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or other factors. As seen on slide 2, our forward-looking statement also provides information on risk factors that could affect our financial results.  In addition, certain information that we will present today are not GAAP measures. This relates to financial results from 2010 that exclude items affecting comparability. We present this non-GAAP information for comparative purposes alongside the most recently comparable GAAP measures. Reconciliations of GAAP to non-GAAP measures can be found in the presentation slides for our call. It is now my pleasure to turn the discussion over to Alan.
Alan D. Wilson: Thanks, Joyce. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. McCormick's financial results in the 2011 fourth quarter were a strong finish to a year of solid growth and important accomplishments. We delivered these results in a period of volatile material cost and a challenging economic environment in many of our markets. Our financial performance demonstrated the resiliency of our business and the ability of our leadership team and employees throughout the company to adapt to the current environment. I want to recognize and thank our employees for their efforts and achievements. We grew sales in the fourth quarter by 13%, including a 5% benefit from our latest acquisition activity. Pricing rose 6%, yet we still achieved a 1% increase in volume and product mix. Product innovation, higher brand marketing and distribution gains helped drive the sales growth. Fourth quarter earnings per share were $0.98 compared to $0.99 in the fourth quarter of 2010. Operating income rose 4% despite $7 million of transaction cost related to acquisitions completed in 2011, which lowered earnings per share by $0.05. We also had an unfavorable impact from a higher tax rate, increased interest expense and a slight decline in income from unconsolidated operations. Gordon will go into more details, but if you consider these headwinds, we had solid underlying growth in earnings per share, which reflected our strong sales performance and significant CCI cost savings. For the full year, we grew sales 11% and 9% in local currency. This was well ahead of our initial expectation for 5% to 7% growth in local currency. Acquisitions were not in our initial range and added 2% of our growth for the year. Pricing added 5% to sales, above our initial projection, as we responded to a double-digit increase in material cost. In light of these pricing actions, we were extremely pleased with our volume and product mix, which rose 2.5% in 2011 excluding the impact of acquisitions. I want to spend a moment on our key sales drivers in 2011, and we'll start with Kamis in Poland and Kohinoor in India. These businesses are helping to reshape our portfolio of leading brands around the world with more exposure in emerging markets.  The integration of these businesses has progressed well to date, and we've maintained their pace of growth. With the addition of these businesses and our projected growth in China, Mexico and other countries, we now expect sales in emerging markets to account for at least 13% of 2012 sales. This is a significant increase from 2010, when sales in emerging markets accounted for 9% of sales. Keep in mind that we have additional presence in these markets through our unconsolidated operations. Income from these operations contributed 7% of our 2011 net income. Product innovation continues to be a primary component of our sales growth. New products launched in the past 3 years accounted for 9% of 2011 sales. Rather than 1 or 2 big launches, we achieved broad-based success across a number of our growth platforms. In our consumer business, we launched more than 200 new branded products in 2011, well ahead of our normal pace which is closer to 100. These included 6 new World Flavors Recipe Inspirations in the U.S. and the launch of this product line in Canada and the United Kingdom. Grinders is another growth platform, and we added new versions in the U.S., the U.K. and France along with an introduction of Grinders in China.  Our team in France developed nearly 40 new products, including an organic line of spices and herbs and a number of Vahin dessert items. One of our biggest successes was here in the U.S. with Zatarains frozen entres. Including new items, we grew sales of Zatarains frozen entres 40%, and our sales of these new items now comprise nearly 1/4 of our total Zatarains brand sales. For our industrial business, we had strong demand for new products from food manufacturers, particularly for flavor solutions that feature all-natural ingredients, reduced sodium, lower calorie and other healthy attributes. In the U.S., these types of health and wellness projects accounted for nearly 40% of our product development projects in 2011.  We're driving sales with brand marketing support. Promotion and advertising reached $187 million in 2011, up 12% from 2010 and up 72% from 5 years ago. As a percentage of sales, brand marketing support continues to rise, reaching 7.6% of net sales for our consumer business in 2011, up from 6.3% in 2006. About 1/3 of the 2011 increase was in digital marketing, one of our highest return investments in brand marketing support. We had an effective digital marketing program behind Grill Mates in the U.S. that contributed to a 7% unit increase in 2011. Support behind our Hispanic products in the U.S., including television and a sampling program, helped drive a 9% increase in sales of these products, which exceeded $100 million in 2011. 2011 was a particularly strong year for distribution gains. Wins included both brand and private label, with penetration of multiple channels: grocery, club store, dollar stores, drug chains in the U.S. and in Europe, grocery, medium and small store formats and discounters. Our industrial business continues to benefit from the global expansion of strategic customers. In 2011, we supported the opening of new quick service restaurant locations in China, the Middle East, Russia and for the first time, India. Cost savings from Comprehensive Continuous Improvements, CCI, is our fuel for growth. CCI is our ongoing effort to improve productivity and reduce cost across the organization. In 2011, our CCI cost savings funded incremental brand marketing support as well as helped to offset the unfavorable impact of increased material costs. Led by our CCI champions and with the engagement of employees throughout the business, we achieved $65 million in cost savings in 2011, a result that was well ahead of our initial goal for the year. Since we embarked in our CCI activity in 2009, our cumulative savings have reached $156 million. Our cash flow was clearly impacted by the material cost inflation that we faced in 2011. Cash flow from operations was $340 million compared to $388 million in the prior year due largely to increased inventory. The increase in material cost affected the value of the inventory we held and also led us to increase our raw material quantities of certain spices and herbs, which is how we hedge these items. As Gordon will discuss, we expect to improve our cash flow in 2012. We are committed to returning cash to shareholders and used $238 million of our cash for dividends and share repurchases in 2011. In November, McCormick's board approved an 11% increase in the quarterly dividend, our 26th consecutive annual increase. Including the dividends, our total shareholder return was 13% for fiscal year ending November 30, 2011. For the 10 years ended November 30, our total annual shareholder return has been 11%. This exceeds the return of the food group as well as the S&P 500 as shown on Slide 8. While we continue to operate in a difficult environment, we expect a year of strong sales growth and higher profit in 2012. While Gordon will discuss the financial outlook in more detail, I'd like to spend the next few minutes on the current environment and our opportunities for growth in the year. Based on recent discussions within the food industry, there continues to be a focus on higher material cost and the impact of pricing actions. So let's start with that topic. In 2011, based on the strength of our brands and our industrial customer relationships, we were able to offset a double-digit increase in material costs with a combination of pricing and CCI cost savings. Our most recent action was a price increase of about 5% for our North American consumer business products and industrial food service items. This went into effect in the fourth quarter and was taken in response to further material cost increases in the second half of 2011, which we expect to persist in 2012. The effect of this pricing action will carry over into 2012 with an anticipated favorable sales impact in the first 3 quarters. While the timing and percentage increase varied, we've taken similar actions in a number of our other markets. In order to gauge the impact of our price increases, we've been actively monitoring and analyzing consumption information. Based on our work to date, we can state that retailers have accepted the pricing actions on our branded products and have reflected them in shelf prices. Price increases have also been accepted on the private label products we supply. In addition, we've seen branded competitors take similar pricing actions. Based on our analysis of recent U.S. consumption data, we've seen some general slowdown, particularly in measured channels, in both the category and our branded sales. In addition, the rate of growth for private label has also slowed in recent weeks. Similar results have been seen in other food categories. Our shipment trends during this period for both brand and private label have been in line with these consumption trends. While other factors may be behind some of this near-term fluctuation, we attribute a portion of the trend in branded spice and seasoning volumes to our pricing actions. As those of you who have followed us for a while know, it's not unusual for us to see an initial volume impact following a price increase. In the upcoming quarters, we plan to reallocate a portion of our brand value marketing to more coupons and other promotional tools. We will monitor the situation closely as we expect this pressure on sales volumes to be a headwind in 2012, particularly in the first quarter results. As for our outlook for material costs, we expect further volatility in 2012. Based on the insights of our global procurement team, we expect our 2012 raw and packaging material increases to be broad based across our supply chain and then the aggregate to rise at a high-single digit rate. At this time, we believe we're priced appropriately based on this cost outlook and have no plans for further significant pricing actions in our consumer businesses. For our Industrial business, we continue to pass through increases on major commodities as well as on flavor ingredients, including spices and herbs. As explained in our September call, the pricing actions for flavor ingredients occurred with a little bit of a lag but have been accepted by our customers. Across both businesses, we expect to offset projected 2012 material cost inflation with a combination of pricing actions, including a carryover benefit from 2011 increases and CCI cost savings. Pricing is expected to add about 5% to sales. CCI cost savings for 2012 are expected to be at least $40 million. This year's projects will include the consolidation of one of our manufacturing facilities in Canada and the creation of wet product manufacturing for our consumer business in North America. This new capability will allow us to move production of Lawry's marinades from a co-packer in 2012 and establish a manufacturing base for our condiments, sauces and spreads growth platform. Even in this environment of higher prices, we grew sales volume in 2011. And in 2012, we have activity underway behind each of our 3 avenues of growth: base business, innovation and acquisitions. McCormick's leadership group will be discussing these in more depth at our April investor meeting, but let me provide a quick overview this morning. We'll be driving base business growth with brand marketing support. We're planning to increase our 2012 brand marketing at least $10 million following our $20 million increase in 2011, and our programs will continue to adapt to today's consumer. This includes another significant increase in digital marketing, more Hispanic programs in the U.S. and an emphasis on value to include targeted coupons. Our new products will receive a portion of advertising support to build new awareness and trial. For example, all major U.K. customers now have Recipe Inspirations on the shelf, and we began our advertising campaign this month. Also driving base business growth will be a carryover effect from some of the distribution gain in 2011. And in 2012, we continue to pursue new distribution opportunities, including further penetration of alternative channels and improving our category share. Our product innovation activity is also designed to build share as well as differentiate our brand. We have an exciting line of new products for our consumer business for the first part of 2012. In the U.S., we'll be introducing new Grill Mates rubs, marinades and seasoning blends; Perfect Pinch varieties that include Southwest Sweet 'n Smoky; Gourmet blends; 5 new Lawry's items, including Mediterranean Herb & White Wine Marinade; 8 new products under our Simply Asia and Thai Kitchen banner; and additional varieties of Zatarains frozen entres. To date, the restaging of our dry seasoning mixes in the U.S. has included product reformulation with natural ingredients and new advertising. In 2012, we'll introduce this next phase of this restaging, which includes new flavor varieties, new packaging design and new merchandising as well as an introduction of a premium line of gourmet dry seasoning mixes to prepare dishes like sweet basil and oregano bruschetta chicken. We also have innovative -- innovation underway behind dry seasoning mixes outside the U.S. with our limited addition items in the U.K. In France, our product development team has another busy year underway with plans for 20 new Ducros brand items and 10 Vahin dessert products. In China, dry seasoning mixes, jams and sauces will be among our new product launches. On the industrial side of our business, we have a robust new product pipeline in each of our 3 regions. Customers continue to turn to McCormick as they work to improve the health profile of their products and at the same time, deliver great taste. This month, we broke ground in China to create our Asian Technical Innovation Center, where customers can come to collaborate with us on the development of on-trend consumer-preferred products.  Our third avenue of growth is acquisitions. In our developed markets, we're seeking strong brands like Kitchen Basics that could expand our flavor portfolio. And we're expanding geographically through acquisitions with an emphasis on emerging markets. In 2011, we completed transactions that meet both of these criteria and have created strong momentum for 2012.  Kamis is off to a great start. The integration of Kamis is well underway, and we are already pursuing growth opportunities. One of these opportunities is to bring our category management expertise to this business. In the first 3 months following the acquisition, we've met with each of Kamis' top customers and in doing so, uncovered numerous joint opportunities to improve product assortment and merchandising. We also worked to build consumer demand during the holidays, delivering more television ads in November and December that will run in either of the previous 2 years. The integration of Kohinoor is also well underway. We've augmented the Kohinoor management team and completed meetings with each major customer to ensure that the new leadership is well received and meeting expectations. In 2012, this business will be continuing to build retail distribution against -- across India and develop new products for the market. And just briefly, to round out my remarks on acquisitions, for Kitchen Basics in the U.S., our 2012 focus is on product innovation and optimizing our brand position within the category of liquid stocks. In Turkey, in less than one year, our new joint venture has developed 42 items and achieved 100% acceptance of all Ducros brand in the modern trade. We are poised for rapid growth in 2012. Toward the end of his remarks, Gordon will discuss how these sales growth initiatives, along with our pricing actions, cost inflation and CCI program, will shape our financial outlook. But let me state that while we are cautious, given the continued volatility in material cost and the economic pressure faced by the consumer in many of our markets, I'm pleased with our prospects for growth in 2012. We have excellent opportunities and initiatives underway in each part of our business. I'll now turn it over to Gordon for a discussion of our fourth quarter financial results and then our 2012 guidance.
Gordon M. Stetz: Thanks, Alan, and good morning, everyone. Given the difficult economic situation that consumers are facing in many of our large markets, we were encouraged by our solid financial performance for the fourth quarter and operating results, which were generally in line with our expectations. In each of our 2 segments, we grew sales at a double-digit rate, with a 13% increase for the total business. Operating income was up 4% net of a 4% headwind from acquisition-related transaction cost, and we delivered earnings per share of $0.98 compared to $0.99 in the fourth quarter of 2010, including the unfavorable impacts of these transaction costs and tax rate. Let's start with top line growth and a look at our consumer business. As seen on Slide 14, we grew consumer business sales 13.5%, with a 12% increase in local currency. In a period of increased pricing, our volumes held up well, and we had a strong contribution from acquisition activity in the fourth quarter of 2011. In the Americas region, we grew consumer business sales 7%. As seen on Slide 15, sales from Kitchen Basics added 3% to growth, and the effect of currency was minimal. Pricing was up 7% this period with the impact of both our December 2010 price increase and the pricing actions that went into effect in the fourth quarter of 2011. Along with these price increases, we had some shift in sales as customers purchased product in advance of the increases. In fact, we were affected by an estimated $10 million shift into the fourth quarter of 2010 from the first quarter of fiscal 2011 and by an estimated $10 million shift into the third quarter of 2011 from the fourth quarter of 2011. So compared to the year ago period, these shifts in customer purchases created a $20 million headwind for us in the fourth quarter of 2011. This had an unfavorable impact of about 4% on consumer sales in the Americas region, a 3% sales impact on the total consumer business and a 2% sales impact on our fourth quarter sales for the total company. In the Americas region, volume and product mix declined 3%, which reflects the 4% unfavorable impact from the shift in sales, offset in part by a 1% increase in the underlying business. We are pleased with this result given the pricing actions implemented in 2011. In Europe, the Middle East and Africa, EMEA, we grew consumer sales 36% with a 32% increase in local currency. Our Kamis acquisition added 26% to sales this quarter, with the remaining increase mainly from pricing. Excluding Kamis, we had a 1% increase in volume and product mix. The primary drivers of growth this period were export sales into developing markets and improved results in some of the smaller markets, such as Portugal. We remain cautious in our business outlook in Western Europe. Our fourth quarter performance was solid in France, with increased pricing only slightly offset by lower volume and product mix. We supported sales of our Ducros and Vahin brands in this market throughout 2011 with incremental brand marketing support, distribution gains and a number of new product introductions. In the U.K., we continue to operate in a competitive retail environment, where private label share has increased in many categories. We have launched differentiated new products, such as Recipe Inspirations and are delivering enhanced promotional programs to offer value to consumers. We are also redirecting a portion of our brand marketing support to emphasize the value of our products. While these initiatives combined with the merchandising of our brands in store and execution of specific activities are showing encouraging results, we expect our business in the U.K. to continue to be under pressure in 2012. Consumer business sales in the Asia Pacific region rose 36% and in local currency were up 29%, with Kohinoor in India adding 33% to sales this period. Excluding this impact, sales this period were below the fourth quarter of 2010. A change in the timing of customer purchases in China led to a sales shift, which unfavorably impacted the fourth quarter of 2011. For the full year, in local currency, consumer sales in China rose 10%. For the fourth quarter and throughout 2011, our business in Australia has been challenged by a tough retail and competitive environment. Across the entire region, we expect solid growth in our Asia Pacific consumer business in 2012, led by new products, expanded distribution and stepped-up marketing in China along with the incremental sales from Kohinoor. Fourth quarter operating income for our consumer business increased $5 million to $164 million, with the favorable impact of higher sales and CCI cost savings offset in part by increased material cost and $7 million of transaction cost related to the completion of the Kamis and Kohinoor acquisitions. During the quarter, we invested an incremental $9 million behind our brands, with increased advertising behind Thanksgiving in the U.S., Recipe Inspirations in Canada, Vahin products in France and Grinders in China. $4 million of the increase related to our acquisitions. Let's turn to the sales performance of our industrial business. For this segment, we also grew sales at a double-digit rate. In local currency, the increase was 12%. McCormick continues to drive industrial business sales with product innovation and expanded distribution to support our strategic customers as they grow globally. On Slide 20, industrial sales in the Americas grew 11%, with 6% from pricing and 4% from volume and product mix. We grew sales to food manufacturers at a double-digit rate, with new products that included snack seasonings in both the U.S. and Mexico. Many of these products featured all-natural ingredients, reduced sodium, lower calorie and other healthy attributes for which we continue to see high demand. Sales to the food service industry also rose with the increase due primarily to pricing actions.  In EMEA, our industrial business had another quarter of strong sales growth. We grew fourth quarter sales 12% and in local currency, 13% as a result of favorable volume and product mix. We are meeting greater demands from quick service restaurants with products that we supply from operations in the U.K., Turkey and South Africa. In the Asia Pacific region, industrial business sales rose 29% and in local currency, grew 22%. Australia, China and sales in Southeast Asia all achieved strong increases in sales of new products, such as beverage flavors, as well as more basic ingredients, including pepper. For sales to quick service restaurants, we also benefited this period from their promotional activity and expansion in the region.  Operating income for the industrial business rose 5% to $28 million. This was a significant improvement from the decline in profit that we reported in the third quarter and due in part to our ability to get price increases in place for many of the smaller ingredients that are not part of the pricing protocol. This profit growth puts our industrial business back on track with a 5-year record of increases in operating income. For the year, industrial operating income was up 4%. In this period of material cost volatility, we are closely managing our pricing actions and cost pass-through protocol. For the total business, fourth quarter operating income rose 4% from the year ago period. This is after the effect of a 4% unfavorable impact from acquisition-related transaction cost. At the gross profit line, we achieved a 7% increase in gross profit dollars with the strong sales performance and CCI cost savings.  During the quarter and for the fiscal year, we were able to offset material cost inflation with a combination of pricing actions and CCI cost savings. Gross profit margin ended 2011 at 41.2%, down 130 basis points from 42.5% in 2010. As a percentage of net sales, the positive effects of our pricing actions and CCI cost savings were more than offset by material cost inflation as well as unfavorable segment and product sales mix. Product mix within the industrial business was unfavorable, with increased demand for ingredients as well as weakness in our sales of branded food service items. Segment mix also weighed on gross profit margin with our 2011 sales growth from the industrial business a bit higher than the consumer business. SG&A rose 10% from the fourth quarter of 2011 but as a percentage of sales, was down 80 basis points. This period, SG&A included a $10 million increase in brand marketing support, $9 million for our consumer business and $1 million behind our branded food service products in our industrial business. For the year, we increased marketing by $20 million, with $4 million of the increase in both the fourth quarter and fiscal year related to acquisitions. SG&A this quarter also included the $7 million of transaction cost related to Kamis and Kohinoor. Our mix of earnings during the fourth quarter of 2011 led to a tax rate of 28.7%, which compared favorably to our 31% guidance for the fiscal year. Even at this reduced rate, the fourth quarter 2011 tax rate exceeded the 26.7% tax rate that we had in the fourth quarter of 2010. If you recall, in the year ago period, we had a favorable impact from U.S. foreign tax credits that resulted from the repatriation of cash from foreign subsidiaries. Moving to income from unconsolidated operations. We reported $4.5 million this quarter, down $1.4 million from the fourth quarter of 2010. Results from our joint venture in Mexico were under pressure from higher soybean oil cost and the devaluation of the Mexican peso. While we had incremental profit from our Eastern joint venture in India in the quarter, we also had investment spending behind the [indiscernible] joint venture in Turkey this period. For the full year, sales of our unconsolidated operations rose 32%, with 18% of the increase from our new Eastern joint venture in India and 14% of the increase from existing businesses, particularly our long-standing joint venture in Mexico. Profit from higher sales was offset in part by material cost pressure, currency impact and our initial investments to launch our brand in Turkey. Income from our unconsolidated operations ended 2011 at $25.4 million and accounted for 7% of our reported net income.  Early in 2012, we expect the favorable impact of higher sales to be largely offset by unfavorable material cost as well as currency exchange rates. This is likely to cause a decline in income from unconsolidated operations in the first quarter. For the full year, we project income from unconsolidated operations to be about even with 2011. At the bottom line, as shown on Slide 27, fourth quarter 2011 earnings per share was $0.98 compared to $0.99 in the prior year period. Operating income added $0.04, which included $0.05 from acquisition-related transaction cost. This $0.04 increase was offset by a higher tax rate, lower joint venture income and higher interest expense. While we continue to expect 2012 accretion from our latest acquisitions, their profit impact was neutral in the fourth quarter during the integration phase of these businesses. Let's turn next to our year-end balance sheet and 2011 cash flow. We maintained a solid balance sheet in 2011 even with the spike in material cost and a $441 million investment in acquisitions and joint venture interest. Debt at November 30 was $1.3 billion compared to $0.9 billion at the end of fiscal year 2010. We expect to continue our pay down of debt in 2012 as we return to our target debt ratios and prepare for future acquisitions. A portion of our debt was used to finance increased inventory in 2011. As we have discussed throughout the year, much of the increase was due to increased material cost as well as strategic inventory positions we've taken for certain spices and herbs in order to secure a steady supply of high-quality materials for our customers. At year end, inventory was up $136 million, with about 1/3 of the increase due to the cost impact, 1/3 to strategic positions and about 15% related to our acquisitions. In 2012, we anticipate further material cost inflation, but given our current outlook, we expect inventory to level off and begin to decline as we work down a portion of our strategic inventory. In addition, we have seen some early progress with our new inventory management processes in North America and expect this to have further benefits in that region in 2012 before we expand it to other regions. As evidence of our progress, net cash flows from operating activities in the fourth quarter of 2011 exceeded cash flow in the fourth quarter of 2010. For the full year, net cash flows were $340 million in 2011 compared to $388 million in 2010. The increased inventory was the primary reason for this decrease. During the year, we used a combination of cash, debt and proceeds from stock option exercises to fund $441 million of acquisitions, $149 million of dividends, $97 million of capital expenditures and $89 million of share repurchases. In 2012, we expect to further pay down our debt and resume our share repurchases in the absence of any acquisition activity. At November 30, 2011, $270 million remained of our $400 million share repurchase authorization. Let's turn next to our outlook for 2012 on Slide 29. As Alan described, we continue to operate in an uncertain environment, facing further cost inflation and consumers that are under economic pressure in many of our markets. We are responding to this environment with our latest pricing actions and CCI program and have initiatives in place to drive sales with product innovation, brand marketing support, new distribution and our acquisitions. At the top line, we are projecting 9% to 11% sales growth in local currency. We estimate this range will be reduced by 2% based on prevailing foreign exchange rates. Acquisitions will be an important driver of sales growth in 2012, and we expect an incremental impact of 5% to 6% in the first 3 quarters from Kamis, Kohinoor and Kitchen Basics. For the full year, the expected sales increase is 4%. We anticipate sales of our base business to grow 5% to 7%, with a similar increase in both the consumer and industrial segments. We expect our pricing actions to be a large driver of this 5% to 7% increase, with volume and product mix flat to up slightly. While we are seeing an impact on volumes from our latest pricing, we expect to offset this with our new products, brand marketing and distribution expansion activity. Operating income is projected to grow 9% to 11%, driven largely by higher sales. We expect to offset high-single digit cost inflation with our pricing actions and at least $40 million in CCI cost savings. We plan to increase total brand marketing support by at least $10 million with about half of the increase related to the acquisitions. As Alan indicated, this builds upon the $20 million of incremental brand marketing support in 2011. There are 2 more factors to keep in mind as you update your 2012 financial models. First, we recorded $11 million of transaction cost in 2011 related to completion of acquisitions. This will create a favorable variance for us in the second half of the year when comparing 2012 to 2011.  The second factor largely offsets this favorable variance and relates to our retirement benefit expense, which is projected to increase $9 million in 2012. This increase is largely a result of the very low discount rate at November 30, 2011, which was used in the actuarial calculation of 2012 expense. Below the operating income line, we expect interest expense to be higher following our 2011 acquisitions, and we project a tax rate of 30%, which compares to 29% in 2011. Although we believe 2012 will be a year of strong sales growth for our joint ventures, as I indicated previously, unconsolidated income is expected to be about even with 2011 as a result of increased material cost and the unfavorable exchange rate of the Mexican peso. At the bottom line, our guidance for 2012 earnings per share is $3.01 to $3.06.  We do not typically provide quarterly guidance. However, based on our current outlook, we expect earnings per share of $0.51 to $0.54 in the first quarter. This is down from $0.57 in the year ago period, and there are several factors behind this projection.  The first relates to cost inflation. If you look at our first quarter of 2011, gross profit margin increased by 130 basis points. At that time, we were not yet feeling the impact of higher material cost, but this quickly reversed in the second quarter when year-on-year gross profit margin declined 120 basis points. So we have a bit of a tough comparison in the first quarter of 2012 as it relates to gross profit margin, which we expect to be down around 250 basis points, similar to what we reported in the last 2 quarters of 2011. For the balance of the year, we expect gross profit margin to be close to the prior year. The second factor also relates to raw material costs and the effect on our income from unconsolidated operations. As I mentioned earlier, higher costs year-on-year and currency exchange rates are going to cause a decrease in income from unconsolidated operations, which is expected to lower first quarter earnings per share by about $0.02. Third, we plan to increase our brand marketing support in the first quarter by more than $5 million. As a result of these factors, our first quarter is going to be a slower start to 2012, but we expect to resume profit growth beginning with the second quarter. The last part of our 2012 outlook to cover is cash. As indicated earlier, we expect to achieve an increase in net cash flow from operations primarily driven by higher net income and a reduction in inventory. We are planning capital expenditures of $100 million to $110 million, further debt reduction and share repurchases that will result in a slight decline in our shares outstanding. To summarize, our 2012 outlook is for 9% to 11% growth in sales in local currency, a 9% to 11% increase in operating income and a solid EPS result. We are committed to solid execution of our growth initiatives and to achieving these goals.  Alan has a few closing remarks, but let's turn next to your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from Akshay Jagdale of KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: So my first question is regarding fiscal '12 growth and your EPS outlook. Just is it possible for you to talk to us about the growth in terms of base business versus acquisition and the cost that you had last year? So the way I thought about the growth is I've broken out the growth between base business growth and then the accretion from your acquisitions as well as the lower cost related to the transactions that you did. So it seems to me that base business growth is going to be well below sort of your normal long-term growth rate in terms of operating income. And it looks like it's mainly because of higher commodity cost, and it looks like all of it's going to hit you, really, in 1Q. Am I reading that correctly? Or am I missing something? I know the retirement benefit expense may be something to do with it, but is that the right way to think about it?
Gordon M. Stetz: Yes. Certainly, as we're building our budgets and plans, we look at the incrementality, the acquisitions. And as we indicated last year, those acquisitions are expected to be accretive and the guidance we gave was $0.07 and $0.09. I'd say we're still within that guidance as we built our outlook for 2012. So the factors that you pointed to, which we talked about in the call, the material cost as well as the pension, Id just like to emphasize that, are impacting the base business.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: So if you just look at longer term, obviously, you've done a tremendous job of building shareholder value, and your targets internally as well are very much in line with shareholders. So it seems like some exogenous factors, just commodity costs that are out of your control, have impacted your base business significantly over the last, let's call it 12 months. So should we expect that to sort of reverse as we go forward? So the base business has been growing at a lower rate than normal recently. But if commodity costs level out or even come down, should we expect to see that growth sort of come back in a sense that maybe at some point, you start growing at a much faster rate for a short period of time than you have been recently? Is that a possibility? Or you're -- you think if that happens, you will just reinvest back in the business and continue to grow sort of 9% to 11% on the bottom line?
Alan D. Wilson: We would -- whats happened with all the cost volatility over the last couple of years has impacted our long-term growth model, which is built around being able to invest behind the business but also to improve margins in a fairly stable cost environment. So what we've been doing is adapting our business over the last, really, 2 years to take more pricing than we would typically take. Certainly, as with our strong CCI programs, as we start to see stability -- even if we don't see a big retreat in cost, as we start to see stability, our model kind of starts to work again, because our CCI program is generally built towards increasing our margins, while our pricing is just to offset cost. What we've seen in the last 2 years is we've needed a combination of pricing and CCI to offset the increased costs.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: So in other words, I mean, just would you -- would we -- should we expect to see an acceleration in growth even if it's above your long-term target? I mean, is that possible? Or would you -- if that happens, would you tend to invest that in future growth initiatives?
Alan D. Wilson: I think we've been pretty balanced through the combination of investment for growth behind our consumer and our industrial businesses and returning returns to shareholders to increase EPS. So we would likely spend some of the money, and we would likely take some of the earnings.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Ken Goldman of JPMorgan Chase & Co.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So you're the second food manufacturer in the last couple of weeks to call out weak overall food trends in traditional channels, not just in spices, obviously, but overall. And I think this is maybe counter to what some people expected as the economy maybe slowly recovers. So just curious for your insight there. Do you think traffic's maybe down because of continued high pricing? And I'm sure that's a big part of it, or there's some other drivers we're not seeing. Maybe club and dollar stores are just doing something better and unique in terms of marketing and attracting consumers. Just curious, I know you don't have a presence across the whole store, but I'm curious what your insights are there.
Alan D. Wilson: I think there is some impact, as some of the other manufacturers have talked about, of people moving to other channels, like dollar and club and that sort of thing. What we are seeing is some consumer behavior, which we've not seen before, that has led to a decline in the most recent period in the data that we have.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And what would you say is the normal run rate, separate subject, for your CCI annual savings? I know it's difficult to forecast these items. Sometimes they come in, obviously, faster or slower than expected. But how should we think about this going forward? Because a $25 million swing year-on-year is not insignificant.
Alan D. Wilson: Year-on-year, we try to target about $50 million of CCI savings, just below, and for the last couple of years, we've been able to overachieve that. And I'd also point out, the $40 million goal that we set this year, we expect is a goal that well hit and likely exceed. So we're setting targets and trying to drive it. It's really a part of our ongoing operations, and we've got some good ideas and some good projects that we think will be good, that will help us.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. So you do see the $40 million -- I know you're not promising this -- but as potentially conservative?
Gordon M. Stetz: We typically hit what -- at least hit what we say we're going to hit.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Alexia Howard of Sanford C. Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Just one quick question as a follow-up to Ken's question and then something on new products. Are you seeing a pickup in the restaurant sector? And is that putting pressure, as far as you're seeing it, on the packaged food space in general? I'm just wondering whether it's not just growth in dollar stores and alternative channels but maybe a pickup in the restaurant sector, which you may have a good handle on from your industrial business, might be causing some of the pressure on the packaged food sector. And then secondly, in new products, you mentioned new products represent about 9% of sales at the moment. What do you think is the right long-term level of that? Can you accelerate that? And maybe can you make any commentary about how quickly that's expanded over the last 2 or 3 years?
Alan D. Wilson: Yes. Thanks, Alexia. In the fourth quarter, we did see some positive volume growth in the restaurant sector, which we kind of view as healthy, because it's been a couple of years of pretty significant declines. And so I don't want to speculate on what -- if consumers are eating out and not cooking at home, I don't think we're seeing that return as much, but we did see some positive volume growth late in the year in our food service business. Secondly, on the new products, we would expect a new product sales to be in -- to be something in the order of 10% to 12%, so 9% over the last 3 years, we would expect, as we go forward, that to be a higher percentage.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Thilo Wrede of Jefferies & Company.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Are your industrial contracts, are they completely repriced now to reflect not only the inflation that you saw in 2011 but also to reflect the inflation you're expecting for 2012?
Alan D. Wilson: For the most part -- I mean, we've got a broad range of contracts with customers across the world, but generally, we are appropriately priced. Now a lot of the major commodities like wheat and soybean oil gets passed through as those commodities change. So as we see increases, we price. And then as we see decreases, we pass through that pricing. But I'd say, by and large, as we caught up in the fourth quarter, that we're appropriately priced. And we'll -- as we see additional inflation, we'll deal with that. Or if we see some softening in cost, we'll deal with that.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: And then could you give just a little bit more color on your comment that you will resume the share repurchases? Is that going to start soon? Or is that more back loaded in the fiscal year?
Alan D. Wilson: I would suggest that you would -- by the end of the first quarter, you'll start to see activity as we report.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Rob Moskow of Crdit Suisse Group.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just a couple of follow-ups. If the share repurchase continues, do you think you could ever get back to your long-term guidance of 2% reduction in share count as a result of share repurchase? And then secondly, your cost inflation for this year is a lot higher than I thought it would be, up in the high-single digit range. Is it your objective to just kind of wait and see before taking another price increase? Or are you comfortable that the pricing that you have in the market right now plus the CCI is enough to just get you back to keep the gross margins from falling further? And then one more follow-up. Regarding the acquisitions, is there any dilution to your gross margin from those acquisitions?
Alan D. Wilson: I'll take the pricing commodity question, let Gordon handle the share buyback and the margin question. But in terms of our pricing, as we see it today, we don't anticipate taking additional -- significant additional pricing. Now we also didn't anticipate that as we went into the fourth quarter of this year if you talked -- when we talked last January, but what we saw was a fairly significant run-up in cost, and so we thought we had to do that. And you can see from our margin performance that we did have to do that. But as we sit here today, we don't anticipate significant pricing for the rest of the year, but again, we'll adapt our plans as we see cost. And I'll let Gordon handle the other 2 questions.
Gordon M. Stetz: Yes, in terms of the 2%. The 2% on our long-term guidance, we think about this either as an accretive acquisition, Rob, or a share repurchase. In the absence of -- and you'll -- this year, in our guidance, we talked about the 7% to 9%, and that, in fact, reflects a 2% to 3% type of a benefit on EPS. In the absence of an acquisition, we would be buying back shares in that financial leverage to return to a 2% benefit on the shares outstanding, and that's purely opportunistic based on what the pipeline is. In terms of the dilutive impact, I'd say, without getting too specific on the gross margin structures, that the acquisition -- we talked about the operating income margin of the Kamis acquisition at 16% to 17%. Its margin structure is a healthy margin structure that reflects strong consumer businesses that we -- in the rest of our European businesses. And the business in India as an emerging market, as you would expect, would be lower margin structure. But again, that's higher growth, and we would expect to get scale in margin improvement over time in that one.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Gordon and Alan, it's -- this is the second year in a row that we've had EPS guidance that's well below the normal range of 9% to 11%. When do you think you get back to that normal range, if not better?
Alan D. Wilson: I think in a stable environment, a stable cost environment, we can certainly execute that. But what we want to do is give you the best transparency over what we're seeing at this point.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Chris Growe of Stifel, Nicolaus & Co.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I had -- first, a quick one, sort of a follow-up. The accretion from acquisitions in 2012, is that just the absence of cost? Is there actual accretion as well on top of the absence of those costs, the $11 million of cost, in 2011?
Gordon M. Stetz: There's actual accretion, incremental profit after interest, and that's that 7% to 9% number that we've guided to previously.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: $0.07 to $0.09 per share, then you had the $0.06 drag. So we can just back into some rough math if it's going to benefit EPS in 2012.
Gordon M. Stetz: I'm sorry? I -- would you say that again, Chris?
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: So it's $0.07 to $0.09 of accretion in 2012?
Gordon M. Stetz: That's correct.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: And that's -- again, you're comparing against roughly $0.07 in cost in 2011.
Gordon M. Stetz: Right. So -- but remember also, the other thing that's offsetting that $0.07 is an incremental $9 million of retirement benefit. But yes, your math is correct.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. Yes. And then I want to understand, with the marketing increase for the year, in '12, the $10 million increase, does that incorporate acquisitions? And then if I could add to that, does that also -- is that -- a broad consumer support, does that include promotion as well?
Alan D. Wilson: It's -- I'll answer for the first one, and Gordon can talk more about how things get allocated. But the $10 million increase is about half from the base business and about half coming from acquisitions.
Gordon M. Stetz: And depending on the nature of the promotional expense, the $10 million does contemplate more consumer-facing promotional. But there probably will be additional dollars, as Alan indicated, on some of the value messaging that would be between gross and net.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And so I guess I'm -- so the -- my last question, sort of a follow-up to that would be as you're shifting more to promotion, that seems like it's mostly occurring in Europe consumer. I think you started that or did some of that in 2011 as well. I mean, have you seen that stabilize the business or does that need to step up a little more heavily in '12 to try and stabilize be it trade down to private label or just some of the more difficult consumer trends in the business?
Alan D. Wilson: It's very similar to what we did in 2009, when we saw the weakness. And it's putting an emphasis, one, on the messaging to consumers on value, and we're ramping that up and then secondly, using some of our promotion plans and really targeting those. So we expect there will be some balance. Were kind of rebalancing our whole marketing program for the year to make sure that we're getting back to a healthy volume growth.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. So we should see better volumes throughout the year, and a suspicion that thats spending, correct?
Alan D. Wilson: We expect that -- we expect it to have a positive impact.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Ann Gurkin of Davenport & Company.
Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: Just wanted to return to your comments regarding your outlook for the U.K. and France. Do you think it's going to get worse from here for '12 -- have you modeled that -- or look like Q4? Can you just give me some more details, I guess, particularly on France?
Gordon M. Stetz: Well, as I -- we said in our remarks, France in the fourth quarter continues to be resilient. We had sales growth mainly through price execution, but volumes held up in a tough environment. U.K. continues to be challenging. So as we -- and we've seen stabilization in the other markets, which we had expected would occur as we progressed through 2011. So I guess that outlook that I've just described is a similar outlook as we look into 2012, and that's baked into our thinking. And then obviously, we have the benefit of the acquisition that we just did in Europe as well.
Alan D. Wilson: Yes. It's a pretty steady state outlook. Obviously, we're not contemplating any major collapse in Europe or anything like that, but we expect it to be a continued pressure.
Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: Great. That's helpful. And then secondly, on -- it was nice to hear that private label is increasing prices. Is that gap between branded and private label pretty much in line with historic measures? Can you comment on that?
Alan D. Wilson: Yes. We -- the gap is pretty similar to historical levels, but what we are doing is really analyzing the price thresholds that we've crossed to understand the impact on volume. But if I look at the year and even in the 4-week period, we've seen private label prices go up at about the same level on a percentage basis as brand.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Eric Katzman of Deutsche Bank.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: A couple of questions. I guess I want to follow up on Ken's initial question, because I think it's a very important one. I just -- I'm not -- I mean, are you as confused as I am in terms of trying to understand how QSR can be up, because obviously QSR purchases per serving are so much more expensive than cooking your own food at home. And yet, the industry and yourself today are talking about pretty significant elasticity hits. And it sounds like, if anything, as 2011 progressed, that dynamic got worse. So why should we be at all confident that even with a little bit of advertising or more promotion, that this consumer who is just so cautious can be convinced to kind of open up the wallet for core products or all the new products that you're putting out there?
Alan D. Wilson: I think as you point out, it is a better value than necessarily going to a restaurant and much cheaper to cook at home. And that's what we're trying to convince the consumer and show them that for a lower cost, you can actually have a better and healthier meal. But there is a consumer behavior that we are, again, watching and targeting, and us and our retail partners will be working on how we do that. Now on the other side of that, we also have a pretty significant participation in those restaurant sales. And as that goes through our food service distribution business, it's not necessarily a bad tradeoff for us.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then if I could follow up on the raw material side of things. We have no visibility on a lot of your raw materials. And we kind of got a surprise last quarter, and it sounded like you were a bit surprised at how much those items had moved up. But is it because you've locked in via raw material purchases that your costs in 2012, Gordon, are going to be up so much? Because I would normally assume that whether it's, I don't know, cinnamon or pepper or vanilla farmers are going to plant from fence post to fence post to try to exploit the higher prices. So have you kind of hurt yourself a little by buying in so much inventory?
Alan D. Wilson: No. Actually, our inventory positions are better than the current market's, because we're out seeing and anticipating what's going to happen. So we're not upside down at all on our inventory. We're still seeing some competition for land in some of those emerging markets where people aren't necessarily planting more pepper volumes. And when they decide to do that, it takes about 3 years before they have significant yields. We've seen them move to shorter cash crops like cassava, which is a thickener that's used. So there is continuing to be pressure on the spice commodities that we buy, but our strategic inventory positions are an advantage for us.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So just with that -- Alan, with that time lag on the farmer intent and the yield, so are -- do you think that this could be a multi-year issue on raw materials even if you're a little bit better than the spot market for, I don't know, whatever, the next couple of quarters based on your inventory?
Alan D. Wilson: Yes. Specifically in pepper, we've seen pepper almost quadruple in -- or triple in 4 years and double in the last 18 months. Now we don't anticipate it's going to continue to rise at that kind of rate, but we have not seen significant softness. I mean, it softens from time to time, and we take advantage of that, but we haven't seen significant softness to this point in that. It has been a couple of years of that acceleration. I think that's my main point, is -- and typically, a lot of our materials are on those kind of cycles, where they'll be up for a couple of years and then as plantings increase and yields go up, then they start to come down again.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Eric Serotta of Wells Fargo Investments.
Eric Serotta - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Most of my questions have been answered, but I wanted to follow up on your comments about mix. You commented how you had some negative overall segment mix from industrial growing a bit faster than consumer and some negative mix within industrial. I'm wondering whether you could comment upon the mix impact within consumer. How did your sort of premium products perform relative to your more baseline products? And was mix a positive or a negative contributor in the consumer segment?
Gordon M. Stetz: This is Gordon. I'd say mix was not a major factor in the overall consumer segment performance. Most of the volume performance within the quarter that was impacted within consumer relates to the timing issues that I spoke about earlier, mainly in the U.S. consumer business, and that's a volume issue.
Eric Serotta - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And how did your premium products perform relative to your base or core products?
Gordon M. Stetz: Yes. If we're speaking about the gourmet relative to, say, red cap, they were generally in line with each other. There wasn't any divergence between the 2.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Andrew Lazar of Barclays Capital.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just 2 quick ones. One, have you been able to -- I've generally thought that you and others can manage any kind of a shift from a channel perspective, whether it be from traditional grocery to alternative channels, can manage that in a relatively sort of margin-neutral way, at least. And we've had one company recently talk about this being kind of a negative hit for them, albeit it was a private label entity. So I just want to get a sense of how you manage that and if you typically are able to manage that in a pretty margin-neutral way, sort of at a minimum. And then just a quick follow-up.
Alan D. Wilson: Generally, we can manage it in a fairly margin-neutral way. I think what the other company was talking about is a move in their business to more opening price point-type business from a standard private label-type product. We do very little opening price point. We do some but not very much. Ours tend to be more standard private label. And then our whole selling story is to do the right thing for the whole category. So even where we have a private label presence in an alternative channel, we are also bringing branded solutions to those customers. So we -- it helps maintain a similar kind of margin than what we see across the rest of our business.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Got it. Okay. And then also wanted to ask -- I don't want to beat this too much. I'm just trying to get an understanding, because I still find myself very confused over sort of recent consumer behavior or just lack of kind of consumption, I guess, if you will, from the -- just the broader consumer given the weakness we've seen broadly in the industry. So do we think that it's primarily just some of the normal elasticity that this industry sees when they get pricing through? Or are they -- is the consumer -- I've heard everything from they're wasting less product in their household than they typically do. I assume there's maybe some inventory de-stocking at retailer levels. Like, I'm just trying to get a sense of if we think there's something that's beyond normal elasticity that the consumer's dealing with. Or -- because I'm still very confused. And I hear all these different answers, but no one seems to have a great -- sort of really a great read on it.
Alan D. Wilson: I don't know that we have great insight on it at this point. I mean, for our products, warm weather at this time of year isn't necessarily a good thing. We like a little cold weather to get people back to cooking chili. And so we kind of see that, and I know people have talked about that as part of the issue. But I don't think we have a firm handle on really what's happened in the very short period. Now if you look over the course of the longer-term 6 months and 12 months, the pattern isn't that dramatically different than what we've seen historically. But I think what everybody's kind of looking at is what happened in the last couple of weeks of the year.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Right. Right. And the last thing is in the quarter at least, it looks like x the sort of a volume shift in your Americas consumer business, volume was still flat to up in spite of all that, admittedly your quarter ends in November, but it wasn't like we saw some -- at least, at this stage, some huge volume sort of decline.
Alan D. Wilson: No. That's correct.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Robert Dickerson of Consumer Edge Research.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: Just a couple of quick easy questions. I guess first is just on taxes. I haven't really -- I haven't heard anyone ask a question on taxes. I'm kind of surprised. I know, I think, what, the beginning of the year, the guidance was for 31%, and I know in Q3, you had the benefit and got $0.09. And then I think the expectation -- I may have even asked this last quarter -- the expectation for full year wasn't really changed. But you did come in quite below such that you got basically 29% tax rate for the year which, if you just do the math, winds up being more than half of your EPS improvement. So if I'm thinking about fiscal '12, you're guiding to 30%, but I'm assuming there's no -- there's nothing within that 30% that could potentially make it lower again.
Gordon M. Stetz: A couple of things. One is that we actually had an unfavorability on the tax relative to prior year. The -- what you may be citing in terms of...
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: No, I'm just talking about guidance. I...
Gordon M. Stetz: Yes. Okay. Versus the guidance. I understand.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: Yes. Like you beat last year and you beat this year both on tax.
Alan D. Wilson: Yes. Obviously, tax is a very difficult thing to forecast. You're just trying to anticipate mix of earnings, and it's also a volatile legislative environment. And there are programs and tax credits and things that get hung up in the heated discussion right now, and you cannot include that in any type of a guidance as you start a year until these things land and are resolved. So we start with our best estimate as to what we know now in the legislative environment, as to what we know now as it relates to currencies and its impact on the mix of earnings and the earnings themselves, and that's our guidance. Obviously, there's things that resolve during the course of the year that can be favorable and unfavorable. Last year, they tended to be more favorable than our initial guidance. So I can tell you the best I can say at the moment is the guidance we're giving you is based on all the knowledge we have at this moment on all those factors.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: Okay. Fair enough. Okay. And then just a quick follow-up question from what Chris asked before on the acquisitions, just to be clear. I know -- so this year, it was the $0.07 in cost that's been -- that's inclusive in earnings. But then next year, we're saying $0.07 to $0.09 in accretion? Or is it really $0.07 year-over-year benefit from not having the cost and then there's an additional $0.02 potential upside, which is really the accretion?
Gordon M. Stetz: No. It's going back to Chris' point. We are not repeating the $0.07 of transaction cost, and we have an incremental benefit from the acquisitions in $0.07 and $0.09. And again -- then that's offset by the incremental retirement cost of $9 million or partially offset all of those numbers.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: So kind of on average, about $0.14 of benefit for '12?
Gordon M. Stetz: Yes. Yes.
Alan D. Wilson: That's correct.
Joyce L. Brooks: We've run a bit over an hour. Why don't we take one more question and then we'll turn it back over to Alan.
Operator: Our last question is coming from Mitch Pinheiro of Janney Montgomery Scott.
Mitchell B. Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: I'll let everybody go. My questions have been answered.
Alan D. Wilson: Just to wrap up, at -- just a couple of comments. We've been pretty effective at adapting our business to meet a very challenging environment. As we head into 2012, we're managing through this with cost -- the cost volatility with our pricing and our CCI. Our product innovation and our marketing support are meeting consumer demands for flavor, convenience and value. As we've increased our participation in emerging markets with the acquisition of leading brands, we expect that to drive higher growth. I'm confident that we're well positioned, and we've got the leadership and the employees in place to meet the challenges and deliver a year of strong financial performance for McCormick shareholders. We appreciate your time and attention. We'll turn it back over to Joyce.
Joyce L. Brooks: Thanks, Alan. I'd like to add my thanks to everyone listening on today's call. We hope you can also join our next earnings call, which is planned for Tuesday, March 27 and that you have on your calendar our McCormick Investor Day scheduled in New York on April 17. Through February 2, you may access a telephone replay of today's call by dialing (877) 660-6853. The account number for this replay is 309, and the ID number is 383424. You can also listen to a replay on our website later today. If anyone has additional questions regarding today's information, please give me a call at (410) 771-7244.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-09-28 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Alan D. Wilson - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Gordon M. Stetz - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President, Director and Chairman of Investment Committee Joyce L. Brooks - Vice President of Investor Relations and Member of Investment Committee
Analysts: Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Charles Edward Cerankosky - Northcoast Research Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc., Research Division Erin Swanson Lash - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Mitchell B. Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the McCormick's Third Quarter 2011 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Joyce Brooks, Vice President, Investor Relations for McCormick. Thank you. Ms. Brooks, you may begin.
Joyce L. Brooks: Good morning, and welcome to our review of McCormick's third quarter financial results and latest 2011 outlook. We've posted a set of slides to accompany today's call at our website, ir.mccormick.com. With me are Alan Wilson, Chairman, President and CEO; and Gordon Stetz, Executive Vice President, CFO and Treasurer. Alan is going to begin with an update on our business and the current operating environment, and then Gordon will discuss our third quarter financial performance and latest guidance. After that, we look forward to discussing your questions. As a reminder, our presentation today contains projections and other forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from those projected. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or other factors. In addition, certain information that we will present today are non-GAAP measures. This includes certain financial results from 2010 that exclude items affecting comparability. We present this non-GAAP information for comparative purposes alongside the most directly comparable GAAP measures. Reconciliations of GAAP to non-GAAP measures can be found in the presentation slides for our call. It's now my pleasure to turn the discussion over to Alan.
Alan D. Wilson: Thanks, Joyce. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. In the third quarter, we delivered strong top line growth and a solid profit result. In local currency, we grew sales 11%, a step up from our 5% sales increase in the first half of 2011. We're driving this growth with product innovation, expanded distribution and increased brand marketing support, along with pricing actions. We reported a double-digit increase in each of our 2 segments and in a number of our operating regions. Of particular note this quarter was a 5% increase in volume and product mix for our consumer business, which was accomplished during a period when pricing also rose 5%. The increase was led by our Americas business and was broad-based with increases in grilling products, dry seasoning mixes, authentic ethnic cuisines, Zatarain's, Simply Asia and Thai Kitchen, as well as our sales of the private label products that we produce for some of our major customers. We also had a favorable impact from customers that purchased product in anticipation of a fourth quarter price increase.  On the industrial side of our business, we grew sales in local currency at a double-digit rate in each of our 3 regions, with sales in China up 30%. In markets around the world, this performance was driven by demand from quick-service restaurants and our supply of seasonings for snacks. Earnings per share was $0.69. Several factors affected profit this quarter, as Gordon will discuss in more detail, but I will share the major drivers.  Positively impacting EPS this quarter were higher sales. Our cost savings for McCormick Comprehensive Continuous Improvement program, CCI, and discrete tax items. Offsetting a portion of these increases were our additional investment in brand marketing support, which was up 27% for the quarter, and a further escalation in our raw and packaging materials costs. For these reasons, as we anticipated, our third quarter profit growth moderated from the double-digit increase in earnings per share that we reported in the first half. For the full year, we remain on track with our 2011 sales and profit outlook.  During my remarks this morning, I'd like to cover 3 topics and will begin with comments about the completion of our investments in Kamis and Kohinoor, as well as a few remarks about a smaller acquisition in the United States. Next, I'd like to go a bit in depth into the current environment, including our input costs and pricing actions as we head into our fourth quarter and look ahead to 2012. Finally, I'll share why I'm pleased with our momentum as we kick off the fourth quarter, McCormick's peak selling period.  Earlier in September, we completed the acquisition of Kamis and our Kohinoor joint ventures. As stated in our June call, these 2 strategic deals give us a leap forward in executing against our emerging markets strategy. The acquisition of Kamis is an excellent complement to McCormick's business in Western Europe and our recent joint venture in Turkey. Kamis is a brand leader in spices, seasonings, mustards and other flavor products in Poland, with distribution subsidiaries in Russia, Romania and the Ukraine. The purchase price for this business was approximately $286 million. Kamis will be managed under Lawrence Kurzius, the President of McCormick International; and by Malcolm Swift, our President in Europe, Middle East and Africa.  We've welcomed the Kamis employees to McCormick and named one of our business leaders in Europe, Fiona McDonnell [ph], as General Manager, and she's now on site. Our integration plans began in the pre-close period, and our integration team is fully engaged. Sales of this business have been increasing at a double-digit rate, and we intend to continue this growth through new product introductions, brand marketing programs and penetration of other markets in Central and Eastern Europe.  The Kohinoor joint venture establishes a new platform for growth in India and demonstrates our commitment to invest and grow in this region. Our investment was approximately $113 million. This gave us an 85% interest in the newly formed joint venture. The Kohinoor brand is one of the top national brands in the basmati rice category in India, with products reaching over 350,000 retailers and sales growing at a double-digit rate. Kohinoor will be managed under Lawrence Kurzius, as well as Paul Beard, President of Asia Pacific, who many of you know. One of McCormick's senior leaders, Satish Rao, has been named Managing Director of the joint venture and has relocated to India.  We've taken steps to achieve a smooth transition for this business, and we have met with all of our distributors to ensure business continuity. We produced new advertising to be launched in the fourth quarter featuring Bollywood stars using Kohinoor products in a family setting. You can access a fact sheet for each of these businesses on our website, which contains more detailed information.  During the third quarter, we acquired the assets of Kitchen Basics for $38 million. Kitchen Basics is a leading brand of ready-to-serve, shelf-stable liquid stock in North America. As a key flavor ingredient, consumers use stocks to add depth and flavor to a variety of dishes such as gravies and soups. Annual sales of Kitchen Basics are approximately $25 million and have increased at a double-digit pace for the past 3 years. We expect to continue to grow the brand with expanded distribution and product innovation. This acquisition is expected to be immediately accretive to earnings.  Acquisitions are a key part of our 3-pronged growth strategy, and we're extremely pleased with what we accomplished in 2011 as a result of our teams' diligence, persistence and financial discipline. We are having success this year not only with acquisitions but with our other growth strategies, launching new products, investing in brand marketing and expanding distribution. However, we're also feeling the impact of the current economic environment. Many consumers are struggling in this economy. They're making tough choices and some are altering their shopping patterns. In the U.S. and the U.K., we've seen a shift in private label sales for basic ingredients like pepper, garlic and cinnamon, and we've seen a shift in our sales towards alternative channels like dollar stores and warehouse clubs. In response, we continue to gain new distribution in all channels. Our latest win is placement of 9 branded items, including extracts and gravy mixes, in Sam's Club locations across the United States.  Another action we're taking is to emphasize the value of our brands. We've added resources to analyze and optimize the effectiveness of promotional price points and the timing of these promotions. Through traditional and digital medium, we're highlighting product differentiation and usage ideas. Secondary placement is an additional way that we separate our brands from private label, as well as our product innovation. Another challenge in this environment is the steep rise in material costs, not only for commodities but for many of our spices and herbs. We began the year expecting 7% to 8% cost inflation, and through the first half, we managed this through pricing actions and our continuous Comprehensive Continuous Improvement, CCI cost savings.  In the third quarter, we began to experience further increases in our raw materials. We're now expecting a double-digit rate of material cost inflation in 2011, and we expect these higher costs to persist through 2012. To illustrate this, let's take a look at one of our top 5 raw materials, black pepper. Black pepper is a crop that has a long history of fluctuation but has hit historic highs. Slide 9 shows that the cost of pepper has more than doubled in the past 1.5 years. Similarly, costs have escalated for red pepper, nutmeg, cinnamon, cloves, cumin, turmeric and many other items. There are several factors influencing the spice and herb markets at this time, which include poor weather conditions in some of our growing regions; farmers shift to growing more lucrative crops that are less labor-intensive such as coffee, cassava, rubber and palm oil; increased global demand and a weakening U.S. dollar. Beyond spices and herbs, the costs of packaging, fuel and energy have remained steady but at an elevated level.  So how are we responding to this cost pressure? First, we're leveraging our global procurement team for insights and smart decisions on strategic inventory. As we've reported throughout 2011, our inventory is up due in part to higher strategic inventories. While neither Gordon or I want to see more inventory on the balance sheet, this is one way to effectively manage our purchase of spices and herbs. Second, our CCI cost savings program is a vital means of offsetting a portion of the increase. We've raised our projected savings for 2011 to at least $50 million, which is approaching the level reached in 2010 of $54 million. Third is pricing actions.  For our consumer business, we increased prices as we headed into 2011 to offset a portion of the cost inflation. In response to the latest increase, we've begun to implement additional price increases in both brand and private label items. In North America, the average increase will be about 5%. Depending on the underlying raw materials and price thresholds, the increase will range from a low level on certain items, like extracts, to a double-digit rate on black pepper.  In our industrial business, as I indicated, higher ingredient costs lowered profit in the third quarter. As many of you know, we have a pricing protocol to pass through the higher cost of major commodities to our customers, materials like dairy ingredients, wheat and soybean oil. However, these protocols do not extend to items via a commodity trading market such as spices and herbs. To address this, we are working with our customers to adjust pricing for these items and expect to get pricing in place over the next few months. In the meantime, we expect profit for the industrial business to be under pressure in the fourth quarter and to remain under pressure in the early part of 2012.  To summarize this portion of my remarks, our business is being challenged by a difficult economy, a weaker consumer and escalating material costs. We're addressing these challenges by adapting our marketing efforts and promotional activity and taking prices where we need to. Throughout this period of volatility, the fundamentals of our business remain sound, and we've made good progress with our sales growth initiatives, progress that we're seeing continuing into the fourth quarter. We have a strong lineup of activity as we head into this important selling period. During the fourth quarter, secondary displays are an essential way for retailers to avoid out-of-stocks on key holiday items. We have displays being shipped to complement the merchandising strategy for all of our major U.S. customers. We're planning to increase brand marketing support at least $5 million for the programs behind dry seasoning mixes, Hispanic products, seasoning blends and the Thanksgiving holiday in the United States. In Europe, we have incremental marketing support behind our Vahin dessert page in France and an integrated digital and PR campaign for Slow Cookers in the United Kingdom. And in China, we have new Grinders advertising that features a chef hosting a cooking class with consumers.  Finally, we expect a lift from new products. In addition to items introduced early in 2011, we've launched Recipe Inspirations in the United Kingdom and, in the U.S., a line of authentic Hispanic dry seasoning mixes, premium-grade Grill Mates barbecue sauces, new Lawrys dry seasoning mixes and 4 new reduced sodium dry seasoning mixes. Results from our other reduced sodium products indicate that 75% of sales are incremental for the category.  We have good sales momentum heading into the fourth quarter and an incremental impact from Kamis, Kohinoor and Kitchen Basics. A combination of this increased volume, our pricing actions and some favorable foreign currency exchange rates have us on track to achieve strong sales growth in 2011. Before I turn it over to Gordon, I want to recognize and thank McCormick employees in locations around the world who are driving our success with excellent sales growth, above target CCI savings, completion of acquisitions and a joint venture that expand our global portfolio of leading brands. Gordon?
Gordon M. Stetz: Thanks, Alan, and good morning, everyone. We are pleased with our financial performance for the third quarter. At the bottom line, we achieved $0.69 of earnings per share in the face of significant cost increases and with an increase in our investment in brand marketing support. Our earnings per share this quarter included the benefit of favorable discrete tax items. At the top line, we exceeded our projections for sales growth in many parts of our business. In total, sales for the quarter rose 16% with an 11% increase in local currency. Volume and product mix was up 6%, and the pricing actions we've taken in response to higher material costs added 5%.  As seen on Slide 14, we grew consumer business sales 15%, with a 10% increase in local currency. In the Americas region, we grew consumer business sales 12% in local currency, with equal contributions from volume and product mix and from pricing. About half of the increase in volume and product mix, an estimated $10 million, was the result of customer purchases in advance of a fourth quarter price increase. This buy-in is expected to lower fourth quarter consumer sales in the Americas by $10 million.  Another thing to keep in mind when projecting fourth quarter sales for this part of our business was a shift in sales from the first quarter of 2011 into the fourth quarter of 2010 for an estimated $10 million that related to customer purchases in advance of our previous price increase.  Growth in a number of product lines drove the other half of the increase in volume and product mix in the Americas. During the quarter, we increased our marketing support behind core McCormick products and the Zatarain's brand. This investment drove a significant increase in our McCormick brand dry seasoning mixes, products that consumers can use to make an inexpensive meal for their family, dishes like chili, taco, stews and pasta. We achieved double-digit increases in the sales of Grill Mates, featured in a great digital media campaign, and our authentic Asian products under the Simply Asia and Thai Kitchen brands. Sales of these brands were boosted with some great new products that include a line of dipping sauces.  In the third quarter, we also had a pickup in sales of private label, due in part to our distribution gains in 2011. We are monitoring consumption trends closely and, as Alan indicated, are developing new tools to help optimize price and promotions on brand and private label, both of which offer our retail customers an attractive profit. In Europe, the Middle East and Africa, EMEA, we grew consumer sales 22%, with a 7% increase in local currency. Both pricing and favorable volume and product mix contributed to growth this quarter. This increase is a nice improvement from previous quarters. We continued to have a good performance in France, which benefited from brand marketing support, distribution gains and a number of new product introductions. Also contributing to growth this period were export sales into developing markets. We also saw steadier results in some of the smaller markets like Spain and Portugal, which had steep declines in the year-ago period.  In the U.K., we are operating in a competitive retail environment where private label share has increased in many categories. We have redirected a portion of our brand marketing support to emphasize to consumers the value of our products, and we have also accelerated the development of several new products, which are differentiated from our competitors in the marketplace. While the U.K. continues to be a challenging market, our actions led to a modest increase in volume and product mix this period.  In the Asia Pacific region, consumer sales rose 18% and in local currency were up 3%. Both pricing actions and favorable volume and product mix contributed to this increase. This was led by a 7% increase in China in the third quarter where we have a rebranding initiative underway and some new television advertising.  Operating income for our consumer business increased 5% to $101 million with the favorable impact of higher sales and CCI cost savings. These increases were offset in part by the escalation of material costs and a $7 million increase in brand marketing support.  Let's take a look at the sales performance for our industrial business on Slide 15. For this part of our business, we also grew sales at a double-digit rate, up 17% in total and 12% in local currency. This is particularly impressive given overall food service trends. McCormick continues to benefit from its strong global relationships with some of the top quick-service restaurants, which as a group, are faring better than other restaurant formats in today's environment.  Industrial sales in the Americas grew 14% and in local currency rose 12%. Volume and product mix added 7% of the increase. This was driven in part by a double-digit increase in volume and product mix with food manufacturers, including sales of snack seasonings and ingredients. Many of these products featured all-natural ingredients, reduced sodium and other healthy attributes for which we continue to see high demand. We also increased sales of food service products, led by new products and expanded distribution with quick-service restaurants. Sales of branded food service items to the distributor channel were also up in the third quarter.  In EMEA, our industrial business continued a run of strong sales growth. We grew third quarter sales 21% and in local currency 11%. Favorable volume and product mix added 7%, with the remainder coming from pricing actions. As in the prior 2 quarters, the increase in volume and product mix was led by greater demand from quick-service restaurants for products we supply from operations in the U.K., Turkey and South Africa.  In the Asia Pacific region, industrial business sales rose 30% and in local currency grew 17%. Sales in China drove this result with a 30% increase in local currency this period. We are achieving exceptional growth in this market as we support the rapid expansion of quick-service restaurants. This period, we also benefited from the promotional activities of these customers.  Operating income for the industrial business declined 8% to $28 million in the third quarter. While this business had the benefit of higher sales and CCI cost savings, we were significantly impacted by rising material costs. As Alan described, we are going beyond the key commodities and working with our customers to respond to increases in other ingredients such as spices and herbs with increased pricing. This pricing activity will continue through the next quarter, and because our pricing actions are lagging these cost increases, we expect further profit pressure in our industrial business.  Margins for this business are under pressure due in part to higher costs, as well as the effect of higher prices on net sales when calculating percentage margins. Margin was also impacted by the mix of our business during the third quarter, as a result of buying patterns and other customer activity. Our strategy for the industrial segment continues to be to develop and grow the business through value-added higher-margin products.  For the total business, third quarter operating income rose 2% from the year-ago period, and operating income margin was below the prior year period at 14%. Year-to-date, we have grown operating income 7% and operating income margin is down 30 basis points. At the gross profit line, we achieved a 9% increase in gross profit dollars with the strong sales performance and CCI cost savings. However, gross profit as a percentage of net sales declined 250 basis points. This decrease in gross profit margin was the net effect of increased prices, higher costs and our CCI savings, and the decline is expected to continue into the fourth quarter. As a result, we expect gross profit margin to be down for the fiscal year, which is consistent with the outlook we presented back in January.  SG&A rose 13% from the third quarter of 2010, but as a percentage of sales, SG&A was down 60 basis points. This period, SG&A included an $8 million increase in brand marketing support, up 27% and $1 million of transaction costs related to Kamis and Kohinoor. The tax rate came in favorable at 26.8% due to $5 million of discrete tax items. As you analyze third quarter results, keep in mind that we also had significant discrete tax items in our year-ago results. In the third quarter of 2010, discrete tax items added $16 million to net income. Of this prior year amount, $14 million related to the reversal of a significant tax accrual for a closed tax year. This tax accrual was recorded based on uncertainties about the tax aspects of transactions where the company reorganized its European operations and divested certain joint ventures. This reversal increased earnings per share by $0.10 in the third quarter of 2010 and was treated as a non-GAAP adjustment.  As you think about tax expense in the fourth quarter of 2011, let me remind you that we also had a significant tax variance in the fourth quarter of 2010. During this period, the repatriation of cash from foreign subsidiaries resulted in foreign tax credits in the U.S. that added about $0.08 to earnings per share that quarter.  Moving to income from unconsolidated operations, we had a slight increase this quarter, which was impressive given the impact of higher soybean oil on our joint venture in Mexico where mayonnaise is a leading item. Even with the cost pressure, this business grew sales at a double-digit rate and achieved higher income. Our unconsolidated joint venture in India, Eastern Condiments, also contributed to the higher income, while our smaller joint ventures had a small decline in profit this period. We are not yet reporting any profit from the new joint venture in Turkey but have made great progress in the past year and have launched 42 items nationally with a Ducros and [indiscernible] brand. We are beginning to gain distribution and are encouraged by the early results.  At the bottom line, as shown on Slide 19, earnings per share was $0.69 compared to $0.76 in the third quarter of the prior year. Excluding the impact of the significant tax reversal in the year-ago period, this was an increase of $0.03, an amount comprised of $0.01 from operating profit, including an unfavorable $0.01 from transaction costs related to Kamis and Kohinoor, $0.01 from this year's tax rate when compared to the rate in the third quarter of 2010 and $0.01 from the net impact of smaller items, including our share buyback activity in the past 12 months.  I'd like to turn next to the balance sheet and cash flow. We have discussed the effects of the current economic climate on our income statement and our pricing actions, cost inflation and sales trends. McCormick's balance sheet and cash flow have also been impacted, primarily in our management of working capital. As we have moved into this higher cost environment, we increased our strategic inventory positions in several spices and herbs, crops that do not have hedging options other than outright purchase. We also accumulated higher inventory levels of crops sourced from growing regions exposed to political risks, such as North Africa and Egypt. In addition to higher levels of raw material, the cost of our raw material inventory has led to a significant increase in inventory. Foreign exchange rates is a third factor that affected inventory.  Despite these increases, improving working capital remains an important priority for our business. As indicated last quarter, a key initiative currently underway is the implementation of a new inventory management process in North America. Once we fully implement this system and begin to drive reductions in our inventory in North America, we will turn our attention to implementing these new processes in other parts of our business.  For the 3 quarters ended August 2011, net cash flow from operations was $86 million compared to $185 million in the year-ago period -- I'm sorry, $145 million in the year-ago period. Our growth in net income was more than offset by increased working capital. During the third quarter, we issued $250 million of 10-year, 3.9% notes to finance in part our acquisitions. We also entered into a new 5-year, $600 million revolving credit facility, which replaced our existing $500 million facility, which was due to expire in June of 2012. The all-in drawn pricing on this new credit facility is LIBOR plus 0.875%.  Early in September, we completed our acquisition of Kamis and the Kohinoor joint venture for a combined price of $399 million financed with cash and debt. Our share repurchase program remains curtailed while we pay down the borrowings associated with these investments and return to our target debt level. At August 31, 2011, $270 million remains on our $400 million share repurchase authorization. Even with these purchases and increased working capital, our balance sheet remains strong, and we have the capacity to continue to pursue further success with our acquisition activity.  Let's finish up with our latest financial outlook for 2011 on Slide 21. We are reaffirming the full year guidance set forth in our June earnings call. We expect to grow sales 6% to 8% in local currency, which includes 1% of sales from Kamis and Kohinoor as indicated in our previous outlook. We continue to expect favorable currency to add 2% to sales at prevailing exchange rates. As discussed earlier, for the full year, we are projecting a decline in gross profit margin, at least $50 million in CCI cost savings and an increase in brand marketing support that is in line with our sales growth. For the fourth quarter, we plan to increase marketing support by at least $5 million. Our outlook for 2011 earnings per share remains $2.74 to $2.79. Given our year-to-date results, this implies a range of $0.93 to $0.98 in the fourth quarter.  In our June earnings call, we lowered our earnings per share guidance by $0.06 to reflect an estimated $9 million of transaction costs related to the completion of the Kamis and Kohinoor deals. We incurred $2 million of these costs in the first half of 2011, which lowered earnings per share $0.01. At the time of our June call, we expected to complete these deals by the end of the third quarter and to record the remaining $7 million of transaction costs, which would have lowered our third quarter earnings per share by $0.05. We now expect the transaction cost to total $11 million instead of $9 million. We expect the reduction to 2011 earnings per share to be $0.07 rather than $0.06. Because the Kamis and Kohinoor deals were completed in early September rather than in the third quarter, let me provide you with the timing of these costs.  Of the $11 million, we recorded $2 million in the first half, approximately $2 million in the third quarter and expect to record $7 million in the fourth quarter. Likewise, the reduction to earnings per share impact was $0.01 in the first half, $0.01 in the third quarter and an estimated $0.05 to be recorded in the fourth quarter, adding up to the full year impact of $0.07.  To recap, there is a $0.01 increase in the impact of transaction costs for the full year and a shift of $0.05 that had been in our third quarter outlook and is now expected to be recorded in the fourth quarter.  Let me summarize. McCormick is adapting its business to the challenges of today's environment, adjusting our marketing programs, merchandising activities and product innovation to achieve sales growth. We are carefully managing our pricing actions and our working capital and are driving down costs with our CCI program. As a result, we are well-positioned and have good momentum heading into our fourth quarter and look for 2011 to be a year of strong financial performance.  Thank you, and I would like to turn it over to the operator to take the first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from the line of Thilo Wrede of Jefferies & Company.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Can you give us a little bit more background, have you already filled the channel there? You talked about, I think, 9 SKUs that you have nationwide now. Is there a chance that, that will grow in the future? Any more color would be appreciated.
Alan D. Wilson: Yes, without getting into too many specifics, what we -- we had a regional distribution at Sam's Club for about 2 years. We expanded that earlier this year nationally with some Grill Mates items, and then what we're talking about on this call is expansion of another 9 SKUs, predominantly in the baking area such as extracts and gravy mixes and things like that. We're real pleased with what we've seen there. We can't speculate on what might happen in the future, but we continue to grow and invest with not only that customer, but customers in a number of channels.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then a question about your inventory. Is your inventory still physically increasing? Are you increasing the volume of your inventory, or are the increases now more driven by overall price increases, currency and so on? And if the physical inventory is still growing, when do you expect that to slow down or reverse?
Gordon M. Stetz: The majority of the increase is driven by the cost pressures and the strategic inventory and foreign exchange. So about 45% of the increase is related to cost pressures in the environment we're in. Maybe another quarter of it is related to strategic inventory purchases and maybe another 20% is related to foreign exchange. The volume component is not as big of an issue as the cost pressures. Obviously, the environment we're in, difficult to project cost inflation. It's a volatile environment, but we certainly aren't expecting a retreat in the cost environment anytime soon. So we would expect to start to hopefully see this moderate as we go into 2011 -- I mean, 2012. Our teams are very focused, though. I don't want to say they're not focused on the volume opportunity to try and reduce inventories. So they're looking at their modeling, their safety stock assumptions, their demand planning assumptions. So it's still a big area, but we are feeling it from the cost side.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then one last question about the pricing. You talked about more pricing to come. Are you expecting any major pushback from retailers as you go into the holiday season?
Alan D. Wilson: We're expecting absolutely great execution by retailers as we head into the holiday season. And we have announced and implemented pricing in a number of our markets, the U.S. consumer included. So we'll see the impact of that as we go through, but we feel like we're well-positioned with our display activities, an increase in advertising, which is right on with the kinds of things that we want to drive in the holiday period. So we feel like we're well positioned for the fourth quarter.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Alexia Howard of Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc., Research Division: Just a couple of questions here. A couple of quarters ago, you called out a concern about private label share gains going forward. It seems as though that hasn't played out particularly harshly. Is this less of a concern today? And why -- what do you thinks happened there?
Alan D. Wilson: Well, I think what we have seen is an increase in pricing in private label, which has closed some of those gaps with the brand. Certainly, we're at some pretty high levels in terms of overall pricing points. But as I look at the public data on what's happening with private label, their pricing has increased at a rate that's higher than even the branded on a percentage basis. So I think that's part of what's going on. The other thing is I'd like to think that -- not only like to think, but I'm pretty confident, that our product innovation, our increased advertising is really helping our brands hold up in this environment.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc., Research Division: That's great. And a quick follow-up on the sales in Africa that you mentioned. Are you able to quantify how much benefit you got out of the European sales growth from those sales into Africa this quarter? And could you tell us a little bit about your strategy there? Is it a strategic move? Is it an explicit investment and deployment of resources in the region, or is a bit more opportunistic and pool-based and led by local distributors?
Alan D. Wilson: The first answer is, it had a very minimal impact on our results in Europe this quarter. And it is more opportunistic at this point. We have a nice business in South Africa. We think there's great opportunities. But we are working with distributors in Northern Africa in places like Morocco and Nigeria to build and grow our business. It's a business that we've had for a long time, but we're seeing some success there.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Chris Growe with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Just I wanted to ask you about the -- on the industrial side of the margin in that business, I know obviously there's heavy cost inflation there. But with the volume so strong, I was surprised that the profit declined. I guess one of the things I was thinking about would be how mix played a factor into that. Was that an issue in terms of the profit result in the quarter? Or anything else we could kind of point to for that division?
Alan D. Wilson: Yes, certainly, it was a combination of all other ingredients, those non-major commodities which were a lot higher. Typically, we don't have pricing protocols on those, and so it's more of a negotiation, but they tend to balance each other out. What's happening right now is everything is up and so it's more of a negotiation to be able to implement pricing on those commodities. There absolutely was an impact in our industrial business on the mix of our business and so we sold more of the lower-margin items and less of the higher-margin items in this period, so that was impacting our sales to an extent. Gordon, you want to add on that?
Gordon M. Stetz: No, that's absolutely right. Yes.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Did you indicate then that fourth quarter profits would be down? You mentioned there would be pressure still. Does that mean that you think they'll be down on the fourth quarter?
Gordon M. Stetz: Certainly, the -- as we indicated, the pricing protocols are on a lag, so that's going to put pressure on it. But the thing that can shift quarter-to-quarter is the mix. As Alan indicated, we have had some significant wins on some quick-service restaurants. I'll say that some of those are in the lower margin part of it, so whether they're down or flattish, we don't expect a strong performance in the industrial profitability in the fourth quarter.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. I just wanted to ask a question about 2012. I know you don't want to give guidance, so my question is I think you discussed or mentioned on the call you expect this heavy inflation to continue into next year. Do you expect double-digit inflation in 2012, or is that going too far at this point?
Alan D. Wilson: We do expect to see higher costs continuing into 2012. We don't see, at least in the commodities that impact us, much that's going to cause it to decline or go down. We're expecting in 2012 well continue to see higher costs.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: And double-digit, though, may be going too far at this point to say that?
Gordon M. Stetz: Yes, we're not ready to say that yet, but certainly, you've seen it continue to creep up as we've gone through this year, that's for sure.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Akshay Jagdale with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: My question is more regarding the guidance. So it seems that your guidance for cost is higher than what it was before, you're saying double digits. You had a range before. And acquisition costs are going to be higher, but you didn't change EPS guidance. Is this difference just a lower tax rate, or is there something else in the SG&A line that we should be thinking of, or did I miss something?
Joyce L. Brooks: Actually, this is Joyce, your line is a little unclear, so may I ask you to repeat your question please?
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Sure. Can you hear me now, Joyce?
Joyce L. Brooks: Yes.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. Sorry, my question was regarding guidance. It seems as though your cost guidance now, you're saying it's going to be closer to 10%. Before it was just a range. And you increased your cost guidance on the acquisition, but your EPS guidance range didn't change. Does that mean that the offset, what you're expecting in terms of higher cost, is just a lower tax rate? I mean, I know you also increased your CCI guidance, but I'm just wondering if there's anything else in the SG&A that we may be missing, where you think there's an offset to these costs?
Gordon M. Stetz: Well, there's a number of factors. I mean, obviously the strong sales growth is contributing -- has helped to offset some of those as well. We've also been increasing our advertising and promotion as well to help drive sales. So it's really a combination of factors. I guess my takeaway would be that we're absorbing some of these increased costs, and we're still achieving the results that we laid out for you in the beginning of the year, and that's the strength of our underlying business that's doing that.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: That's helpful. So is it fair to say that the sales have been better than you had expected so far? And how would you characterize your gross profit performance in third quarter relative to your own expectation?
Gordon M. Stetz: Well, certainly, sales have been stronger, and gross profits, it's probably fair to say, its been a little more under more pressure than we had anticipated. I will say we expected it to be under pressure as we proceeded through this year, because we saw the cost increases, as we indicated earlier in the year, with the high-single-digit type numbers. So we expected those to start to occur through the third and fourth quarter. But I will say, it's gotten higher as you can tell, by the increases we've talked about on this call.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Yes, and just one last one, if I may, on marketing spending. I was impressed that even though you've had some margin pressure on the gross profit line, you still continue to invest in your brands. Can you help us understand now with these new acquisitions, should we expect anything different in 2012? I mean, how are you feeling overall about your level of marketing support as a percentage of sales? Are you thinking to continue to move that up, and how much room is there to move it up?
Alan D. Wilson: Well, it's early to call 2012. But our pattern and our expectation is that we'll continue to increase marketing spending either slightly above or pretty much in line with our sales increases. In terms of the new brands that we've acquired, they have good marketing programs. We expect to continue to build on those and bring product innovation to them. So I would expect -- our expectation is to continue to drive our brands with marketing as we have the last several years.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Rob Moskow with Crdit Suisse Group.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: A few details. Gordon, I would like it if you could give us a tax rate estimate for fourth quarter. I know you've given us an EPS range, but it could be anything from 26% to 31%, from what I can tell. Second, did you give any reason for why the transaction costs are higher on these acquisitions? What was the -- most of the time in these estimates, you should be conservative in your estimates, and this time we're running higher than expected. And then lastly, I guess for Alan, on the industrial business. A lot of us remember the restructuring of the industrial business many years ago. I think it made the organization stronger. And I'm just wondering if with your basic customers now and with the way the organization is structured, are you better prepared for this inflationary period on your non-traded commodity costs?
Gordon M. Stetz: Sure. Fourth quarter, the underlying rate has been 31% as we progress through this year. That has been the constant. The more difficult component is sometimes the discrete items. But if you think of about 31% rate for the fourth quarter, and these transaction costs, a lot of them are nondeductible, thatll push the rate up even higher, so it could be as high as 33%. So the only caveat I have is you sometimes have these discrete items that occur that can impact that. But we would expect it to be closer to a 33%-type rate based on the underlying rate of 31% and the transaction cost impact. In terms of the estimate of the due diligence costs, clearly, it went a little longer. We were anticipating this being done in the third quarter. You have to go through various regulatory filings, due diligence, et cetera with these transactions, so the only answer I can give you is that it took a little longer, it's a little more expensive than we had anticipated. That's really all that had occurred.
Alan D. Wilson: In terms of the industrial question, we do believe that our strategy to focus on major significant strategic customers is the right strategy. I do believe we're well-positioned to deal with the high commodity. We continue to gain business. We continue to grow. What we saw this time, though, is  its something that we learned, is we have to continue to adjust our pricing protocols in a different environment. And I think we're very well positioned to do that. I know that's going to take some time and a lot of effort, but I think we're well positioned.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Alan, what kind of a pushback are you getting from these strategic customers on your efforts to take your prices up?
Alan D. Wilson: Well, in most cases, our customers understand the pricing pressure, but it's always a discussion, it's always a difficult conversation because we're not the only ones walking in with increased prices, and they're seeing it across the board. And just like we'd see in our customer business, they're seeing an impact with consumers as they continue to take higher pricing. I would say we're having constructive discussions, and we're working our way through these, but it's always a process and conversation.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Mitch Pinheiro with Janney Montgomery Scott.
Mitchell B. Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: First, could you give us some idea of what the pricing actions are, the magnitude for consumer and the industrial in the fourth quarter?
Alan D. Wilson: Yes. In general, it's about a 5% increase in consumer as we go into the fourth quarter. Some items are almost nothing, some items are more like double digit, some of the commodities have really surged. Industrial, it's a little harder to pin down the specific pricing as we go into the quarter because a lot of it's commodity, depends on when customers make contract decisions and things like that. Because we'll price it based on the market at the time that we make those decisions. But the overall impact we expect is going to be in that 5% range.
Mitchell B. Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: And 5% for the combined?
Alan D. Wilson: For the combined across the board. And I know that, that kind of translates into an expectation that's about 5% in industrial as well, but that's the way we see it today.
Mitchell B. Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay. How does your cost coverage look, commodity costs? How far out are you bought?
Alan D. Wilson: Well, we don't disclose specifically how far we are, and it varies by commodity. But a good part of that inventory increase are positions that we've taken that will help us into next year that are at rates that are below the current market.
Mitchell B. Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Roughly, what percentage of your industrial business do you have a relationship where you're having like a direct pass-through, where you're buying for your customers directly?
Alan D. Wilson: That's a tough percentage for me to get to without kind of backing into it. But with most of our major customers on major commodities, we have those protocols. The thing that makes it a little hard to get to is depending on the products, the major commodities will be a big part or a smaller part of the costs that go into it. So it's just hard to quantify that.
Mitchell B. Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay. As far as -- any channel mix dynamics in the consumer side that you can point out to as either different or changing?
Alan D. Wilson: Well, we're certainly seeing consumers shopping in more alternative channels like dollar and in club. That's just been a shift that's been ongoing and accelerated in this environment. That's why we feel good about our strategy to continue to expand our brand presence in those channels.
Mitchell B. Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay, last question. As you look out, you were very positive earlier in the year about the pipeline for innovation, new products with your larger industrial customers. As we're entering the end of the year here, how does it look as you look out for the next 6 months?
Alan D. Wilson: The industrial pipelines still pretty good. And we expect that's going to continue just like we've seen. We're positive on our consumer innovation as well. Everybody recognizes, to continue to grow and to continue to deal with some of these cost pressures, we have to innovate. We have to find things that excite consumers because they're willing to spend when the items are right and priced right and really do bring innovation. So we're seeing a pretty good pipeline and continued activity with technical development in -- with our other customers.
Mitchell B. Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: I said last question. I do have one more, sorry. In your marketing spend, where are you seeing your greatest success, your best ROI?
Alan D. Wilson: Without question, it's in the digital area. It's a very effective and efficient spend. It lends itself very well to the kinds of products that we sell, the recipe marketing, the word-of-mouth and the excitement that comes with it, and we're going to continue to shift our spend more aggressively in that area.
Joyce L. Brooks: We're coming up on 9:00. We've got a number of folks still in the queue, so we'll go as long as -- we'll try to get through everybody. We'll just ask you to limit your questions, please, going forward.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Ann Gurkin with Davenport and Company.
Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: Just want to continue the discussion on the industrial business. You talked about this just briefly a minute ago. But is there any pullback from customers as they see these higher price increases? Are you seeing any change in demand from the industrial customers?
Alan D. Wilson: We're not necessarily seeing a change in industrial customers and pullback, but we are seeing a shift. As a for instance, food service distributors are a big part of our business and an important part of our business because we're selling branded products that carry good margins, and that part of the segments under pressure. We're seeing pretty good success with our quick-service restaurants, restaurant customers.
Operator: Our next question is from Eric Katzman of Deutsche Bank.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I guess the sales looked quite good broadly across the business, so compliments to that in this environment. But just a couple of quick ones. One, I thought that the pricing in consumer is usually taken early in the year, and you try not to put something through as we kind of get right into the holiday season. So Alan, what gives you confidence that putting through pricing even on some of the basic spice stuff isn't going to be met with consumer elasticity?
Alan D. Wilson: We are in a little bit of a new world because it's been more than a decade since we've taken pricing as we head into the fourth quarter in our, at least our U.S. consumer business, and we are watching those elasticities pretty closely. We felt that we were at a point where we didn't have a choice because of the increased costs, and our customers have understood that. But we're going to continue to drive the investment in brand marketing, the display activity and our promotion plans through the fourth quarter. So we think we're positioned to help deal with that, but we are in a little bit of new territory.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then just on the industrial side. I guess I'm very surprised at the comments around the protocols because ever since vanilla hit, my impression at least was that these protocols covered pretty much everything. And it seems to me that you can always hedge the major ingredients like soybean oil or wheat or what have you, and it was the items that are more obscure were the ones where you were in protocols and agreements with whatever it is to whichever customer it is to not get this kind of hit or exposure. So I don't really understand what's happened and why, again, why the contracts aren't kind of broadly covering -- or the protocols aren't broadly covering the stuff that's hard to hedge to begin with?
Alan D. Wilson: Well, weve -- the biggest thing is those major commodities we've had less control of and the minor commodities have not typically been volatile. They tend to offset each other, they tended to be more consistent and reliable, but what we're seeing is a continued upward pressure now that's forcing us to really change how we do that. And so it's been a challenge to get those kinds of things passed through, that it's just taken some time. So we're working through them, but our protocols really do address those major commodities where we can buy collaboratively with our customers.
Gordon M. Stetz: And the only thing I'll add is it's not all due to that. Again, we talked about a mix component as well. So I don't want to get that lost in the dialogue, either.
Operator: Our next question is from Erin Lash of Morningstar.
Erin Swanson Lash - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: I was wanting to talk about acquisitions. Obviously, you've been quite acquisitive this year and you discussed the fact that you still have an appetite for acquisitions, and I was curious where you felt some of those opportunities might lie, depending on region, category, that sort of thing?
Alan D. Wilson: Sure. The acquisitions that we've made this year are acquisitions that we've worked on for a long time. And we've been very interested and continue to expand in emerging markets, Eastern Europe, India, China and Latin America. We will continue to pursue growth areas in those markets. In our more developed markets like Western Europe and North America, we like to do tuck-in kind of acquisitions where flavor really matters, and that's why we're doing -- we did Kitchen Basics in the past quarter because we believe we can bring innovation and continue to help people in how they cook in a segment that consumers continue to grow in. So we believe that our acquisition strategy does 2 things: it expands the categories we're in, but it expands geographically where we are. And as you've seen through our history, acquisitions are about 1/3 of our growth rate over the last 10 or 12 years.
Erin Swanson Lash - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: That's very helpful. I just had one quick follow-up. You mentioned I think last quarter that retailers were emphasizing or promoting private label products versus branded, and I was wondering what you're seeing now and how you are thinking about that going into the fourth quarter with your planned price increases?
Alan D. Wilson: Well, we're still seeing retailers promote private label, but as we always do in the fourth quarter, we expect to see consumers buy the brands because they trust the products for their holiday meals, and our display activity ramps up so aggressively in the fourth quarter that we always see our shares go up in the fourth quarter. So we expect to see that continue.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Robert Dickerson with Consumer Edge.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: Just 2 very short ones. I know we're short on time. Just one was your FX guidance of the 2% for the year. Is there any risk do you think to that as we go into Q4, just considering the appreciation we've seen in the dollar over the past month?
Gordon M. Stetz: There's always risk in a volatile world with currency, but we got 3/4 of the year behind us. I know, obviously, this is the biggest quarter we're entering into, but FX, as you saw in the results, was 4.6% favorability. So it's our best guess at the moment given the rate environment.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: Okay, fine. And I think you stated early on in your prepared remarks that you were tracking along to still meet your profit target or operating profit target. And correct me if I'm wrong, but I thought, I haven't checked this recently, but I thought your top line guidance originally for the year was 5%, 7% growth and then EPS was 5%, 7% growth. I thought you were guiding to like the 0 to negative 2% operating profit growth for the year. Is that what you were referring to? And either way, is that a reasonable profit target for the year, or just any comments on that?
Gordon M. Stetz: Our guidance have always been mostly around the top line and the earnings per share, which has been consistent all year long. The only change to the guidance that we've made that weve tried to make clear here is, obviously, the impact of all these acquisitions. Other than the acquisition impact, weve really been consistent since the beginning of the year on EPS and top line guidance, as well as the gross profit margin, where we've been indicating all along that we expect to see it down versus prior year.
Operator: Our next question is from Andrew Lazar, Barclays Capital.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just one quick follow-up on inflation. Of the, I guess, double-digit inflation that you're looking for in input cost this year, can you give us a little bit of a sense of kind of how that tracked? So maybe directionally what it was in the first half, maybe what you saw in terms of year-over-year inflation in the third quarter, so we can get a sense of how that flows into the fourth? Does it ramp up dramatically into the fourth from here? Just trying to get a better read on that.
Gordon M. Stetz: Obviously, as we started the year, as we indicated, we had gross profit margin improvement in the first quarter. People recall, and we were making sure people are aware that we did not expect that to continue as we saw the increases start to occur as we progressed through the year. We obviously knew the third and fourth quarters, wed experience it the most, so I would suggest that what you just saw in the third quarter is probably what we could potentially expect going into the fourth quarter. You do have a shift of business mix in the fourth quarter as the consumer part of our business ends up being a much bigger part of the portfolio, but I'd say the types of increases that we expected are starting to occur  they occurred in Q3 and will occur in Q4.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And my last, is it fair to say that the lag that you saw and expect a little bit more in terms of pricing versus cost is more due to really trying to -- seeing where costs kind of went more recently and then thinking obviously out into 2012 versus having tried to get pricing through a little earlier but running into roadblocks or delays from a, whatever, retailer or consumer standpoint?
Alan D. Wilson: Yes, we really haven't seen an impact in any delays. It's more accelerating costs that are driving the need for pricing, and so it's less of -- certainly, we have to negotiate pricing, but we haven't seen any delays in getting it implemented. It's more the costs have gone quicker. And I will say that part of our culture is that pricing is one of the last levers we want to pull as a company. And so our teams try to do everything they can to manage costs and work with customers before we pull that pricing lever. But we're just in an environment where we have to pull it faster.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we are almost out of time for questions. We have time for one final question from the line of Chuck Cerankosky with Northcoast Research.
Charles Edward Cerankosky - Northcoast Research: Wanted to ask about the acquisition environment. With the pressure on raw material cost increases, working capital pressures, capital availability in general, what are you seeing that doing to the people you've been talking to?
Alan D. Wilson: Well, certainly, the environment is impacting everyone, and different companies are in a different position with being able to take pricing, again depending on the market that theyre in and the strength of their business. We don't think that's going to either cause people to be more aggressive at selling their businesses or less willing to sell their business. I think it's less of an impact, but it certainly will impact how we value businesses as we go forward. Go ahead, Chuck. I'm sorry.
Charles Edward Cerankosky - Northcoast Research: I was just going to say about their working capital investments, just carrying inventories going up for them, is that hastening their decision to sell at all?
Alan D. Wilson: I don't know that it's hastening their decision, but we certainly see it impact the balance sheet. Im going to
Charles Edward Cerankosky - Northcoast Research: All right. Then what do you expect retailers to be doing over the next couple quarters as you try to push through additional pricing?
Alan D. Wilson: Well, I think retailers are responding the way that they typically have, and we saw that as we headed into the fourth quarter where retailers did -- there was some amount of buy-in, in advance of the price increase. But I expect that retailers are doing the same things in our category that they are in others, and those are finding -- those prices are finding their way to the shelves.  I want to thank everybody for participating. I know it's been a long call, but I did want to quickly wrap up. And several factors impacted our results this period, things like discrete tax items and the timing of our acquisition costs. And while those make the job of analyzing results and projecting our outlook a little tougher, we hope that we provided you what you need. We do want to leave you with a couple of key takeaways.  First, we demonstrated our ability to implement pricing actions while achieving higher volume and product mix in our year-to-date results. Secondly, we're adapting our business to the economic environment and today's consumer, our product innovation and additional brand marketing support and are vigorously pursuing distribution opportunities. And third, we're investing for growth with accretive acquisitions and joint ventures while we exercise financial discipline and maintaining a strong balance sheet. I appreciate your attention, and I'll turn it over to Joyce to wrap up.
Joyce L. Brooks: Thanks, Alan. Ill leave my thanks to those listening on today's call. Through October 5, you may access a telephone replay of the call by dialing (877) 660-6853. The account number for this replay is 309, and the ID number is 377603. You can also listen to a replay on our website later today. If anyone has additional questions regarding today's information, I'd welcome a call at my number (410) 771-7244. This concludes our call.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-06-30 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Gordon Stetz - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President, Director and Chairman of Investment Committee Alan Wilson - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Joyce Brooks - Vice President of Investor Relations and Member of Investment Committee
Analysts: Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc. Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG Eric Serotta - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Company, Inc.
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the McCormick's Second Quarter 2011 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Joyce Brooks, Vice President, Investor Relations for McCormick. Thank you. Ms. Brooks, you may begin.
Joyce Brooks: Good morning to everyone on today's call and to those joining us by webcast. The purpose of our call is to provide an update on our business, review McCormick's second quarter financial results and share our latest 2011 outlook. We've posted a set of slides to accompany today's call at our web site, ir.mccormick.com. Joining us for the call are Alan Wilson, Chairman, President and CEO; and Gordon Stetz, Executive Vice President, CFO and Treasurer. Alan is going to start with the business review and discussion of the recent business agreements and transactions. Gordon will follow with the review of our second quarter financial results and an update to our 2011 outlook. After that, we look forward to discussing your questions. As a reminder, our presentation today contains projections and other forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from those projected. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or other factors. In addition, certain information we will present today are non-GAAP measures. This includes annual financial results from 2010 and prior years that exclude items affecting comparability. We present this non-GAAP information for comparative purposes alongside the most directly comparable GAAP measures. Reconciliations of GAAP to non-GAAP measures can be found in the presentation slides for our call. It's now my pleasure to turn this discussion over to Alan.
Alan Wilson: Thanks, Joyce. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. Some of you that dialed in on our last quarterly call in March remarked that it was an unusually short call. I don't know that anybody was actually complaining, but in our efforts to exceed your expectation, you'll find this morning's call a little bit longer, since we've got a lot of really good news to report. The good news starts with our latest financial performance and a double-digit increase in sales and profit for the second quarter. This was accomplished in an economic environment that remains challenging for McCormick, as well as our customers and our consumers. Both our Consumer and Industrial segments achieved a strong sales performance. Through new products, increased distribution and our brand marketing, we were able to offset areas of weakness in certain parts of the business. On the cost front, we were effectively managing through a volatile and inflationary material cost environment with our pricing actions and through our Comprehensive Continuous Improvement program, CCI, which is now expected to generate at least $45 million in cost savings in 2011. Following the end of our quarter, we announced 2 agreements: Kohinoor and Kamis, that gave us a leap forward in execution against our emerging market strategy. Let me begin with an update on our sales and profit growth initiatives and then share with you why we are so excited about the news in Kohinoor and Kamis. As I indicated, one key driver of second quarter sales was our new product activity. In our Consumer business, the U.S. relaunch of our frozen Zatarains line with new packaging, new graphics and simpler ingredients, led to a 16% increase in unit sales with 11 of the top 25 grocery customers accepting an average of 6 items. We're rolling out 3 new flavors including Big Easy Rice Bowl and French Quarter Pasta Bake. Unit sales of Recipe Inspirations are up nearly 20% year-to-date in the U.S., which includes the introduction of 6 World Flavors. Also in the U.S., many of you have seen our new Grill Mates varieties of seasoning blends, marinades and rubs, which helped drive a 5% unit increase for Grill Mates in the first half. In France, we're boosting sales of new products for both our Ducros brand of spices and seasonings, as well as 21 new Vahin brand dessert items. The new Ducros items include a line of organic spices and herbs, seasoning blends, adjustable grinders and an environmentally friendly refill box; 16 items in total. Moving to our Asia/Pacific region, Thai Chili Sauce, which we introduced in 2010, continues to grow and will be launched in additional markets in the second half. In Australia, we've introduced One Pot meals to bring together convenience and flavor with dishes like Chicken and Leek Casserole. On the Industrial side of our business, we've maintained a strong new product pipeline across our global regions in support of our food service customers and those food manufacturers we serve. In the Americas, we've increased sales with seasonings for snacks that feature natural ingredients. That's a key McCormick strength. In the quarter, we gained acceptance for new serial flavors and new sauces. Our Industrial business in EMEA has had a string of quarters with strong sales growth and the second quarter was no exception. A 4% increase in volume and product mix in this most recent quarter included sales of additional Ducros and Vahin-branded items in the food service distributor channel and several new sauces for quick-service restaurants. We also had recent new product wins with food manufacturers that include flavors for snack nuts and for Mexican meals. Innovative beverage flavors for quick-service restaurants in Asia rounds out the new product activity for our Industrial business. 1/3 of sales growth is expected to come from new products, and we've got a lot on board and in the pipeline to meet this objective. We look for another 1/3 of sales to come from base business growth, which we are driving with increased distribution and effective marketing.  Let me share the latest news, starting with distribution gains. Second quarter sales included incremental Consumer business in the U.S. that we announced in the past 12 months. We've commented previously on our expansion in club stores, and I'm pleased to report that we've expanded 2 of our leading Grill Mates items nationally in warehouse clubs. Also driving growth is a new private label business with a grocery retailer and a leading drug chain that we mentioned earlier in 2011. In recent weeks, we've also won the private label business for a leading dollar store chain, and we'll start to supply these products later in 2011. In Europe, we're also making great strides with new distribution. In France, you can find our Ducros brand in nearly every grocery retailer except one, which is historically offered only private label. Our sales team has now negotiated acceptance of 55 Ducros items with this retailer. And in Portugal, we recently won distribution of our Margot brand items with a leading discount retailer. Distribution gains continue to drive our business in China as we expand in the new cities and new distribution points including street markets. Moving to the Industrial business, our distribution gains include the supply of additional regions in the U.S. for a quick-service restaurant customer. We announced this earlier in 2011 and are starting to see the benefit on our top line. In our EMEA region, we're building distribution in food service through our joint ventures in both Turkey and South Africa. And as part of our growth in emerging markets in Asia, we've begun to supply flavor products to support the expansion of a major quick-service restaurant customer in India. Turning to brand marketing, we have some additional business highlights. During the quarter, we launched a major new marketing campaign for Hispanic consumers in the U.S., our largest to date. This integrated program includes an Asando Sabroso tour, which means grilling with flavor in Spanish, with 26 planned stops featuring product samples, flavor ideas and donations as part of a program to establish scholarships for Latino students. The campaign also includes television advertising on Hispanic networks, regional radio ads and in-store displays and recipes. We've launched the Spanish language website that encourages exploration of new flavors and recipe sharing. This is an important initiative that in the second quarter helped drive double-digit sales growth of our Hispanic products in the U.S. and that we will continue to run in the second half of 2011. With an increase of 150% in our 2011 social media spending, we're gaining traction with consumers. In the U.K., we launched Schwartz Cooking Club across Facebook, Twitter and YouTube in May, with 71 million ad impressions planned for the next 3 months. In the U.S., our Grill Mates Facebook fans recently grew by 100,000 in a recent 2-week period, gaining an average of about 10,000 new fans a day. We have an event underway where consumers can get their photo posted on a grill on the NASDAQ video screen in Time Square both at Memorial Day and over the Fourth of July. And in the second quarter, we launched the second addition of our Flavor Forecast in China with much fanfare. To summarize our sales initiative, while we're certainly feeling some impact of higher prices during this period, we're driving sales with innovative products, expanded distribution, and by reaching consumers with marketing programs that build awareness and usage of our great products. Heading into 2011, we were faced with significant cost increases in our raw and packaging materials. Midway through the year, we're seeing further increases in some material costs, including commodities we use in our industrial products such as soybean oil, dairy ingredients and wheat. While our pricing actions have provided an important offset in 2011, of equal importance, our efforts to improve productivity and reduce cost through our CCI program. Our teams throughout McCormick have made excellent progress in 2011, and we now expect to deliver at least $45 million in cost savings from this program. Gordon plans to provide some additional remarks on our latest outlook for the impact of CCI, pricing, cost inflation and the impact on our gross profit and gross profit margins in 2011. On June 1, we were pleased to announce an agreement to form a joint venture with Kohinoor Foods Ltd. to market and sell branded basmati rice and food products in India. McCormick will invest $115 million for an 85% interest in this new joint venture. Basmati rice is a cornerstone of Indian cuisine, and Kohinoor is a leading brand with more than a 15% share. With sales of $85 million, this business has an extensive distribution network, a 350,000 retailers and the ability to scale to a national brand in India. Sales of Kohinoor have been growing at a double-digit pace. Consumers in India, view basmati rice as a premium item and have been shifting their purchases toward branded basmati rice. In addition to expanded distribution, we'll work to grow sales and profits of this business by developing new products under the popular Kohinoor brand through consumer marketing and by applying the latest food technologies and global best practices to this joint venture. Kohinoor is a great next step for McCormick, which builds upon our other investments in India and offers a new avenue for growth. Earlier this week, we signed an agreement with the owner of Kamis to purchase 100% of the shares of this business for approximately $291 million. Kamis is a strategic acquisition for McCormick that establishes a foothold in Eastern and Central Europe and is an excellent complement to our leading brands in the U.K., France and other parts of Western Europe. Kamis is a brand leader in Poland, with more than $100 million in annual sales. The brand has category shares in Poland of approximately 45% in spices and seasonings and 30% in mustard, as well as subsidiaries in Russia, Romania, the Ukraine and exports into a number of Central and Eastern European countries. More than 1/3 of consumers in Poland purchase seasonings at least every 2 weeks. Across its entire portfolio, Kamis is growing sales at a mid-single-digit rate. Established in 1991, this business has a modern production facility near Warsaw and about 1,250 employees. Upon closing, Kamis will report into Malcolm Swift, our President of Europe, Middle East and Africa. Our growth plans for this business include product innovation, building brand marketing support, introducing certain products that we offer in other European markets into some of the Kamis markets and expanding the Kamis brand into other Central and Eastern European markets.  Between these 2 deals, our business development team has been really busy and with great results. And our integration teams are formed and well underway. My congratulations to them. It was just 4 years -- 4 months ago at the CAGNY conference where I shared with you a goal to build our percentage of sales in emerging markets from 9% in 2010 to 12% by 2015. With Kamis and Kohinoor, we expect more than 12% of McCormick's 2012 sales to come from emerging markets. Before I turn it over to Gordon for a closer look at the second quarter and review of our latest outlook for the year, I'd like to acknowledge the achievements of all McCormick employees around the world. They are behind our second quarter performance and success with our growth initiatives, whether it's new product development, distribution wins, CCI activity or these latest acquisitions. I applaud their efforts, and I'm really proud to be part of this excellent team. Gordon?
Gordon Stetz: Thanks, Alan, and good morning, everyone. Today's announcement of our second quarter sales and profit performance demonstrates the strength of our brands and the effectiveness of our CCI program. We are particularly pleased to be delivering year-to-date high performance across most of our operating units. Let's start with a closer look at top line results. There has been a lot of interest in our pricing activities, so let me begin with a few general remarks and then move into a discussion of our 2 segments.  In response to higher raw and packaging material costs, we began to implement pricing actions early in fiscal year 2011. In the second quarter, pricing added 3% to our sales growth -- all right, let me correct that, in the first quarter, pricing added 3% to our sales growth. In the second quarter, our pricing actions were more fully in place for our Consumer business, and we continue to pass-through higher costs with increases to industrial customers. As a result, pricing added nearly 5% to second quarter sales. Keep in mind that as we head into the third quarter of 2011, we will begin to lap some significant pricing on pepper that was taken in August 2010. As indicated on Slide 14, in the Americas region, Consumer business sales were up 9%. Our pricing actions accounted for 7% of this increase, and we grew volume and product mix by 2% in the quarter. This increase was led by authentic regional cuisine in the U.S. and dry seasoning mixes and Billy Bee Honey in Canada. Unit sales of Zatarain's branded products rose 16% as a result of distribution gains for frozen products and incremental marketing behind the brand. We grew net sales of Hispanic items in the U.S. at a double-digit pace through our direct store delivery system in Western markets and the campaign Alan described. For many of our other products, we believe the emphasis by certain retailers on private label limited our sales growth during this period. We are responding to this environment by analyzing and adjusting our promotional activities, launching differentiated new products and ensuring we have good distribution of our products, both brand and private label, in all channels. Consumer sales in EMEA increased 10% and in local currency rose 2%. In this region, pricing of 4% was offset in part by a 2% decline in volume and product mix. This was an improvement from a 6% decline in volume and product mix during the first quarter. What we saw in this most recent period were mixed results. Sales of our Ducros and Vahin brands in France benefited from new product introductions and product distribution. Increases in developing markets related primarily to distribution gains. In the U.K. and the Netherlands, we experienced volume and product mix declines. In these countries, consumers remained under pressure and a competitive retail environment has led to aggressive actions with private label items in many categories. As stated in the first quarter, we are addressing this situation by: first, redirecting a portion of brand marketing support to emphasize the value of our products; second, accelerating new product activity to differentiate from private label; and third, working to improve our in-store merchandising. In the Asia/Pacific region, Consumer business sales rose 23% and in local currency were up 13%. The result this quarter was led by China, where we grew sales, volume and product mix with our efforts to introduce new products and expand distribution geographically and into additional retail channels. This pace of growth in China is on top of a double-digit sales increase in the second quarter of 2010. Operating income for our consumer business was $77 million, a 13% increase from the second quarter of 2010. We achieved this increase largely through higher sales and CCI cost savings. Recall that in the second quarter of 2010, we increased our brand marketing by 18% to support the launch of Recipe Inspirations and Perfect Pinch in the U.S. This year, we maintained nearly the same level of spending with incremental marketing support behind Zatarains and Hispanic products in the U.S., as well as social media activity in a number of markets. Let's take a look at the sales performance for our Industrial business by region on Slide 15. In each region, we have taken pricing actions with our industrial customers to pass-through increased material costs, and we expect this pattern to continue for the next 2 quarters. Industrial sales in the Americas grew 9% and in local currency were up 8%, with similar increases in volume and product mix and in pricing. Volume and product mix this period was driven by new products and increased demand by food manufacturers for snack seasonings, cereal flavors and other products. We continue to see a robust pipeline of new products that include simple ingredients, a healthier profile and ethnic flavors. Also in the Americas, sales to the food service industry were comparable to the second quarter of 2010. We have stronger sales to quick-service restaurants that included new products and expanded distribution, but saw some weakness this period in the sale of branded food service items. In EMEA, our Industrial business posted yet another quarter of strong sales growth. We grew second quarter sales 13% and in local currency, 7%. Volume and product mix drove this increase, as well as our pricing actions. Demand from quick-service restaurants continues to be the key sales driver in this region. We saw particular strength in the sales of products that we manufacture in our facilities in Turkey and South Africa. In fact, we just increased production capacity in our consolidated industrial joint venture in Turkey by 26%. In the Asia/Pacific region, Industrial business sales rose 21% and in local currency, 12%. This increase builds on a 13% increase in the second quarter of 2010. It is also a sequential turnaround from the first quarter of 2011 when sales were affected by the emphasis on certain menu items by our quick-service restaurant customers. This quarter, we benefited from some new products for these customers, along with support for their business-building activity in India. Across all regions, operating income for our Industrial business rose 10% from the year-ago period to $32 million in the second quarter of 2011. This increase was driven by higher sales and CCI cost savings. We were able to improve our operating profit margin through CCI and a shift in mix toward more value-added products, achieving 8.4% in the second quarter. We were pleased with this improvement, given the downward pressure on margins that is created by our pricing protocol in an inflationary environment in which we adjust prices dollar-per-dollar to reflect changes in material costs. For the total business, second quarter operating income rose 12% from the year-ago period, following a 12% increase in the first quarter. Operating income margin was up slightly from last year at 12.4%. Gross profit margin on the other hand was down 120 basis points. This was a reversal from 130 basis point increase in the first quarter.  Heading into the first quarter, we had some lower cost inventory in the system and didn't experience the full effect of higher material costs. By the second quarter, a greater impact of higher material and packaging costs had worked their way into our cost of goods sold. We succeeded in offsetting the dollar impact of higher costs with our pricing actions and CCI cost savings. However, the net effect of these factors caused gross profit, as a percent of net sales, to decline in the second quarter. McCormick employees are achieving excellent results with CCI, and we have increased our projected cost savings for 2011. However, material costs continue to escalate. From our initial cost inflation estimate of 7% to 8% for the year, we are seeing further increases into the second half of our fiscal year. While we expect pricing actions and CCI cost savings to continue to offset the dollar impact of higher costs, we also expect a decline in gross profit margin to continue into the second half. SG&A rose 5% from the second quarter of 2010, but as a percentage of sales, was down 140 basis points. The tax rate was in line with our guidance at 31.1%, up slightly from 30.2% in the year-ago period. Keep in mind that for the next 2 quarters of 2011, we will be comparing to a third and fourth quarter in 2010 that both had very favorable tax rates. As projected, income from unconsolidated operations was down slightly in the quarter. The primary reason for the decline was the impact of higher soybean oil on our joint venture in Mexico, where mayonnaise is a leading item. The fundamentals of our joint venture's performance remain solid, including aggregate sales growth of 24%, of which about half is due to the incremental impact of Eastern condiments in India, which is performing right on plan and half from increases across our other joint ventures. At the bottom line, as shown on Slide 17, earnings per share was $0.55 compared to $0.49 in the second quarter of the prior year. This $0.06 increase came from higher operating income. I'd like to turn next to the balance sheet and cash flow. During the quarter, we spent $39 million to repurchase 807,000 shares at an average cost of $48.32. At the end of May, $270 million remained on our $400 million share repurchase authorization. In mid-May, we curtailed our share repurchase activity in anticipation of our acquisition activities. We expect to use a combination of cash and debt to finance our recently announced transactions. Net cash flow from operations was $36 million for the first 6 months of 2011. This is down from $65 million in the year-ago period. Net increase -- net income has increased in 2011, and we have improved our receivables collections. However, as we saw in the first quarter, inventory has increased since our 2010 fiscal year end. This increase is driven in part by higher material costs, currency impact and inventory positions. The higher cost of raw and packaging materials mean that the inventory we hold also has a higher cost, which accounted for about one quarter of the increase versus the year-ago inventory balance. The impact of currency added another 20% of increase. And as we mentioned last quarter, in response to world events and potential supply issues, we are currently holding certain positions of spices and herbs to assure a steady supply of high-quality products for our customers. This accounts for more than half of the remaining increase. In the face of these increases, we are very focused on lowering our inventory levels. One initiative currently underway is the implementation of new inventory management processes in North America. Once we fully implement this system and begin to drive reductions in our inventory in North America, we will turn our attention to implementing those new processes in other parts of our business. Given our current inventory level, the continuing cost pressure and the importance of holding strategic inventory in this environment, we are not likely to reach the goal set in April 2010, which is to reduce our cash conversion cycle by 10 days by 2012. We achieved the reduction of 3 days in 2010, but do not expect to see further progress in 2011. Be assured that activity to improve our working capital continues. We remain committed to improving our cash conversion cycle, and we'll revise the goal once we have better visibility in this volatile cost environment. I'm going to wrap up our remarks with our latest financial outlook for 2011. During my review of McCormick's second quarter results, I provided some comments about certain aspects of our projections for the balance sheet of -- balance of the year as they relate to our existing business. Let me summarize this outlook and then incorporate the impact of the 2 transactions that Alan discussed. We are including them in our guidance at this time, because we have a high degree of confidence they will be completed later this quarter, most likely by the end of the third quarter. So on Slide 19, starting with our base business, we are reaffirming expected sales growth of 5% to 7% in local currency. Although at this point in the year, we are seeing more of a shift toward pricing within this range. Another 1% of growth is expected in incremental sales, with 3 months of the Kohinoor and Kamis businesses. This takes our sales growth outlook in local currency to 6% to 8%. Based on prevailing currency exchange rates, the impact of foreign currency is now expected to add 2% to sales, up from our earlier estimate of 1%. Turning to earnings per share on Slide 20, we began the year with a $2.80 to $2.85 range. We are reaffirming this range for our base business. This may seem overly conservative given the double-digit increases achieved in each of the first 2 quarters. However, we remain cautious about the impact of the global economy on our consumers and on our retail and industrial customers. In addition, as I stated earlier, we are facing further increases in material costs. While we do not typically comment on specific quarters, I have a few quick remarks on the third and fourth quarters of 2011 and ask that you keep in mind for any financial projections.  As I mentioned earlier, we had some significant tax rate variances that boosted earnings per share in both the third and fourth quarters of 2010. In the third quarter of 2010, we recorded the reversal of a significant tax accrual, which increased GAAP EPS by $0.10 to $0.76 but was excluded from our adjusted EPS of $0.66. In the fourth quarter of 2010, a favorable tax rate added $0.09, which was included in EPS of $0.99. Another thing I'd like to point out, based on our marketing plans for the third quarter of 2011, we expect to increase brand spending by at least $6 million as we continue our Hispanic campaign, add incremental support for Zatarains and emphasize a brand value message to consumers. Now to update our 2011 earnings per share for the anticipated impact of the 2 transactions. We expect to report approximately $9 million in acquisition-related costs related to Kohinoor and Kamis, which will lower 2011 EPS by $0.06 to $2.74 to $2.79. As for the timing of these acquisition-related costs, $2 million was recorded in SG&A in the second quarter, which lowered EPS by $0.01. We expect to complete these transactions in the next few months and record the remaining $7 million in the third quarter, which is projected to lower EPS that quarter by $0.05. Any fourth quarter impact for profit from these businesses should be minimal due to initial integration costs and planned investment spending. For fiscal year 2012, both businesses are expected to be accretive, adding an estimated $0.07 to $0.09 to EPS. While we plan to call out the acquisition-related costs in our guidance and will highlight them in our financial results, we do not plan to report them as non-GAAP expense, as we view these types of acquisitions and joint ventures as an integral part of our strategy. I hope that my remarks in the previous press releases that we have provided the information you need as you evaluate these transactions and our latest outlook. Joyce is available after our call should you need help with additional details.  On Slide 21, we have summarized our latest guidance, which includes the sales growth and earnings per share, along with CCI savings of at least $45 million. We continue to expect a decline in gross profit margin and an increase in our marketing expense that is in line with sales, even at the higher growth rate. Our outstanding shares are likely to be flat rather than down 1% as we have curtailed repurchases pending cash outlays for the new acquisition and joint venture. Let me summarize. This is an exciting time for McCormick. We have delivered excellent financial results for the first half of the year, results that are in line with or ahead of our goals for 2011. Following double-digit profit growth in the first half, our outlook for the full year is tempered a bit by the current economic and input cost environment. But we fully expect our new products, upcoming brand marketing and latest distribution wins to maintain momentum for our business and lead to a solid second half performance. Accelerating this momentum as we head into 2012 are some excellent additions to our global portfolio of leading brands. We look forward to completing these agreements and moving forward with the integration and growth of these businesses.  Thank you for your attention. And operator, let's take the first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from the line of Ken Goldman of JPMorgan Chase.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co: To supported brands you talk about or your brands, McCormick adjusting your promotional activities. Is that just promoting more? Is it a broader adjustment than that? I know you touched on this a little bit in your comments, but if you could provide some color there, that would be useful, I think.
Alan Wilson: Yes, sure. What we're doing, as Gordon pointed out, is a little bit of a shift from second quarter last year to third quarter where we're up spending more against some of our -- the newer products that are hitting. So we're going to have an incremental spend. The second thing that we're doing is our promotional spending is going to be fairly similar. But we're going to emphasize the value of our business to consumers as they're under pressure. So it's more of a message as opposed to just increasing the promotional spend.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And can you talk a little bit about the pricing environment for private label right now? Another private label manufacturer, not in the spices, but recently cited some unusual pushback from its customers. I'm curious if that's something you're experiencing too or whether it's different in your categories.
Alan Wilson: It's been a little different in our categories mainly because we took our pricing earlier and have really strong justification. I would say similar to what you've heard from other companies, both in brands and private label, you have to really be pretty descriptive on what's happening with cost in order to get pricing approved these days. But we had very good justifications we went in. Now I will say in terms of private label pricing on the shelf, we still have not seen in every segment private label passing through the increased cost at this point.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Andrew Lazar of Barclays Capital.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: Gordon, I was hoping maybe you could just give us a little bit more color around the year-over-year change in gross margin in terms of -- we know part of that was just the dynamic around the higher pricing, which impacts the margin percentage. But any color around the underlying change year-over-year in the margin, whether it be to the mix of your businesses, which I know can impact margin quite a bit and things to that nature would be helpful.
Gordon Stetz: Yes, as we described in the script, Andrew, we were able to cover the dollar increases through pricing or CCI. And so the math is such that when you're just covering the cost increases, the margin points will start to decline. You can see both businesses, Consumer and Industrial, grew at similar rates. Industrial is slightly higher than Consumer. So it was not a huge mix impact. It really was a function of the math as it relates to the increases that we were trying to cover through pricing and CCI.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: Great. And then I guess, as I think about your business in the -- from a margin perspective, I know that you had obviously a big increase in the first quarter as cost hadn't kind of fully flowed through, you're seeing that impact now. And if I missed this, I'm sorry, but you talked about originally the 7% to 8% input cost inflation this year with some increases still coming in the back half. Has that 7% to 8% been updated to be greater at this point for the full year, or is it still 7% to 8% just with more of that inflation coming in the back half?
Alan Wilson: Yes. As you saw in our comments, we're upping our CCI because our teams have been very, very good at delivering that, but that's really going to offset greater increases than anticipated. We haven't put out a specific number, but I can say that, that 7% to 8% is going to be higher. And to give a broad range, I'd say it's approaching more high-single digits. And we're offsetting that through the CCI activities that we described earlier.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: Great. And last thing would just be on the Industrial side, I know a couple of years ago, you adjusted sort of the way that you're able to sort of pass-through pricing to make it smoother, if you will, or to manage through more volatile environments a bit better there. It seems like that's sort of playing out the way that you would hope through this more volatile environment, but any perspective there would be helpful as well.
Alan Wilson: Yes, sure. On -- this is Alan. We are -- our protocols are working for the market basket of commodities like soybean oil and flour and those sorts of things. Where we have a little more negotiation and aren't necessarily part of the protocols is kind of all other stuff like packaging and minor ingredients, which we are also seeing increase. So those, we're chasing a little bit more -- there's more of a delay in those as opposed to the raw commodities where we collaborate. But I would say we're pleased that we have the ability to work with our customers on passing those through.
Operator: Our next question is from Alexia Howard of Sanford C. Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: Can I ask a little bit about the new inventory management process that you referenced? I think that might have been linked to your efforts to secure supply in certain areas. Could you tell us a little bit more about where the biggest areas by product, by region, where you've had to take those extra steps to secure supply?
Alan Wilson: Well, certainly, as we saw some of the unrest in the Middle East, we buy a lot of herbs out of places like Egypt. We increased our inventory to make -- to assure supply. And so there is some of that. The other thing that as we see commodities rising from time-to-time, we're taking longer positions of spices to try to offset as much as we can. What we see are higher prices. And that's just a pattern of what we do. So we're pretty balanced. I think what you're seeing in the inventory levels is a combination of higher costs, some strategic positions to help offset future costs and then some inventory for -- to make sure we have supply assurance in the case of some unrest.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: Okay. And then just a quick follow-up. Last quarter, I think we saw very sluggish sales growth in the Asia/Pacific region for the Industrial business. But this quarter, it seems to have rebounded nicely. I think you mentioned innovative new flavors and beverages. Are we likely to see that kind of lumpiness going forward amongst those quick-service restaurants, or do you think you're now on much more of a steady trajectory here?
Alan Wilson: I would expect to see a more steady trajectory, although that is one of the things that we're subject to what our customers are driving. And what we saw in the first quarter is customers were driving more core menu items and focus there. But as they've headed into an innovation cycle, which we expect to continue, we see the benefit of that. A lot of our growth is built on those product innovations in -- especially in China.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: Great. I'll pass it on.
Alan Wilson: Okay, thanks a lot.
Gordon Stetz: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Eric Serotta of Wells Fargo investments.
Eric Serotta - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: I'm wondering whether you could provide a little bit of additional color on the areas of the business where you're seeing increased retailer emphasis on private label. I realize it's in Americas consumer you highlighted, but is that in core herbs and spices? And maybe you could provide a little bit color around that.
Alan Wilson: Yes, it is around core herbs and spices, and it's predominantly in the U.S., the U.K. and a little bit in Canada. But most of our products aren't duplicated in private label. It's about -- and it's pretty focused on the top 10 or 15 items in core herbs and spices. But what we have seen so far this year, our retailers holding the line on pricing, largely in private label, even though the cost have gone up. Now we expect over time, as we've seen in the past, those 2 eventually flow their way through. But I would say the most aggressive market for private label, and has been for a long time is the U.K. The U.S. continues to be a good market for private label, but we've held our own in share with our brands. But it is just a few items that are duplicated in the stores.
Eric Serotta - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Okay. And could you talk a bit about the incremental cost pressures that you're seeing in the second half? Where -- what types of inputs are you seeing that in because there's a good deal of your inputs where there is frankly not a lot of transparency or visibility, things like pepper or garlic. We don't have quite the read that you guys do, obviously. Where are the -- where are you seeing the input cost inflation or the incremental input cost inflation as we enter the second half?
Alan Wilson: It's predominantly around the agricultural commodities. And the biggest impact for us is pepper, both black, white and red. And so we're continuing to manage that. We're seeing some relief in garlic later in the year as the new crop comes on. But pepper is more than offsetting that. We're still seeing, and I think we will for awhile, we're still seeing some of the more published commodities, which you do have transparency on in flour, in soybean oil, stay pretty high. So those are all kind of flowing their way through. I would say packaging is still -- we're seeing inflation in packaging as well.
Eric Serotta - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: And lastly, when do you expect to start to see some of the benefits from the new inventory management processes that you have in place to offset some of the headwinds that you talked about on the inventory side?
Gordon Stetz: Well, this is Gordon, Eric. Our team is working very hard with the new module and the new processes. We've put a new organization in place just recently in this year. So we're going to see where we stand at the end of this year and evaluate the progress that's been made and give you more clarity. I can say that as a company, we're working very hard on improving our management of inventories. And I know our teams are very dedicated to doing that. The volatility of the cost environment has made projections on this pretty difficult. So we've decided to just give you a heads-up as we did in the conference call script on new timing of our goal for cash conversion cycle. We'd like the teams to work through this a bit and then at year end, we can update you.
Eric Serotta - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Okay. I'll pass it on.
Joyce Brooks: Thanks, Eric.
Gordon Stetz: Thanks, Eric.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Thilo Wrede of Jefferies & Company.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: My first question was regarding your updated guidance. There were a lot of moving parts. You're taking it up, the top line, by a percent because of the acquisitions, another percent because of FX. But then there are integration costs and different share count. So when I put all these parts together, my impression is that the underlying business, the like-for-like business is maybe slightly weaker than you previously thought?
Gordon Stetz: No, I wouldn't -- that's not the takeaway. I would be careful in doing that. Really, the headline messages is, we are reaffirming. There's a number of these puts and takes between a share buyback and other items. But in the end, it's the range that we're providing here so. We're reaffirming the range and the only assurance that we're really indicating at least earnings per share at the acquisition-related costs.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Okay, that's helpful. And then the -- at the current inflation levels that you're looking at your input costs, if you look out into fiscal '12, would you expect the rate of increase of the year-over-year inflation to be better or worse than what you're seeing right now?
Gordon Stetz: Well, it's early to call 2012, but we would not -- we would expect to see higher prices and some continued inflation, but not at the level that we've seen this year.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: So with the inventory management that you are working on this run rate of inventory being about 17% of sales, that should definitely come down late this year, early next year?
Gordon Stetz: Well, again, we're working hard on managing our inventories and the volatility environment is such that we're reluctant to give you a specific projection on that. We would expect to start to see underlying improvement in particular in our finished goods area as we progress through the end of this year and into next year. But in total, inventory, given the cost environment, we want to assess that at year end and come back to you with a specific projection.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Chris Growe of Stifel, Nicolaus.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: I just had a couple of questions for you here. The first one, in relation to your cost increases for the second half, similar to an earlier question, are those primarily coming through in Industrial and primarily, therefore, in sort of pass-through costs? Or is it sort of across the board, or is it even more of your Consumer business related too? And then talk about the second half inflation here.
Gordon Stetz: It's fairly balanced. We're seeing across both of our businesses. I mean, Alan referred to some of the headline commodities that impact the Industrial business mostly, and you can see follow those and see those. But as we indicated as well, we're seeing it in packaging and pepper, so it's -- we're feeling the pressures across both businesses.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. And are you -- so the given incremental inflation, is there more pricing to come or -- and I guess I'm really looking more at the Consumer business or the idea just to use the CCI savings to offset that and not actually bring it to the consumer?
Gordon Stetz: Yes. Pricing is the last lever that we want to pull, and we're evaluating whether there will be additional pricing actions. Right now, we haven't made any decisions on that. But the first thing that we attempt to do is to offset it with productivity. And so that's our objective. We're not at a point yet to declare whether we're going to take additional pricing in the year.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. And just 2 quick ones. First one, just to be clear on that, $6 million increase in the third quarter, that's not incremental, that's sort of part of the full year plan, just happen to be a little bit more weighted to the third quarters. Is that the way to say it?
Gordon Stetz: Yes. That's the way to think about it. Our second quarter advertising spend was roughly in line with last year. Our third quarter advertising spend is going to be up a little bit compared to last year.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. And then my final question, just to understand -- I guess, really a question for Gordon. You had a couple of acquisitions here, couple of good sized ones with that. Your balance sheet though looks it will still be in pretty good shape. So is it -- you just curtailing share purchase. Is that sort of done for this year? I guess when I start looking at my cash flow projections and where the balance sheet stands, I would argue you could do that -- you could get back to repurchasing shares in 2012. But I want to understand kind of where you want the debt EBITDA or your debt levels to stand here going forward?
Gordon Stetz: While we manage to a debt-to-EBITDA range of say, 1.5% to 1.7%. And we expect to be higher than that by year end. So for the moment, we are curtailing our share repurchase. Again, we'll reevaluate this at year end as we look into cash flow and projections next year and determine whether or not it's appropriate for us to go back into the share repurchase market.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Ann Gurkin of Davenport & Company.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC: Just wondering if you would comment on current consumer behavior trends in the U.S. Are consumers eating more at home, changing their purchase patterns, any kind of update there?
Alan Wilson: Yes, we're not seeing -- we are seeing consumers continue to eat at home and we're seeing some softness in the food service sector, which is impacting our Industrial business a little bit. We're seeing a little bit of a different pattern than we saw in 2008 and 2009, where we saw a significant growth in dry seasoning mixes during then. And what we're seeing now is more flat dry seasoning mixes. So there may be a little bit of that change. Certainly, everything we're hearing from customers that consumers are buying closer to when they need the products, they're spending less on their trips because they're trying to manage through that and buying a lot closer to paydays.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC: Okay, and then congratulations on all your acquisition. Are there any opportunities for cross-selling or bringing products to different markets? Are you that far along yet in the stat analysis?
Alan Wilson: Absolutely. We go into -- into these with the idea that we've got great products in all of our markets and that we want to bring those products to new consumers wherever they are. And that's really what we've done with all of our acquisitions. We'll do things like we did with Ducros, with Grinders, and bring those around the world. We're doing the same thing with Slow Cookers. So we see great opportunities with these new countries and new channels of distribution to bring innovative new products to them.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC: That's great.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Rob Moskow of Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG: Actually, just 2 questions. One, is there anyway to quantify all of these distribution gains that you have in the Americas? And what I'm trying to get at is maybe this is like a gift that keeps on giving for a few more quarters, you mentioned Hispanic items in the West, I think Billy Bee Honey in Canada, is there anyway to quantify these things? And then lastly, just in the language of the press release, in the Americas you said you're adjusting your promo activities. In the EMEA, you're redirecting brand marketing support. It sounds like you're kind of course correcting in the middle of the year, but the first half was a good first half. Your volume is up, your pricing is up. So what's causing you to have to make these changes in the middle of the year? And are they disruptive, or is the trade asking for them? What -- maybe you can just help me understand exactly what's changing and how significant it is?
Alan Wilson: To answer the first question, it's kind of hard to specifically quantify the impact of the new distribution. But as they come on, there is certainly a gift that keeps on giving because we'll keep lapping the impact of the new distribution and our objective is to keep growing the business as we get new distribution. So we think that will -- but we've taken that into account with our sales guidance. In terms of the course correction, I would say it's more we're adapting our programs to the environment and specifically in the U.K. where we're not getting the volume growth that we would like to see. Well, I agree, we've had a good first half to the year. But I would say it's more tweaking and changing our mix than necessarily a big course correction in the middle of the year.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG: In the U.S., what's changing?
Alan Wilson: In the U.S., we're continuing our programs. But we're going to keep emphasizing the value of our products on meals.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Eric Katzman of Deutsche Bank.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG: I guess, couple of questions. Gordon, can you say what the new run rate on the interest expense should be with roughly, I guess, $400 million or so leaving the building for the 2 acquisitions?
Gordon Stetz: Well, we're in the process of evaluating our new capital structure, as you see, it's potentially going to the debt markets. So I guess I'd prefer for us to have that activity done before I give a specific number. But I mean, you can look at incremental $400 million in the current rate environment and obviously, it will be a mix of what's available in the medium term and commercial paper. So using the incremental $400 million and some rates there, that's probably the best rate. We also have cash available overseas that we will be using to fund it. Approximately $200 million exists overseas already, and we'll be using that to help fund the acquisitions as well.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay. And the $2 million transaction cost in the quarter, and I guess you're going to have another one in the third quarter, I assume on the segment basis, that's all run through the Consumer business?
Gordon Stetz: Yes. We're -- the vast majority will run through the consumer, yes, because these businesses are largely Consumer businesses.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay. And then getting back to just last, the $200 million overseas, maybe I'm just missing something, but you only have $48 million of cash on the books?
Gordon Stetz: Yes. Well, we periodically pull that back on a loan basis. So we carry higher commercial paper balances on average throughout the year. But periodically, we pull that back to pay that down. So there is an amount of cash overseas of about $200 million.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay. All right. And then Alan, I'm kind of wondering if you could just comment a bit because I'm just kind of struck by -- when you go through and I appreciate the detail on the 2 acquisitions, but I'm just kind of struck by the difference. In the Kohinoor, one in India, you paid -- even adjusting for the 15% interest that you don't have, you paid, call it, 1.5-plus times, it's growing at a double-digit rate. But I guess it's just going to be a couple of pennies accretive, which I guess points to it being a pretty low-margin business versus the Polish business, you paid close to 3x sales, it's growing at a decent rate, but it's materially accretive given that. So I mean the sales aren't all that different between the 2 businesses. So is it -- maybe it's just as simple as just a difference in the margin, or is -- or are you planning on spending more back into one versus the other, maybe if you could just kind of help me with that?
Alan Wilson: Yes. The business in India is a business that's going to see investment business spending as we drive and grow that. We're excited about that market, and we're making the investment for the long-term growth. Eastern Europe, which is a more developed market, we are going to invest, we're going to bring new products. But there -- but it's not to the degree of what we will see in India.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG: And I guess, I think the Polish business, that was an auction. But was the India one an auction, or was that just based on your connections?
Alan Wilson: It was based on a long-term relationship that we've had with the family that owned it and an ongoing discussion with them and -- to maintain a long-term partnership. That, as you know, it's a joint venture which we're very, very happy to be able to do. And in Poland, it's an outright acquisition.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay, and then last question, it just seems -- I don't remember how asked this, but somebody asked about China. And I was thinking more on the consumer side. A couple of years ago, you had to go through like a reset of the product lines. And I think you actually had even to cut back on SKUs. But it seems like over the last few quarters or so that, that business has gained a lot of traction. I mean, my guess is it isn't really big in the scheme of things. But are you just -- like have you kind of hit on a new structure or formula over there or a new distributor that seems to be working?
Alan Wilson: Well, what we've continued to do is bring new products to the market, and that's been a help. And a lot of our growth has been as we expand more of a direct presence into other cities, that's helped. Whereas in the past, what you're talking about is we were in the soybean oil business in China through distributors, and we found that, that wasn't the right business mix for us. So we've refined the mix and feel that we have the right products. We still see opportunities for innovation, but more along expanded distribution and expanded our presence into other markets or other cities.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay. I'll pass it on.
Joyce Brooks: As we're running past 9:00, I think we'll end it here, and I'm glad to take any calls afterward. Thank you for participating in the call today. Through July 7, you can access the replay of the call at (877) 660-6853. The account number for the replay is 309, and the ID number is 372710. You can listen to a replay also on our web site later today. I welcome any additional questions you have. You can reach me at (410) 771-7244.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-03-29 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Gordon Stetz - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President, Director and Chairman of Investment Committee Alan Wilson - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Joyce Brooks - Vice President of Investor Relations and Member of Investment Committee
Analysts: Alex Bisson - Northcoast Research Michael Block Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc. Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the McCormick's First Quarter 2011 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Joyce Brooks, Vice President Investor Relations for McCormick. Thank you. Ms. Brooks, you may begin.
Joyce Brooks: Good morning to everyone on today's call and to those joining us by webcast. The purpose of our call is to provide an update on our business, review McCormick's first quarter financial results and share our latest 2011 outlook. We have posted a set of slides to accompany today's call at our website, ir.mccormick.com. Joining us for the call are Alan Wilson, Chairman, President and CEO; and Gordon Stetz, Executive Vice President and CFO. Alan will begin with an update on the business environment and progress with our growth initiative. Gordon will follow with a review of our financial results and 2011 outlook. After that, we look forward to discussing your questions. As a reminder, our presentation today contains projections and other forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from those projected. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or other factors. In addition, certain information that we will present today are non-GAAP measures. This includes 2010 results that exclude items affecting comparability. We present this non-GAAP information for comparative purposes alongside the most directly comparable GAAP measures. Reconciliations of GAAP to non-GAAP measures can be found in the presentation slides for our call. It is now my pleasure to turn the discussion over to Alan.
Alan Wilson: Thanks, Joyce. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. Turmoil in Northern Africa and the Middle East, spikes in the price of food and fuel and the devastating earthquake in Japan have added to consumer and business uncertainty in the first part of 2011. In the face of this uncertainty, our first quarter results demonstrate that we're operating effectively in a challenging environment. The biggest challenge we faced heading into 2011 was the unprecedented increase in the cost of spices and herbs, along with higher costs for commodities such as wheat and soybean oil and increases in plastics and other packaging materials. As we shared in our January call, we expect input cost inflation to be in the 7% to 8% range this year. For our Consumer business, we now largely have our 2011 pricing actions in place in each of our major markets. It's too early to fully assess the 2011 and longer-term impact of these higher prices on store takeaway. Keep in mind that we took similar increases in both the brand and the private label products that we supply. A number of branded competitors have also taken pricing actions. However, we've seen a lag in higher shelf prices for private label products in certain markets, including the U.S. and the U.K. In the second quarter, we have solid marketing programs to support grilling, as well as programs to reinforce the value of our products to consumers. In our Industrial business, we've maintained our pricing protocol with customers, where we passed through higher costs on a periodic basis. Our effective pass-through of higher costs, together with cost savings from our Comprehensive Continuous Improvement program, CCI, are evident in the profit results from this part of our business. In fact, gross profit margin across both businesses was up in the first quarter as Gordon will discuss. While higher pricing added to top line growth, we had some pressure on our sales volume in the first quarter. As we discussed in our January call, an estimated $10 million shifted from the first quarter of 2011 into the fourth quarter of 2010, as certain U.S. retail customers purchased product in advance of our price increase. As illustrated on Slides 5 and 6, this shift lowered our first quarter sales 1% for the total company and 3% for the Consumer business in the Americas. Including the impact of this 3% headwind, sales for our Consumer business in the Americas rose 3%. Our pricing actions contributed to this growth, along with unit increases in branded products that included our Slow Cooker Seasoning Mixes, Zatarains items, Grill Mates and warehouse club products. These increases were offset in part by the shift in sales during the first quarter. With this impact behind us, we expect the growth rate for our Americas Consumer business to strengthen for the balance of 2011.  The other source of pressure this quarter was in the Europe, Middle East and Africa region, EMEA. In this region, our Industrial business team has achieved the fourth consecutive quarter of mid-single digit or higher sales growth. In recent years, we've strengthened our leadership team and invested in our product innovation capabilities. These investments are paying off with increased sales in 2011 to both food manufacturers and the quick service restaurant channel. However, our Consumer business has been impacted by the economic and competitive conditions in EMEA, with first quarter sales in local currency down 3%.  As we recorded throughout 2010, sales have been weak in our smaller markets. This quarter, we also had flat sales in the U.K. and a slight decline in France. In these markets, we're facing heightened competition at a time when consumers remain under economic pressure. In response to this situation, we have three actions underway. First, we're going to redirect a portion of our marketing funds toward promotional activity to deliver value to the consumer. Second, accelerate the rollout of our 2011 new products. We view product innovation as a key differentiator between the brand and private label. Third, improve the in-store merchandising of our brands, including the rollout of our attractive new Vahin merchandising display in France and in the U.K., secondary placement of Schwartz products.  We remain committed to growing our business in Europe. Consumer demand for spices and seasonings continues to grow with the latest 52 weeks store takeaway data showing an average unit increase of 3% across our markets in Europe. With Schwartz, Ducros and Vahin, we have three leading brands that, over time, can bring the product innovation, merchandising ideas and marketing support to drive our sales in the entire category. I'll begin my remarks by stating that we are operating effectively in a tough environment. Behind this message are a few more points that deserve mention this morning. First is our progress with CCI. Under the leadership of our CCI champions throughout the business, employees are engaged in projects to reduce our material and production costs through supply-chain initiatives, as well as to lower our SG&A expenses. I am confident that we will deliver our 2011 cost savings target of at least $40 million. And second, I want to point to the role of emerging markets in our growth. Those of you who are able to join our presentation at CAGNY heard this discussed this more fully. Slide 9 is the slide we show to illustrate the five-year sales increase we achieved in our consolidated business, alongside the increase in sales for our unconsolidated operations during the same period. Early in 2011, our activity in emerging markets is already a clear driver of results. In Mexico, we grew sales of our consolidated Industrial business 15% in local currency, which supplies products not only in Mexico but for parts of Central and South America. Across both Consumer and Industrial businesses, sales in China rose 7% in local currency. Income from consolidated operations, led by Mexico and our new joint venture in India, rose 25% to $8 million, accounting for 10% of net income this quarter. As I conclude my comments about operating in a challenging environment, I want to recognize our 7,500 employees around the world. Individually, each of them plays an important role in our success. Together, we are a powerful team, one that's driven to deliver high performance. Underpinning all these initiatives, our longer-term financial performance and increased shareholder value is our passion for flavor in a proven growth strategy, invest in the business to drive sales and profits and fuel these investments with improved margins. With that, I'd like to turn it over to Gordon to discuss our first quarter financial results in more detail and to provide our latest 2011 outlook.
Gordon Stetz: Thanks, Alan, and good morning, everyone. Our first quarter results are a solid start to our 2011 fiscal year. However, we recognize these results varied a bit from our guidance for the full year. We grew sales 3% in local currency. We expect this growth rate to accelerate in the upcoming quarters as we get beyond the impact of the sales shift and with pricing actions now in place. First quarter gross profit margin and income from unconsolidated operations were both ahead of our full year guidance, although we expect these to moderate as we head into the second quarter. This performance added up to a 12% increase in earnings per share, a result that is above our expected growth rate for 2011. I'll discuss our latest guidance more fully toward the end of my remarks. I want to first discuss some details behind our first quarter results. Starting at the top line, pricing was the major driver behind our increase in total company sales. We reported an increase of 3% from pricing in the first quarter. Alan went through the factors that hampered our increase in volume and product mix for the total business, but let's take a closer look at each of our two segments. As indicated on Slide 14, in the Americas region, we grew Consumer business sales 3% as a result of higher pricing. This is the part of our business that was affected by the sales shift from the first quarter of 2011 into the fourth quarter of 2010. This shift lowered sales in the first quarter of 2011 by 3%. This 3% decline was offset by a 3% increase in volume and product mix, driven largely by higher unit sales of Slow Cooker Seasoning Mixes, Zatarains branded items and our Grill Mates line, as well as increased sales to warehouse clubs in both the U.S. and Canada. Consumer sales in EMEA declined 10% from the year-ago quarter, with a 3% decrease in local currency. And the impact of higher pricing was more than offset by lower volume and product mix. We continue to face weakness in our smaller markets, largely as a result of a difficult economy and competitive conditions. These markets account for about 20% of EMEA sales. Following a stronger performance in 2010, we saw a downturn this quarter in the U.K. in France and, as Alan described, are taking actions to drive sales of our leading brands in Europe. In the Asia-Pacific region, Consumer business sales rose 11% and, in local currency, were up 5%. This result was led by a 9% increase in China in local currency with higher condiment sales driven by new products, greater market penetration and increased consumer demand. Operating income for our Consumer business was $87 million, a 9% increase from the first quarter of 2010. We achieved this increase largely through CCI cost savings and a favorable mix of business. During this period, brand marketing support was up $3 million with stepped-up advertising behind our core products, including our antioxidant message and in support of our Zatarains brand. We also had a favorable comparison to the first quarter of 2010 when we recorded $2 million of product recall costs related to an ingredient from a third-party supplier that affected us and a number of other food companies. Let's take a look at the sales performance for our Industrial business on Slide 15. Industrial sales in the Americas grew 7% and, in local currency, were up 6% with increases in both volume and product mix and in pricing. Increased demand for our spices and seasonings was led by food manufacturers in both the U.S. and Canada. This included the product innovation activity that you heard about from packaged food companies at this year's CAGNY conference. Sales to the food service industry were comparable to the first quarter of 2010. We grew sales of branded food service items with certain distributors and expect sales to quick service restaurants to accelerate next quarter with new product launches and distribution gains. Our Industrial business in EMEA posted another consecutive quarter of strong sales growth. We grew first quarter sales 3% and, in local currency, 4%. Volume and product mix was the primary driver of the increase with about a third of the increase coming from pricing. Demand from quick service restaurants continues to be the key sales driver in this region. In the Asia-Pacific region, Industrial business sales rose 5% but declined 1% in local currency. In this region, quick service restaurants are the largest part of our business. Heading into 2011, we are seeing these customers shifting emphasis to core items rather than limited time offers and other innovation. Across all regions, operating income for our Industrial business rose 12% to $24 million in the first quarter. This increase was due to higher sales and CCI cost savings, which were offset, in part, by a $2 million increase in marketing and product development behind our U.S. branded food service products. Also, for this part of our business, we recorded $3 million of the product recall costs in the first quarter of 2010. For the total business, operating income rose 10%. In addition to higher sales, gross profit margin improvement was an important part of this increase, rising 130 basis points to 41.9%. For the full year, we expect to offset higher material costs with a combination of pricing actions and CCI cost savings. However, the net impact of these factors had an unfavorable impact on gross profit margin in the first quarter of this fiscal year. In addition, about half of the 130-basis-point increase was the result of our comparison to the first quarter 2010, when gross profit margin included the unfavorable impact of the recall costs. SG&A, as a percent of sales, rose 40 basis points, primarily due to a 12% increase in brand marketing support.  Turning to taxes, with favorable discrete tax items, our rate for the quarter was 30.3%, below our guidance for 2011, which remains at 31%. Income from unconsolidated operations was an important contributor to profit for the quarter. As Alan described, McCormick de Mexico had good performance, and we had the added benefit of our Eastern joint venture in India. However, as those who listened to our January call know, we expect income from unconsolidated operations to be down slightly for the full year. As we head into the second quarter, we continue to expect a greater headwind from higher costs for soybean oil and other key materials. At the bottom line, as shown on Slide 17, earnings per share was $0.57 compared to $0.51 in the first quarter of the prior year. The majority of this $0.06 increase came from higher operating income, with another $0.01 from the increased income from unconsolidated operations. Turning to the balance sheet and cash flow statement, our debt ratios remain close to our long-term targets. During the quarter, we spent $50 million to repurchase 1.1 million shares at an average cost of $45.89. At the end of February, $309 million remained on our current share repurchase authorization. Our short-term borrowings in the first quarter of 2011 were up when compared to the first quarter of 2010 due to an increase in working capital. While our accounts receivable collections improved, we had a significant increase in inventory. As indicated in this morning's press release, the primary reasons for this increase were higher material costs, inventory positions and new products and new distribution. As you would expect, the dollar value of our inventory has risen along with the increased cost of raw and packaging material. Also, given recent world events and potential supply issues, we have taken certain positions of spices and herbs to assure a steady supply of high-quality products for our customers. A third factor I want to point to is an increase in inventory to support the launch of new products and in support of new distribution for products like Zatarain's frozen items and our McCormick brand mayonnaise imported into the U.S. from our joint venture in Mexico. In the face of these increases, we remain committed to lowering inventory. One initiative currently underway is the implementation of new inventory management processes. We are nearing completion of a transition in North America, and our next step will be to take these new processes to other parts of our business. McCormick profit is keeping our focus on inventory and other components of working capital, as it rewards our employees for improving our asset utilization and lowering our cash conversion cycle.  Let me wrap up with our latest financial outlook for 2011. Our sales projection remains 5% to 7% in local currency. Volume and product mix are expected to add 2% to 4%, driven by product innovation, brand marketing and new distribution. We expect our pricing actions to add 3% to sales. And third, favorable currency rates are expected to add 1% based on today's exchange rates. Turning to gross profit margin, our first quarter result was ahead of our guidance for the full year. We continue to expect a slight decline in gross profit margin in 2011, based on our current projections of material cost increases, CCI savings and pricing actions. Similarly, while income from unconsolidated operations is off to a strong start, we remain cautious about the impact of higher material costs in Mexico. We reaffirm our estimate for a slight decline on this line of the income statement for 2011. At the bottom line, our estimated EPS remains $2.80 to $2.85. This compares to a 2010 earnings per share of $2.75 and adjusted earnings per share of $2.65, which excludes the reversal of a significant tax accrual. Let me summarize our remarks by stating that we are pleased with our progress early in 2011 in an environment that remains challenging. We are excited about our opportunities for growth and our ability to execute throughout the organization. Our first quarter results have us off to a solid start toward another year of record results at McCormick. Operator, let's take the [indiscernible].
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question this morning is from the line of Alexia Howard of Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: I just wanted to take a little bit of a closer look at the Asia-Pacific sales growth on the Industrial side, with it being down 1% this quarter. I know you mentioned it was due to the quick service restaurants focusing more on core items. Could you give us a little bit more commentary on exactly what that means and is it likely to persist going forward?
Alan Wilson: Yes. What we see from time-to-time in Asia is our large customers there focus on new product innovation to bring people into the stores, and when they do that, we tend to win because we win more than our share of those briefs and get those products. When they focus on core items like they did in first quarter, we see more of a steady kind of normalized product mix, which is not quite as profitable as new products and, certainly, doesn't have the growth profile of those limited time offers and new product innovation. This tends to run in cycles. If you ask our customers and our folks there, you would say, it's probably going to be a year that's more focused on the core than it is on product innovation. But as we see, that usually impacts their store volume, and when their store volume gets weaker, they tend to start promoting and innovating again. And so we're not overly concerned about it. We do think through the year that we'll get back to product innovation and promotions there that will continue to drive the business.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: Great. And then as a quick follow-up, there was a comment in the press release about improved profit growth in emerging markets. And I was wondering if you could just tell us what's driving that inflection point in terms of, I presume, higher margin?
Gordon Stetz: Well, we certainly want to keep pointing to the fact that we have good exposure to the emerging market portfolio. So it really is a sales-driven event when we talk about improved profit growth. So it relates to the fact that now we have a joint venture presence in India. We talked about the other markets that you saw in that chart that we shared at CAGNY. So it's our confidence around the growth profile of those markets. The only caveat I'll just point out, which we did talk about in our remarks, is the pressure in our markets in our joint venture in Mexico, which we expect to start to experience pressure from soybean oil costs as we head into the second quarter.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Chris Growe of Stifel, Nicolaus.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: I just had a question for you first on the gross margin, perhaps for Gordon, I guess I'm trying to understand in the first quarter, you had a strong performance, and is there a phasing statute of the cost inflation that maybe didn't negatively affect the first quarter as heavily as you think it will happen in the rest year? I'm just trying to get a better understanding for how it could be down the rest of the year or for the year? And then related to that, are the CCI cost savings more heavily gross margin or cost of goods sold focus versus SG&A focus this year?
Gordon Stetz: It is partially phasing. We do expect to experience those cost increases more severely as we progress through the year. We also pointed out that in the prior year, we had a favorable comparison, which included the recall costs last year of about $5 million that we didn't experience this year. And to your question regarding the percentage of CCI, it is heavily weighted towards cost of goods sold. I'd say about 85% of the CCI savings would be in the cost of goods line, and that's part of the reason we're able to offset these costs and not have pricing offset them more fully.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Sure. And then in relation to the CCI cost savings, are those -- given you're now looking for perhaps more than $40 million for the year, do those evenly phase through the year or are those maybe more front-half loaded such that you won't get as much benefit in the second half of the year?
Gordon Stetz: No, they're generally more evenly phased. We have a pipeline active throughout the year that we're constantly implementing. So they tend to be more evenly phased in terms of when we implement these projects. I will say because our profits do skew more heavily into the fourth quarter, some of the savings may also end up being bigger in that quarter just by virtue of the volume being bigger that quarter.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Sure. That makes sense. My last question for you is just in relation to private label. I guess last quarter, you had or you saw a weaker performance of private label, and this quarter, maybe it's just due to the pricing, maybe that's the answer, but that it was a little stronger. So I was curious if you had any further commentary on that. And then also, how your Private Label business performed in the quarter, was it in line with units [ph]? Was it up a little bit? Did it work against your mix?
Alan Wilson: Yes, what we saw in the quarter for private label in the U.S. market, at least, is private label gained a little volume share, held pretty flat in terms of volume share. And what we saw both here and as well as in the U.K., a lag in the pass-through of the price increases specific to private label, while the brand did go up in a lot of outlets. So we did see that bit of a gap. Our sales of private label, because we passed on the same $0.10 per pound increase as we did on the brand, will flow through. We'll certainly start to see that in the second and third quarters. So we're not overly concerned with the price gaps going forward. We are seeing the short-term impact of that. Our sales of private label were actually still down a little bit from last year.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Ken Goldman of JPMorgan Chase.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co: I just wanted to focus on the European Consumer business for a bit. I appreciate that what's happening there is less about what you're doing, and it's more about a tough environment. But it feels like the challenges for many companies are growing there. So, I guess, what I'm asking is, we have a tough economy. It makes things more difficult for a longer time than expected, and a company, in this case, you guys, responds by temporarily maybe lowering prices via promotion. And that may very well be the right thing to do here, and you're not doing that in a vacuum. You're marketing more, too. But when we end up in the other side, and let's say, these economies finally improve, how likely is the consumer willing to be to take higher prices again? I guess, I'm asking, is there a risk of a structural shift here, especially with the austerity programs in place? How difficult is it going to be to get back to that positive cycle of innovation and new products rather than maybe a less sustainable cycle of lowering prices and competing on that level maybe more than you want?
Alan Wilson: Yes, I would say, as we've gone through this first quarter, what we've seen is some pretty aggressive competitive activity in the U.K. specifically. And we think it's important that we hold our own there and respond to that. We are, as one of our tactics, accelerating our new product innovation. We had some plans for later in the year that we're pulling forward. We think that is important and will help drive the brand. In France, we are very encouraged by what we're seeing in both our Spice and our Dessert business and are less concerned there about the price promotion. But you raise a good point. We think, over time, the competitive impact will be less, and our competition there tends to be larger well-organized companies, and so they tend to be more rational. It doesn't change the fact though that it is going to continue to be a tough environment for the foreseeable future, specifically with the retail trade there.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Thanks, and then one question on acquisitions. Last quarter, you were asked about them, and you said it's a pretty active environment, more active than maybe it's been for the last couple of years. Is that still the same, any change there?
Alan Wilson: I wouldn't say theres any change to that. We see lots of opportunities.
Operator: Our next question today is from the line of Robert Moskow of Crdit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG: I just wanted to ask about the sales guidance because the way I'm modeling it out, your sales growth was about 2.5% first quarter. Maybe it would have been 4.5% excluding the $10 million shift. But the model says that you have to do 6.5% maybe even 7% for the rest of the year to hit your guidance. And I understand, you have some consumer programs in place, but is that -- what else has to take place for that kind of acceleration? And is it going to be that much tougher because, as you say, the macro environment is not helping?
Alan Wilson: Yes. The things that we have in place -- I think there's three things that we'd point to. One is the first quarter is depressed because of the buy in. That's the factor that you pointed out. The second is we have a later Easter this year. And so last year, we would have seen a lot of the Easter sales in the first quarter. This year, we'll see it a little later. And then the other impact of that is pricing realization. Through the first quarter in a number of our markets, we're in the process of implementing pricing. That's now largely in place, and we see that as also helpful for the rest of the year, specifically in our Industrial business, where you saw very little price impact in the first quarter. The other thing is we've got a broad range of new products that we're launching, as well as new distribution that will be coming online as we go through the rest of the year, and we're very encouraged by what we see there. And that's why we gave the original guidance that we did. And then in addition to that, we've got a number of merchandising initiatives in Europe, which we think will have an impact. It doesn't change the fact that we are looking hard at consumer behavior and looking to continue to drive our share growth. But we have a lot of things that we think will help us through the rest of the year.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG: Alan, could I ask another question? Industrial sales growth far exceeded Consumer sales growth in the quarter. And again, I think that a lot of it has to do with the buy in. But if your pricing is really going to be Industrial-driven, is there a mix shift issue here also? When you model this out, do you have Industrial growing faster than Consumer for the rest of the year? And if that's the driver of the growth, is there any impact on your margins?
Alan Wilson: Not necessarily, but Industrial pricing is going to be higher than Consumer pricing, but we're fully expecting with the new distribution gains, as well as the new product activity and then the shift of the first quarter sales into later quarters that Consumer should hold its own. We're not expecting a shift in our business mix.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Ann Gurkin with Davenport & Company.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC: In the U.S. in relation to Industrial customers, is there any change to the strategy or the pace of innovation?
Alan Wilson: No. We still feel pretty encouraged by what we see with the innovation pipeline in the U.S.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC: And then second, on your base business, are there any distribution gains we should know about?
Alan Wilson: Nothing specific that I can talk about at this point other than what we referred to at CAGNY. But we certainly see some increases in the drug channel as well as some dollar channel increases that we've started to take on now.
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Block with Phoenix Partners.
Michael Block: Ken Goldman asked much what I wanted to ask about for European consumer. But one addition question, what are your assumptions for the euro for Q2 and the rest of the year? I was just very interested in that.
Gordon Stetz: We generally don't predict the euro. It's obviously a difficult thing to do. But when we give our guidance, we base it on current exchange rates, and that's what we were forecasting as the 1% benefit from FX. At current rates, we would get a 1% benefit for FX the remainder of the year.
Operator: Our next question is from Alex Bisson with Northcoast Research.
Alex Bisson - Northcoast Research: One or two quick questions for you. You talked about a new inventory system. I was wondering if you could give kind of the highlights of what that entails and what the potential is from the new inventory system?
Alan Wilson: Yes, the system that we have is allowing us to use more technology to predict what our demand and our safety stock needs to be as opposed to a lot of human intervention. We, certainly, we're driving our sales and operations planning process with a lot of input from our sales and marketing teams, but we're using more data to try to predict that. So we're very encouraged by what we see there.
Alex Bisson - Northcoast Research: And then I got on the call a minute or two late, so I apologize if I missed this, but could you just talk a little bit about how consumers reacted to the higher prices in the quarter on the Consumer business? I guess mainly in the U.S., but broadly as well?
Alan Wilson: Yes, it's pretty early to see the impact of price increase because it was rolling throughout the quarter in various markets and customers. What we did see is that the brand prices were taken up pretty quickly as they started to hit, and the private label prices have lagged a bit. And it's pretty tough to read the short-term data. We would say that in all channels in the quarter, we actually grew share a little bit in dollars and held our own in units. Private label grew share a little bit in units and stayed steady in dollars. So we just haven't seen that pricing impacted fully implemented across the board yet or fully implemented at shelf.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Thank you. There are no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the floor back over to Ms. Brooks for closing comments.
Joyce Brooks: Thank you for participating in today's discussion. Through April 5, you may access the telephone replay of today's call by dialing (877) 660-6853. The account number for the replay is 309, and the ID is 367742. You can also listen to a replay on our website later today. If anyone has additional questions regarding today's information, please give me a call at (410) 771-7244. This concludes our call.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-01-26 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Gordon Stetz - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President, Director, Chairman of Investment Committee and Member of Management Committee Alan Wilson - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of Management Committee Joyce Brooks - Vice President of Investor Relations and Member of Investment Committee
Analysts: Alex Bisson - Northcoast Research Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital Alexia Howard - Bernstein Research Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Robert Dickerson Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG Mitchell Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to McCormick's Fourth Quarter 2010 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Joyce Brooks, Vice President Investor Relations for McCormick. Thank you Ms. Brooks, you may begin.
Joyce Brooks: Good morning to everyone on today's call and to those joining us by webcast. The purpose of our call is to review McCormick's fourth quarter financial results, 2010 accomplishments and 2011 outlook. In the room with me are Alan Wilson, Chairman President and CEO; and Gordon Stetz, Executive Vice President and CFO. Paul Beard who has participated in many past calls is not with us today due to his recent appointment as President Asia/Pacific. I know you join me in wishing him continued success in his new role. Weve posted a set of slides to accompany today's call at our website ir.mccormick.com.  As a reminder, our presentation today contains projections and other forward-looking statements, and actual results could differ materially from those projected. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or other factors. Please refer to our slides in this morning's press release for more information concerning forward-looking statements. In addition, certain information that we will present today are non-GAAP financial measures. This includes information which excludes the impact of a significant tax accrual reversal recorded in the third quarter of 2010 and restructuring charges recorded in 2009. We present this non-GAAP information for comparative purposes alongside the most directly comparable GAAP measures. Reconciliations of GAAP to non-GAAP measures can be found in this morning's press release and in the presentation slides for our call.  It is now my pleasure to turn the discussion over to Alan.
Alan Wilson: Thanks, Joyce. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining our call. We delivered a fourth quarter performance that was a strong finish to McCormick's record 2010 results. At the top line, our sales growth was driven by 6% increase in volume and product mix, demonstrating the underlying strength of our key categories and products in a still difficult economy. At the bottom line, our actions to repatriate cash from foreign subsidiaries led to a favorable tax rate. This lifted earnings per share to $0.99 which was above our initial projections for the quarter.  Let's talk about the key initiatives that drove sales, beginning with the Consumer business in the Americas. We had a record level of holiday support and for the first time in the U.S., distinctive advertising for Thanksgiving and for Christmas. Recipe Inspirations also received incremental advertising this quarter and we continued to benefit from new distribution in the warehouse club channel and for our Billy Bee Honey brand in Canada.  The results were impressive. In the U.S., unit sales of branded herbs and spices were up double digits. Gourmet and extract products grew more than 20% and our dry seasoning mixes rose 8%. Sales of Lawrys and Zatarain's were both up more than 5%. In fact the primary areas of weakness in this part of our business were private label and economy products, which both declined in the fourth quarter. Consumer sales in Canada also grew at a double-digit pace. The net result was a 9% increase in consumer sales in the Americas.  Clearly, consumers regard our brand as a good value and rely on McCormick to deliver great flavor, especially for their holiday meals and baking. As we indicated in our press release, our fourth quarter unit sales growth in the U.S. exceeded the increase in units purchased by consumers at retail based on our scanner data. We believe that customers who purchased products in advance of a late 2010 price increase contributed to this difference. As a result, we estimate that $10 million of sales may have shifted from the first quarter of 2011 to the fourth quarter of 2010. This would indicate that the underlying increase in volume and product mix for our Americas Consumer business was closer to 6% rather than 8%. This rate of growth is more in line with the fourth quarter sales consumption rate based on our scanner data and still an exceptional performance.  In contrast to growth in the Americas, results for our Consumer business in Europe, the Middle East and Africa, EMEA declined this quarter which was in line with our forecast of continued weakness in this part of the business. Throughout 2010, we have seen sales growth in the U.K. and in France dampened by declines in smaller markets such as Spain, Portugal, Italy, the Netherlands, Belgium, markets which together account for about 20% of our sales in EMEA. In these smaller markets, our business has been impacted by the poor economy and competitive conditions.  During the fourth quarter, increased promotions and allowances to U.K. customers more than offset a mid-single-digit increase in volume and product mix. Sales in France remained robust as a result of distribution gains, new products, successful grinder advertising and merchandising improvements. Scanner data in this market showed a mid-single-digit increase in both the Spice and Seasoning category and for our Ducros brand. Likewise, the homemade dessert category grew at a mid-single-digit pace along with our Vahin brand.  In the fourth quarter, Asia/Pacific had another outstanding result with Consumer business sales up 12% in local currency driven by a 22% increase in China. New products, expanded distribution and increased demand all contributed to this increase. Staying with the Consumer business, operating income this quarter was down $4 million or 2% on a comparable basis excluding the restructuring charges which we recorded in the fourth quarter of 2009.  While we achieved strong sales growth and improved productivity with our Comprehensive Continuous Improvement program, CCI, we also invested in our brands during this important holiday period. Across all three regions, we increased brand marketing support by $7 million to drive sales in the fourth quarter and into 2011. Operating income was also impacted by rising raw and packaging material costs. In response to higher material costs for our Consumer business, weve taken price increases for both our brand and the private label products that we supply. Across our various markets and product line, this increase averaged 3%. This is similar to the price increase that we took in our Consumer business in both 2008 and 2009. As a reminder, with the exception of black pepper, we took no additional pricing for most of 2010.  On Slides 8 and 9, we have listed the factors leading to this increase as provided to our retail customers along with some graphs. Here are some key points that I want to highlight. An increase in global demand for dehydrated garlic has resulted in unusually sharp increases. Global demand for black pepper continues to rise, while the supply from traditional growing areas such as Brazil and Indonesia have fallen. Cinnamon yields have been reduced as farmers have not replanted cinnamon trees, shifting their acreage to more profitable annual crops. Packaging costs are being driven by rising base raw material costs, as well as high demand. Clearly the cost inflation we face is steep as well as broad-based. Customers have accepted our price increases and we have seen competitors take pricing actions as well.  Let's turn next to the performance of our Industrial business, which had a strong finish to a great year. Industrial sales were up in each of our three regions with a total increase in volume and product mix of 7% for the quarter. In the Americas, new product activity with food manufacturers in both the U.S. and Mexico drove a 6% increase in volume and product mix in the fourth quarter. Sales to Food Service customers were close to year ago levels as they have been throughout 2010.  In the EMEA and Asia/Pacific regions, sales to Food Service customers and in particular, quick-service restaurants led our growth. This was the result of increased restaurant traffic, new products and promoted items. As in the Consumer business, Industrial business sales in China rose more than 20%. For the fiscal year, between our Industrial and Consumer business, China, Singapore, Thailand and other parts of Southeast Asia contributed 5% of total company sales. This is up from 3% of sales in 2005.  The most noteworthy part of our fourth quarter Industrial business results is operating income, which rose 17% on a comparable basis, excluding the 2009 restructuring charges. And fourth quarter operating income margin was nearly 8%. Throughout 2010, our Industrial team has done a great job reshaping the portfolio, developing more value-added products, improving productivity with our CCI program and effectively managing our pass-through pricing with customers. For the full year, Industrial business operating income increased 26% and operating income margin rose to 8% from 6.7% in 2009, excluding the impact of restructuring charges recorded in that year. In 2010, we moved more than 100 basis points closer to our 9% to 10% goal for this business.  Let's discuss how we performed against some of our other long-term in fiscal year 2010 objectives. Top line growth ended the year at 4.5% and in local currency, the increase was 3%. This growth was the result of favorable volume and product mix and was squarely within our 2% to 4% currency neutral range for 2010. While a few parts of the business were affected by the weak economy, we hit some exceptional sales results that demonstrate consumers have a growing interest in flavor and a preference for our brands. Unit sales of McCormick brand extracts and our premium gourmet items moved up more than 5% in the U.S. In the second full year since the acquisition, unit sales of the Lawrys brand were also up 5%.  Acquired in 2003, we're still growing our Zatarains brand with sales up 6% in 2010. New products and marketing support drove a 7% increase in Grill Mates. Our recently introduced Brown Sugar Bourbon Marinade is now our second most popular flavor. This validates our trendsetting Flavor Forecast, as Brown Sugar Bourbon was featured in our 2005 Flavor Forecast. Recipe Inspirations has been one of our most successful new products in the last five years based on our first year sales. Detailed consumer panel results indicate that an impressive 57% of Recipe Inspirations sales are incremental to the Spice category as they provide an easy way to try new spices. In addition, 26% of consumers who purchased a Recipe Inspiration are then buying regular spice bottles, indicating Recipe Inspirations are acting as a trial vehicle for our main line. The last sales highlight I want to share are our sales in China. For the full year, our team in China grew net sales 14%.  Turning to our CCI program, McCormick employees delivered $54 million of cost savings. This exceeded the top end of our initial $35 million to $40 million goal by 35%. Keep in mind that these savings are net of any upfront costs. We achieved efficiencies throughout the organization in areas that included improved process reliability, global procurement, high-speed production lines and go-to-market changes.  We're following our success in 2010 with another aggressive goal in 2011. CCI cost savings and a favorable business mix increased gross profit margin 90 basis points, well ahead of our target of at least 50 basis points. And we met our commitment to invest a portion of these savings, $21 million, in brand marketing support. This investment drove sales of Recipe Inspirations in the U.S., Flavourful in the U. K, Vahin in France and many other products in markets around the world.  Our joint ventures contributed greatly to our profit growth, particularly McCormick de Mexico. Income from unconsolidated operations exceeded $25 million for the first time and added 3% growth to our 2010 earnings per share. I also want to point out that the cash dividends from our joint ventures rose to $18 million in 2010 from $11 million in 2009.  During the year, we were pleased to complete agreements for new joint ventures in India and in Turkey. Earnings per share for the fiscal year rose 13% on a comparable basis, excluding the impact of the reversal of a significant tax accrual in 2010 and restructuring charges in 2009. This was well ahead of our initial 6% to 8% outlook. With a favorable tax rate adding 5% to EPS, the remaining increase of 8% was driven largely by outstanding joint venture results and higher operating income.  Finally, on the heels of reductions in both 2008 and '09, we took three days off of our cash conversion cycle in 2010. Those three days are a great start toward our goal of a 10-day reduction by 2012.  Gordon will have more to say about cash and our year end balance sheet but let me conclude this portion of our remarks. I want to recognize McCormick employees around the world. It's their passion for flavor, their energy and their determination that delivered another year of great results. 2010 marked our fifth consecutive year of double-digit EPS growth when measured on a comparable basis. And were pleased to share our success directly with investors. With the board's approval of our 25th consecutive dividend increase in November, this was recognized in December by S&P when it added McCormick to its S&P 500 Dividend Aristocrats Index, a distinguished list of fewer than 50 companies.  I'll turn it over to Gordon at this point for additional comments regarding our fourth quarter financial results.
Gordon Stetz: Thanks, Alan, and good morning, everyone. As Alan indicated, we were pleased with our fourth quarter performance which included strong sales growth in many parts of our business. It demonstrates the effectiveness of our key growth initiatives even in markets where consumers remain under pressure. For the total company, fourth quarter sales rose 6% from favorable volume and product mix. Price and foreign currency exchange rates each had a slightly negative impact this period.  Let's take a look at our two business segments by region beginning on Slide 16, with the Consumer business. In the Americas region, we grew sales 9% with most of the increase in volume and product mix. As Alan shared, we had impressive results in our core products in the Lawrys and Zatarains brands, along with incremental sales from Recipe Inspirations and other new products. Distribution gains in the U.S. warehouse club channel and with Billy Bee Honey in Canada also added to sales volume and product mix.  Consumer sales in EMEA declined 10% from the year-ago quarter and were down 5% in local currency. This decrease occurred outside of our primary markets and was due to poor economies and more competitive conditions in our smaller markets. These markets, including Spain, Portugal, Italy, the Netherlands and Belgium have been weak throughout 2010 and we expect this situation to persist into 2011.  Our business has been stronger in our primary markets, France and the U.K. Sales in France remain strong this period for both Ducros spice and seasonings and Vahin dessert items. While volumes in the U.K. were up, we also increased promotions and allowances to our customers. In both of these markets, we had incremental brand support to drive sales growth into 2011.  Sales in the Asia/Pacific region included the strong result in China that Alan discussed and a slight increase from our business in Australia, where higher sales of recipe mixes and Aeroplane gelatin offset declines in spices and seasonings.  Turning to the Industrial business, we grew sales in the Americas 6% and 5% in local currency. New product wins with snack seasonings and cereal flavors increased our sales to food manufacturers in both the U.S. and Mexico. We saw some pickup in sales of branded products to broad-line distributors this quarter as well, which is encouraging, although we remained cautious. These increases in volume and product mix were slightly offset by a decrease from lower pricing as we passed through lower commodity costs, primarily dairy ingredients. This is starting to level out and we expect to see prices increase in 2011 as we pass through rising costs of wheat, soybean oil and other commodities to industrial customers. In EMEA, Industrial sales rose 1% and were up 4% in local currency.  Sales to quick-service restaurants led this increase, particularly in the U.K. and South Africa. Our branded Food Service business in the U.K. has recovered nicely from the bankruptcy of our major distributor in mid-2009. Industrial sales rose 20% in the Asia/Pacific region with a 15% increase in local currency. Alan mentioned the strong growth in China and Southeast Asia. Australia also drove sales growth with new products for quick-service restaurants including beverage flavors and sauces. Across both segments with rising material costs, some higher promotions and allowances and our pricing actions not fully in place, gross profit margin ended the fourth quarter down 10 basis points and down 40 basis points excluding restructuring charges that impacted cost of goods sold in 2009.  As we approach the end of the first quarter of 2011, we expect the decline in gross profit margin to moderate. Our pricing actions for the consumer business are now largely in place in our major markets and we are making continued progress with CCI. SG&A as a percent of sales rose 80 basis points primarily due to the incremental brand marketing support. With higher sales, a decline in gross profit margin and SG&A up, operating income was even with last year on a comparable basis excluding the impact of restructuring charges in the fourth quarter of 2009. The lower income tax rate added $0.09 to fourth quarter earnings per share primarily due to increased foreign tax credits in the U.S. These credits resulted from the repatriation of cash from foreign subsidiaries. Due to the mix of foreign earnings that related to this cash, the repatriation generated these tax credits.  Based on our latest projection, we expect our 2011 tax rate to be 31%. Rising material costs, primarily in our joint venture in Mexico, impacted income from unconsolidated operations which was down slightly this quarter. Sales remained robust from McCormick de Mexico and other our joint ventures which achieved a double-digit increase from the year-ago quarter.  As outlined on Slide 21, fourth quarter earnings per share were $0.99 compared to $0.87 in the prior year. On a comparable basis, excluding $0.04 from 2009 restructuring charges, EPS rose 9%. This was an increase of $0.08 and was due primarily to the favorable tax rate in the quarter. While operating income did not drive EPS growth in the fourth quarter, we are well-positioned for profit growth heading into 2011 with our pricing actions in place, our sales growth initiatives underway and further success with our CCI program.  Before I turn it back over to Alan, I'd like to comment briefly on the balance sheet and cash flow. In 2010, we completed the pay-down of debt related to the acquisition of Lawrys. Our debt ratios at year end were in line with our long-term objectives and we resumed our share repurchase activity. We used $82.5 million to repurchase shares at an average cost of $41.06 per share. For the fiscal year, cash flow from operations was $388 million. This was down 7% from 2009, during which we benefited from a strong reduction in trade receivables.  In 2010, as Alan mentioned, we achieved a three-day reduction in our cash conversion cycle. However, our year-end inventory level was higher than we'd like it to be. Higher cost of our raw and packaging materials has had an impact on our inventory. In addition, because of global crop conditions for a number of key spices and herbs, we have increased some of the positions we hold to ensure a steady supply of high-quality materials for our customers. Having said this, steps to lower inventory remain a particular focus for me and the rest of the organization in 2011.  Let me summarize our remarks as they relate to 2010 financial results. In the face of a sharp increase in material costs and continued caution on the part of the consumers and customers, we were pleased to grow sales and operating income in 2010. Our cash flow remains strong and our balance sheet is sound. We are poised for further investments in our business to drive sales and profit.  And now for a discussion of our outlook, I'd like to turn it back over to Alan.
Alan Wilson: Thanks, Gordon. Heading into 2011, we remain cautious as we continue to operate in an uncertain environment. While we've taken pricing actions to offset the increase in raw and packaging materials, these costs remain volatile. Food service trends in the U.S. have started to level out but still have areas of weakness. And while Consumer sales in our major markets in Europe have been strong, we expect many of the smaller markets there to remain difficult.  We also faced a headwind related to our tax rate. Gordon shared our guidance for a 31% tax rate in 2011. This compares to 28 1/2% in 2010, which excludes the reversal of the significant tax accrual but includes a number of favorable items that we do not expect to repeat in 2011. The increased rate from 28 1/2% to 31% is expected to lower 2011 EPS by about 3%. At this time, we are projecting 2011 EPS in a $2.80 to $2.85 range. This is an increase of 6% to 8% on a comparable basis from $2.65 per share in 2010. Excluding the 3% impact of the higher tax rate, our range is right in line with our long-term 9% to 11% objective for EPS growth.  Behind this projected profit increase are our plans to grow sales 5% to 7% in local currency. Based on current rates, we expect foreign exchange rates to add another 1% in 2011. Pricing across both our Consumer and Industrial businesses is forecast to increase sales approximately 3%. Our key growth initiatives are expected to deliver another 2% to 4% of growth from favorable volume and product mix. Keep in mind that this range accounts for the $10 million shift in Consumer business sales from the first quarter of 2011 into the fourth quarter of 2010, as well as any volume impact from our pricing actions in the Consumer business.  We believe that 5% to 7% sales growth is an achievable goal for 2011. While we plan to discuss this more fully at Cagney, let me give you some quick headlines. In our Consumer business, we are continuing to support Recipe Inspirations and are rapidly gaining distribution of our six new World Flavors in the U.S. Other new products for early 2011 include grilling, grinders and Salad Toppins in the U.S., Flavouful Seasoning Blends in Canada, new Flavourful varieties in the U.K. and new Vahin dessert items in France.  We also intend to introduce our most successful new products in other regions. Examples include the introduction of Slow Cookers in the U.K., Recipe Inspirations in Canada and Thai Chili Sauce in markets outside of China.  While we have a strong category share in our leading markets, we still have opportunities to gain new distribution. We recently won the private label supply in the U.S. for a large grocery retailer and for a leading drugstore chain. In the U.K., we're replacing a competitive brand in a convenience store chain and have made further inroads into smaller store formats which will boost 2011 sales.  On the Industrial side of our business, we have a robust new product pipeline that includes an increasing number of products that help our customers achieve their wellness objectives, whether it's a reduction of salt, a simpler ingredient statement or elimination of trans fats. Many of our largest customers are working towards stated goals for their portfolio of products.  There's been an impressive amount of customer collaboration in our Technical Innovation Centers. In 2010, customer visits to our U.S. facility were up 25% and the number of consumer tests rose 33% from 2009. As evidence of our customer intimacy, our product development capabilities, quality standards and service level, we recently gained an increased share of business for several quick-service customers in the Americas, and have won new business with a restaurant chain in France. Our customer intimacy and capabilities has also won us the supply of new beverage flavors in parts of the Asia/Pacific region. And in 2011, for the first time, we'll be supplying products to quick-service restaurants in India.  Clearly, we have some strong momentum headed into 2011 which supports the sales outlook. Below the top line, we expect only a slight decline from the record gross profit margin achieved in 2010. On Slide 27, you can see some of the pluses and minuses expected to affect gross profit margin in 2011. CCI cost savings are projected to be at least $40 million with a large portion impacting our cost of goods sold. As illustrated, we expect these cost savings, together with our pricing actions, to offset most of the higher material costs. A number of CCI projects to deliver our targeted savings are well underway.  A few final points to summarize our outlook. We're planning brand marketing support to increase in line with our sales growth. The tax rate is projected to be 31%. Income from unconsolidated operations is expected to be down slightly from a record level in 2010. We expect to reduce shares outstanding approximately 1% in the absence of any major acquisition activity and we're planning capital expenditures in a $90 million to $100 million range. We're confident that our category leadership, top line growth initiatives and CCI program will enable us to succeed and to deliver greater shareholder value in 2011. We look forward to providing insights into our key growth initiatives at the upcoming Cagney conference in February and sharing our first quarter results with you in March.  Operator, we'll take the first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from the line of Alexia Howard of Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Bernstein Research: I want to ask about the pace of innovation here. It does feel as though the rate of innovation is really stepped up and as we go into 2011, that's obviously going to be a big driver here. Do you have a number for the percentage of sales from new products that you're at right now? And can we expect this pace of innovation to be a new level that will continue for some years to come?
Alan Wilson: The way we look at it, first I'll answer the first question, we are seeing increased activity in innovation, both driven by our customers, both our food service customers as well as our food manufacturer customers, and we are certainly stepping up our innovation activity. There's a recognition clearly across the industry that we have to innovate to grow. And I'd say the one question mark on that is the impact of increased pricing and whether that will impact our customers' willingness to really go forward with a lot of the innovation as planned. But Ill say the activity really is picked up. We generate about 8% of sales from products that have been introduced in the last three years and that's been a fairly consistent number year-to-year. It ranges between about 8% to 10%.
Alexia Howard - Bernstein Research: And just a quick follow-up on the commodity comp side, it looks as though from the graph on Page 27 that the material cost increase in 2011 is going to be maybe around $100 million. Is that the right ballpark? And how locked in is that at this point given the way everything is bouncing around right now?
Gordon Stetz: You're about right. It's about 7% to 8% off of our raw material or cost of goods sold so that's in the ballpark. I'm sorry, I didn't get your second question, Alexia.
Alexia Howard - Bernstein Research: How locked in is that for 2011 given your forward-buying practices?
Gordon Stetz: We tend not to try and divulge too much about our forward position, but we try to establish coverage to mitigate any of this volatility. So we do try to lock in as much as we can so we don't experience this as we go throughout the rest of the year.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Ken Goldman of JPMorgan Chase.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co: So the New York Post reported that Wal-Mart, to combat competition from dollar stores, is pressuring suppliers to provide products that are smaller and at lower price points. So if that's the case, is it reasonable to assume that your wider range of products, like you sell plenty of A to Z spices already, and the naturally low price points of spice bottles will somewhat immunize you to Wal-Mart's efforts? Or is it too early to know exactly what the impact might be?
Alan Wilson: Yes, without commenting specifically on specific customers, we already sell a variety of sizes of spices at different price points as you all know. We cover everything from economy products all the way through to gourmet, and certainly what we saw last year was a recovery in more of the higher-end stuff, the gourmet. And if you recall what happened a couple of years ago, we saw consumers trading more to DSMs. We're watching to see what actually happens. But the specific initiative to take products out of bottles, that's not something we've historically done.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Just one other question, given the high volatility in your input costs, I think this is worth asking but although it may be kind of from left field, some of the protein industry have been talking about growing their own corn. And clearly you're not facing the volatility in your input costs to that level. But I can see a scenario maybe, it's already happening where the acreage battle starts to affect some of your inputs, too. So I guess I'm asking how volatile would your inputs have to be? How dire would the situation have to become? Not that we're anywhere near there yet, but for you to start going backward in the supply chain to avoid some unpredictability in your costs. I guess could you even do that? Could you, if you wanted to, grow some your own cinnamon or vanilla or is that just too difficult from an operational standpoint? I guess I'm just wondering how to think about the old make or buy decision that for some manufacturers seems to be leaning more toward make lately.
Alan Wilson: For us, because of the wide variety of different products that we source; we source more than 70 individuals spices and then when you add in all the regions that we source from, it's a couple of hundred; it's just too complicated and too complex that would drive us back. Now we've got strong long-term relationships with growers of different products and so while we're not backward integrated, our long-term relationships and the supply stability that we've had helps us in terms of supply assurance and quality. It doesn't necessarily immunize us from the cost volatility, but it certainly does help us. The complexity of everything were doing would say were not driving backward to agriculture.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Alex Bisson from Northcoast Research.
Alex Bisson - Northcoast Research: Maybe just one question on marketing. It looks like going forward, it's not going to be the same headwind that it was in fiscal '10. But could you talk about any changes in how those dollars will be allocated either among geographies or behind new products versus kind of older existing products, things along those lines? Different parts of the portfolio, also.
Gordon Stetz: Sure. Every year, we look at our marketing mix to determine what the best, most effective spends are. And this past year, we've had a combination, if you've seen them, of driving core products with our antioxidant advertising in the U.S., new products like Recipe Inspirations and then our more image building holiday ads that we ran in Thanksgiving and Christmas. We're continuing to really increase at a pretty high percentage rate, our spend against social and digital media because that is becoming a very effective spend and where the consumers are getting our message. We're still going to continue to support our products in France and the U.K. as well as in our other consumer markets like China. And we've got a healthy mix of core products and new product advertising in the U.S. We've got some really good new products that we're introducing in the U.S. that we want to make sure we support as well. But I think just like everybody else, you'll see more of a mix driving to social media because that's where the consumer is getting their information.
Alex Bisson - Northcoast Research: And maybe just one question on product mix: It sounded like the branded piece of the portfolio has picked up in terms of growth and that private label has slowed or maybe even declined a little bit. What do you think is going on there? Do you think consumers are trading up to the branded part of the portfolio or are you losing some customers altogether out of the category?
Alan Wilson: We've certainly seen healthy category performance and I would say we've seen more of a return to brand as consumers have developed more confidence. The other thing is we're driving that with our product innovation and our promotion programs. That has really helped. Obviously, we're cautious on what we think will happen in 2011 given the difficulty the consumers face.
Alex Bisson - Northcoast Research: And then one final question. Can you just talk about the level of coupon activity in the fourth quarter versus last year?
Gordon Stetz: Coupon activity, it was heavier in the U.K. and that's what drove that pricing decline that you saw from the U.K. In the U.S., coupon activity was pretty similar to last year.
Operator: Our next question is from Robert Moskow of Crdit Suisse Group.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG: Just a little back of the envelope math, it looked like when I took that $100 million inflation number and put it on your -- just on the materials part of your cost of goods, you're talking about something in the mid-teens in terms of inflation. And I'm just wondering if you're looking at that way, first of all, Gordon. And have you ever gone into a year with that kind of a headwind to make up foreign pricing? And if so, how do you know that there's not going to be some kind of negative elasticity of demand? You're assuming volume growth in a year when you're taking up pricing, it seems like quite a bit.
Gordon Stetz: We'll have to work through this math a bit, maybe off-line, but we're looking at more about of a 7% to 8% off the raw material base. That is still a significant increase to your point. So I don't want to say that this is not an event that is unusual. We have not historically seen increases at this level. Last time we talked about this was 2008. From an elasticity standpoint, the price increase that we took is 3%. That's not too out of line from our experience in previous years. That is the question mark that we, I think, the industry in general is looking at as we go into 2011. We do have support behind our brand as Alan talked about to make that we continue to innovate and drive the consumer, but that is something that we have factored into our thinking as we've given you the guidance for next year.
Joyce Brooks: And as you see on Slide 27, it's really a combination of the pricing and our CCI savings, both together that are going to offset that or project it to offset that cost inflation.
Alan Wilson: Yes, we didn't feel that we could price completely to the inflation that we need the CCI savings to help offset it as well.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG: Just to show you how I got there, I just took 40% of your cost of goods. I assume that's the percent that's. . .
Gordon Stetz: No, it's a much higher. It's closer to 80% on raw and packaging of cost and goods.75% to 80%, yes.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG: A quick follow-up. In 2010 you had a lot of distribution gains in China and the wet markets and I think that was a good selling point of the stock. I didn't see any follow-up in your 2011 outlook. You've mentioned distribution gains in a lot of places but not China. Are there more gains to be had in just the consumer sector there?
Alan Wilson: Absolutely. We're still pretty concentrated in a few significant cities and we've got product distribution pretty broadly. But the penetration in the mid-tier, which are still huge populations, continues to grow and we're really encouraged by our introduction of condiments, especially things like Thai Sweet Chili Sauce which is doing very well there.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG: Lastly on gross margins, should we factor in kind of dilution in the first half of the year and then building up towards accretion in the back half as the pricing moves its way through?
Gordon Stetz: Well, I'd be careful to try to get into the quarter because a lot of these things are driven by mix of our portfolio. I understand your thought process. Our pricing is executed, so we will start to accrue those benefits into the first quarter. So I'm expecting generally that the gross margins should be -- not a volatile quarter-to-quarter thing but a lot of it can be impacted by industrial versus consumer mix in each of those quarters. So I'd be careful of that type of thinking.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG: And then lastly, just short-term, youre two months into your first quarter, you mentioned that a lot of customers took a lot of inventory in fourth. Do you expect a pretty weak sales number in first quarter, the full $10 million? And how confident are you that its not more than $10 million in terms of how much was pulled forward?
Gordon Stetz: Well, obviously we're still in the quarter and we're reading this as we go forward. We still have some big events ahead of us and particularly U.S. We have Super Bowl and we have Mardi Gras, we have had big promotions. We are still trying to get a determination as to exactly how the sales will impact first quarter. But in general, if you look at the take away versus what we shipped, it does appear that there was a $10 million shift out of Q1 and to Q4 and it's a difficult read right at this moment.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Ann Gurkin from Davenport and Company.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC: Two questions. One, can we start with Zatarains. Can you talk about opportunities to expand Zatarains and the outlook for the growth of that product line over the next several years?
Alan Wilson: Yes, we're very excited about what we're seeing at Zatarains. We had very strong growth in both our boxed rice mixes this past year and we've introduced frozen products. We've had those out there in very limited distribution for a couple of years and we are seeing that expand pretty well, and it's becoming a very nice growth story for the business. And we're doing things like Blackened Chicken Alfredo and Jambalaya in frozen and we've got, I think seven or eight products now that were continuing to expand distribution on. So that's one that we are pretty excited about. Were also hopeful for a return to Louisiana Seafood with our breaders and Crab Boils as we get past last year's oil spill and people get more confidence in the shrimp and fish industry coming out of the Gulf.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC: So high single-digit growth looks reasonable?
Alan Wilson: Yes.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC: And then secondly in terms of acquisition, can you update at all on the volume or potential for acquisition, valuation, any change in that profile?
Alan Wilson: I'd say it's a pretty active environment right now. And so it looks more active, I think than it has for us, at least in the last couple of years. And as you've seen, we've done a very good job of paying down our debt from the Lawrys acquisition and so we have a pretty good pipeline that we are working against.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG: First, was the account that you mentioned in terms of the win, was that Sam's Club? Because I know that you've talked about the potential to take that account out of test market during 2010.
Alan Wilson: No, there's no new update on that particular customer but we do continue to have new product and distribution wins.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG: So if Sam's Club was to go your way, which would be a first half event given the timing of the seasoning -- of the business, that would be incremental to whatever you put out today.
Alan Wilson: Yes, and I can't speculate specifically on what an individual customer is going to do. But we do factor in some distribution wins as part of our sales guidance, but I wouldn't necessarily say that they were commenting that they've made a decision.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG: And then one of the things that I thought was kind of interesting in terms of the charts that you put up on inflation, most of your commodities, there is no futures or liquid market and yet you are seeing significant increases. And so I'm just kind of wondering maybe just from a broader perspective Alan, I mean do you think because there really isn't that like financial speculation, like a lot of times the companies in the industry will say that investor speculation is what's spurring the growth in the commodities but that doesn't really exist in your market. So it seems like -- would you agree with that? And is that -- so the increases that you're seeing are really fundamental-based.
Alan Wilson: Yes, I think the increases were seeing are more fundamental-based. I would say that there is some opportunity by speculators to take pepper inventory because it can be held for a very long time without degrading before it's ground. So there may be some of that, but it's not like we see in soybean oil or wheat or some of the other commodities where it's really driven by speculators. I think the thing we do see is competition for acreage because as farmers move more into corn to take advantage of this ethanol subsidy, they don't plant other things. And so that will impact us to some degree.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG: Well, I guess I went to Ken's question about backward integration and stuff. But based on Bob's comment about Madagascar, I'm not sure -- maybe that place would be better off if you took it over.
Alan Wilson: I'm not going there.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG: And then just last question, in all seriousness, the private label decline that you saw in the fourth quarter, I mean that's really quite surprising. Do you attribute that to just the retailers more focused on brands, your advertising, consumer confidence. Kind of how would you break it down? Because it seems to go against what has been the trend.
Alan Wilson: Yes. Now to comment on the private label products that we supply. And some of it is driven by rationalization of the products that are being offered so there's more of a focus on some efficient assortment. The second thing is where you may see on some of the scanner data where private label is growing, it may be from retailers who produce their own products or we don't supply. But we certainly had a lot of activity behind our brands in the fourth quarter and as we went into the Christmas season. And I think we're benefiting from that. We're aggressive on promotion, we're aggressive on advertising and we typically do see consumers respond at the holiday period to our brands.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Chris Growe of Stifel, Nicolaus.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: I had two questions for you. The first one is, and forgive me if I missed this, but just a question regarding product mix and how that performed in the quarter. My modeling of the Consumer business, given the revenue growth, was a little lighter than I expected. Was mix a factor in that, especially that division?
Alan Wilson: Mix was a positive factor given the strength of the brand in the division. Obviously, the offset to that positive mix as you saw in the gross margin was the increase in the raw material cost that we experienced and the pricing had not yet been implemented until very late in the quarter.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: So I underestimated the cost inflation. Would the fourth quarter run rate been more, in terms of cost inflation, more like what you're going to see in 2011? I know not every quarter is perfectly aligned, but was it up to that sort of level in the fourth quarter?
Alan Wilson: Yes, I think you could expect that although, as Gordon said, there was no pricing impact -- negligible pricing impact in the fourth quarter. And as we go through 2011, we'll see the impact of pricing to help offset that.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: And then I had two questions related to Europe and particularly the Europe Consumer business which was weak this quarter. I guess I'm just trying to understand first of all, is it mostly the U.K. that's driving that weakness? I think you mentioned the other kind of 20% of sales. Do you see that as a risk to 2011, that those other 20% are going to be weak? Or is it the U.K. ? And I guess in relation to the U.K., I'm wondering if there's still some more investment from the standpoint of promotion or price discounting to try and better battle private label on that market.
Alan Wilson: Yes. The U.K. specifically had very heavy promotion and discounts in the quarter and that's why you saw the impact specifically on pricing. Volumes actually did grow but not enough to offset the heavy promotions that we ran there. And I think that's something that we're seeing pretty broadly across the industry and not just our category. And we think the way to win there is to make sure we're offering the right value for the consumers as well as the right mix of innovation. I wouldn't expect to see those smaller markets to impact us to the degree that they have in 2010. One, were up against softer comps and we are again aggressively trying to build and grow those smaller markets as well. But I wouldn't expect those to have the same kind of impact in 2011 than they've had in 2010.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: An effect of lapping essentially more than anything else, right?
Alan Wilson: Right.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: They're not that getting better, I guess is what I'm getting at.
Alan Wilson: I don't think were going to see a strong recovery, but were lapped in some of those lousy comparables.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: One final one, if I could. Your joint venture earnings youre projecting to be down a little bit for the year. I have built-in, from what little I know, some benefits from India, some benefits from Turkey and I was getting obviously profits to grow. So I guess I'm understanding, is it the Mexico piece? Is it soybean oil cost? Is that the main factor we should watch for, kind of hurting that profitability for that business as you see it today?
Alan Wilson: Yes, the primary driver is the Mexican joint venture which is by far the largest and most profitable venture we have. And it is soybean oil and the increase there that's driving that.
Operator: Our next question is from Eric Serrota with Wells Fargo.
Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch: I'm hoping you could provide a little bit more color on the 2011 outlook. If I sort of normalize for the tax rate, and then the $10 million shift in Consumer America sales, you sort of get to some pretty hefty growth rates on the low end, sort of the 9% to 11% range, which I know is in line with your long-term targets. But given the lower cost saves, the lower non-consolidated income, the flat to down gross margins, could you give us a little bit of color as to how you expect the top line to translate into that kind of earnings growth?
Alan Wilson: Well, the guidance weve given is 2% to 4% organic and roughly 3% pricing on the top line. So that's obviously one of the factors that you'll have to consider in your model. You're right in that the gross margin would be flattish and then beyond that, we've indicated that our advertising and promotion would rise roughly in line with sales. And the past few years, we've been growing that in excess of the sales growth rate, and this year were looking at growing it more in line with sales. So, given all those factors, we come back to the guidance that weve provided you.
Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch: And then with the fourth quarter, you didn't see much operating leverage in response to very strong volume. I know that raw materials were up and that squeezed your gross margins. But it also looks like SG&A was up pretty sharply, well more than the $7 million increase in brand spending. What else is in that SG&A line that constrained profit growth in the quarter?
Gordon Stetz: Well, obviously you mentioned the $7 million in advertising and promotion. As we indicated at the beginning of 2010, we're still experiencing the impact of higher pension costs, and that was close to $3 million in Q4. So those two alone are $10 million. The rest of that is generally going to be variable things that rose in line with the healthy sales growth rates.
Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch: And then lastly, I wanted to just circle back to Rob Moskow's question in terms of demand elasticity, it seems like you're looking for some pretty hefty volume growth in 2011, notwithstanding the pricing that you've taken. I guess what gives you the confidence that your elasticity models are reasonable here? Could you provide a little bit more color? It just seems that with 3% pricing to get at the upper end, 4% volume growth despite the $10 million headwind seems like a tall order.
Gordon Stetz: Yes, remember what's happening in the markets. As we take 3% pricing and on different products it's higher and lower than that. 3% is just where it averages out. But the percentage increase on private label products is actually a lot higher. And not only are we -- and because it's really cost driven, were not the only ones that are passing through those increased products or those increased prices. So were seeing the gap, the price gap between private label and brand really close as these price increases take effect. The other thing that gives us confidence in the buying growth is our new product activity and the distribution wins that we talked about.
Operator: Our next question is from Mitch Pinheiro of Janney Montgomery Scott.
Mitchell Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Within your organic sales growth, how do you balance that between the Consumer and the Industrial side?
Joyce Brooks: The 5% to 7% guidance?
Mitchell Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: On the organic, the non-pricing part of your. . .
Alan Wilson: For 2011?
Mitchell Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Yes.
Alan Wilson: It's going to be roughly equal.
Mitchell Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: And as far as cap spending $90 million to $100 million, is there any major projects in that number?
Alan Wilson: Yes, we've got some plant expansion, specifically significant expansion of our Guangzhou plant in China and then there's a number of investments that we're making in increased capacity as we've won some of this new business.
Mitchell Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Final question for Gordon, you mentioned obviously you're going to start reworking on your inventory, but I'm not sure, what can you do to improve that? I mean your cost, your input costs are up, where is that improvement, where does that lie?
Gordon Stetz: That's a fair question. Obviously, there's going to be pressure on our targets given the input costs. But underneath that, the teams are still working very hard on systems and processes, mainly in demand planning and sales and operations planning which relates to safety stocks, finished goods turns and the level of inventories that we need in the pipeline. So you're right in that were going to have some pressure due to raw material cost challenges, but I know the teams are very focused also on underneath all that, executing against some investments that we've made in technology and processes.
Mitchell Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: What would it take for additional price increases in fiscal '11?
Alan Wilson: Well, we're certainly watching the commodity environment pretty closely and we took the pricing that we had to take for the current environment, certainly just like we saw in 2008 with all the volatility. We'll be prepared to respond if we have to, and we think the consumer can bear it. We'll do what we have to do. We certainly have tried to take a very responsible conservative approach with pricing and just do what we have to do. And in fact in this case, we have a combination of our CCI and our pricing to try to offset the impacts that we have.
Mitchell Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: So you're not fully covered for fiscal '11 with your major items.
Alan Wilson: We have a variety of coverage on our items and it just varies based on the specific commodities.
Mitchell Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Has any of your core or key customers helped you or given you some guidance as far as you taking out coverage maybe specifically for a key customer?
Alan Wilson: Well, specifically with our Industrial customers, we collaborate on what coverage to take and when we're going to take it and at what kind of pricing. So the Industrial business, we feel pretty confident that we'll be able to work our way through this and I would see price changes in Industrial as more fluid. In Consumer, specific to that, we make those decisions pretty well based on what we see from a volume demand and pricing standpoint as well, so were kind of making those decisions ourselves.
Operator: Our next question is from Andrew Lazar, Barclays Capital.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: You talked about the combination of pricing and productivity being used obviously to cover some of the cost increases and perhaps that's the prudent approach, given where the consumer is at. And I apologize, I can't remember, back in '07 and '08 with some of the pricing that you took, was that on its own able to cover, or more on its own able to cover the inflation that you saw then? Whereas in productivity it was a bit more incremental to the bottom line, or was it fairly similar as this time around?
Alan Wilson: Yes, in 2007 and 2008 when we took pricing, we were dealing with cost increases but we weren't seeing the kind of runaway inflation in spice commodities that we're seeing now. It was limited in certain areas and we were pricing and generally that's been our philosophy. We want to try to price to cover commodity costs and then use productivity to offset all the other things that we have to deal with like pension costs and wage inflation and those sorts of things. In this case, because the commodities have been so much higher, we're taking what we think is a more moderate approach to that.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: And then in terms of some of the cost increases you've seen, the way that those came about, was it equally as volatile as we might have seen a lot of commodities back in '08? Or were there cost increases that you kind of see coming in the way you do your procurement and such that you can plan a bit for it or is it tougher this time around?
Alan Wilson: No. We've been able to plan for it because we've seen. It's just been a kind of a steady escalation and some of it driven if there'd been any surges, it's been more because of specific weather events as opposed to something that we've seen like in soybean oil where over night things just changed. We've seen a steady increase in pepper, really over the last three years. Garlic is one of those thats had the highest volatility and that's more driven by specific weather events that we think are more like a one time, one year in nature.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: And then last thing just some of the other non-commodity costs you mentioned pension, things like that. I know that was a headwind in 2010 not mentioned this year, perhaps it's not as big a deal. Any other things we should sort of watch out for or that youd call out in the cost structure outside of commodities for this year?
Alan Wilson: Now pension should be roughly the same Andrew, and obviously we indicated on the tax line, tax costs would be up relative to this year. But other than that, commodities are the issue.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have time for one more question. That question is from Robert Dickerson of Consumer Edge Research.
Robert Dickerson: Just a couple of easy questions. I guess one, just a follow-up from Andrew's on the gross margin. I know I can't remember. I think it's slide 27. It does look like there is some gross margin pressure expected in '11 from that other bucket. So please explain, I guess what's in that other bucket.
Joyce Brooks: Yes, that's a small number. I think that would represent our labor and overhead increases.
Robert Dickerson: And that's just wage inflation or that's just employee count?
Joyce Brooks: I can get back to you on that. It's a small increase and I don't. . .
Alan Wilson: Itd probably be more wage inflation. We're not expecting any kind of major surge or anything like that in hiring.
Robert Dickerson: And then on the pricing side, should we expect to be somewhat balanced between the consumer and Industrial segments or do you think it's more weight towards the consumer?
Alan Wilson: I think there will be higher pricing in the Industrial segments based on the commodity pastures and the way that we deal with those. The Consumer segment we tend to price usually once a year and then lock that. Again, given the volatility, we may have to re-evaluate that. But with industrial it's more on a real-time basis since were passing through different commodity positions.
Robert Dickerson: And then I'm just curious, obviously there's a lot of talk around will pricing be passed through, and some food companies are able to take pricing but you don't necessarily see it at retail. Is there any way to give us any feel as to, just conversations that you've had with retailers whether, you know, obviously you're expecting pricing to be up for you, but do you think that we should or should we expect to see that in the scanner or at retail?
Alan Wilson: I think we'll expect to see it at the shelf.
Robert Dickerson: And then lastly, housekeeping. I know you said before that you expected to pay down the short-term debt, the $100 million in fiscal year '11, I'm assuming that's fully paid.
Gordon Stetz: I'm sorry?
Robert Dickerson: You just stated before that you have a $100 million in short-term debt and you. . .
Gordon Stetz: The $100 million that we list on our balance sheet is short-term debt, it's actually long-term debt that's gone current that will come due in July.
Robert Dickerson: I believe it was in Q3, you said that you expected to pay that down with cash. I just wondered. . .
Gordon Stetz: I'm sorry. We'll let that obviously mature into commercial paper and then operating cash will be used to pay down whatever commercial paper is outstanding.
Operator: I would now like to turn the floor back over to Ms. Brooks for closing comments.
Joyce Brooks: Well, thank you for participating in today's call. Through February 2, you may access a telephone replay of the call by dialing (877) 660-6853. The account number for the replay is 309 and the ID number is 361216. You can also listen to a replay on our website later today. If anyone has additional questions regarding the information we shared today, please give me a call at (410) 771-7244. This concludes our call.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-09-30 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Joyce Brooks - VP, IR Alan Wilson - President and CEO Gordon Stetz - EVP and CFO Paul Beard - SVP, Finance and Treasurer.
Analysts: Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein Alex Bisson - Northcoast Research Ken Goldman - JPMorgan Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Mitch Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank 
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the McCormick's third quarter 2010 conference call. (Operator Instructions) It is now my pleasure to introduce your host Joyce Brooks, Vice President, Investor Relations, for McCormick.
Joyce Brooks: Good morning to everyone on today's call and to those joining us by webcast. The purpose of our call is to provide an update on our business, review McCormick's third quarter financial results, and share our latest 2010 outlook. We have posted a set of slides to accompany today's call at our Website, ir.mccormick.com. In the room with me are Alan Wilson, Chairman, President and CEO; Gordon Stetz, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Paul Beard, Senior Vice President, Finance and Treasurer. Alan will begin with the business update, followed by Gordon who will review our financial results and outlook. After that we look forward to discussing your questions. As a reminder, our presentation today contains projections and other forward-looking statements, and actual results could differ materially from those projected. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or other factors. In addition, certain information that we will present today are not GAAP measures. This includes information which excludes the impact of a significant tax accrual reversal recorded in the third quarter of 2010 and restructuring charges recorded in 2009. We present this non-GAAP information for comparative purposes alongside the most directly comparable GAAP measures. Reconciliations of GAAP to non-GAAP measures can be found in this latest press release and in the presentation slides for our call. It is now my pleasure to turn the discussion over to Alan.
Alan Wilson: Thanks, Joyce. Good morning everyone, and thank you for joining us. We're pleased to report another quarter of strong financial performance at McCormick. While the economy continues to be challenging, and consumers in many of our markets remain cautious, we achieved solid sales growth, exceptional margin improvement and a strong increase in profits. With the range of conditions across our major markets, our pace of sales growth vary by market. While the benefits of product innovation, incremental marketing and expanded distribution have been offset in part by certain areas of weakness, we consider our year-to-date sales result a solid performance in today's environment. During the same period, gross profit margin improvement has been tracking well ahead of our 50 basis point objective, with gross profit margin up 130 basis points year-to-date. Our margin improvement has made its way to the bottom line, more than offsetting higher brand marketing support and increased pension cost, and as a result, we have increased EPS at a double digit pace through the first three quarters when items affecting comparability are excluded. This margin performance is being driven both by Comprehensive Continuous Improvement, our CCI program and a more favorable mix of business. McCormick employees have made excellent progress in increasing productivity. Throughout our operations, we are buying more effectively, applying tools and technology and streamlining processes. We expect to surpass our initial goal to reduce cost by $35 to $40 million in 2010, and now project at least $45 million in cost savings. We have CCI champions in place in all major locations, and they already have a list of projects ready for 2011. We are also seeing a more favorable mix of business being achieved in two ways. First, consumer sales growth outpaced that of the industrial business. With the inherently higher margin of our consumer business relative to our industrial business, this shift in mix is accretive to gross profit margin for the total company. The second aspect of favorable mix is within our industrial business. For a fifth consecutive quarter, we have improved both the gross profit and operating income margins for this business when measured on a comparable basis. At the operating income line, industrial business margins reached 8.9% for the third quarter and an 8.1% year-to-date for 2010. This is a result of stronger growth with higher margin products as well as the benefits of CCI-led cost savings. In summary, we are making excellent progress toward our longer term goal of 9% to 10% operating income margin for the industrial business. Next, I'd like to share our perspective on conditions in each of our primary markets and provide an update on our growth initiatives beginning on slide 7. In the Americas, we believe consumers remain cautious in their purchase decisions and meal choices. As you would expect, we've had good success in the past quarters as we stepped up our coupon and other brand value messages. And you'll see more of that in the fourth quarter. Well, we have a lot more underway for the holiday period. In the U.S. we've gained good traction with our latest product introductions. Backed by a significant ad campaign in the second quarter and the plans again to run again in the fourth quarter, all varieties of recipe inspiration have made it into the top 40% of McCormick blends. In 2011 we'll introduce World Flavors, six additional items that offer consumers a low-risk way to prepare (Restaurant-Sauv) ethnic foods at home. Some retailers have recipe inspiration secondary placement in the meat section, and others have already accepted all six World Flavors. Other new products in the U.S. build up our strong consumer franchise for grinders, salad toppings and grilling. In addition, we just introduced our Flavor Forecast - Holiday Edition! which is already getting a lot of attention in the media. And for the first time, we are going to run advertising for Thanksgiving that is distinct from our Christmas ads in the U.S. In Canada, we revitalized our Club House brand recipe mixes in 2009, exceeding a 50% category share for the first time. In 2010 we are revitalizing our spices and seasonings with new labels, new varieties, and marketing support. Another area of strength this year has been our sales of ethnic foods in the United States, especially Hispanic items which were up again in the third quarter. This is a business largely built on authentic Hispanic products and the imports of mayonnaise and other items from our joint venture in Mexico. In 2010 we began to import tea from Mexico and recently added the El Bravo brand of Hispanic products to our portfolio. This was an $11 million acquisition completed in early September. Beyond Hispanic products, we are extending our Simply Asia brand to dipping sauces and Zatarain's to frozen entrees which have gained distribution nationally with a leading Red House Club. While not included in our consumer business results for the Americas, our joint venture in Mexico has grown sales at a double digit pace this year. And profit has more than double, due in part to some favorable soybean prices. On the industrial side of our business, in the Americas, product innovation for food manufacturers has been up in 2010 as evidenced by number of new seasoning blends and flavors in U.S. and Mexico. On the Food Service side, sales were a bit weak in comparison to the third quarter 2009 which had the benefit of some large new product launches by quick service restaurants. We are encouraged by our 2011 pipeline of product innovation for these customers. In Europe, Middle East and Africa, EMEA, our two largest markets are U.K. and France. In each of these countries, we've seen retail sales growth of our branded spices and herbs outpace private label in the most recent period. Our innovations in marketing have emphasized differentiated products like Perfect Shake seasoning blends, Flavorful recipe mixes and Ducros grinders. Perfect Shake is modeled on the success of our Perfect Pinch line in U.S. and has delivered double digit sales growth of seasoning blends in the U.K. Incremental Marketing in the fourth quarter will be behind these types of products as well as our Vahine line of homemade desserts. Ready for launch as we had into 2011, our Schwartz recipe mixes for vegetables and a full range of Slow Cookers. In France we are introducing four new Ducros grinders, seven additional Ducros herbs and spices, and three varieties of Pattiserie Vahine dessert mixes. While we've had more steady sales growth in the U.K. and France, we continue to face slower consumer business sales in some of our smaller markets where the economy is particularly weak. Industrial sales in Europe had been robust in 2010. This has been driven good growth opportunities with quick service restaurants, which have maintained traffic with value pricing and promotions. And our sales to food manufacturers have grown as some of these leading customers expand geographically into markets in Eastern Europe and the Middle East. The last comment I wanted to make about EMEA relates to a joint venture agreement in agreement in Turkey. This is a market where we have operated successfully with an industrial joint venture partner since 1996. Earlier in September, we signed an agreement with Yildiz Holding, a leading food manufacturer in Turkey. Together our goal is to build a leading brand of spices herbs and seasoning products in Turkey. We are excited about this opportunity to build a consumer business in a promising market. Turning to Asia-Pacific region, during the third quarter, we were pleased to reach an agreement to purchase 26% stake in Eastern Condiment for approximately $35 million. We expect to close on this joint venture by the end of 2010. Eastern is a leading brand of spices, seasonings, and other food related products in India and the Middle East. Sales have grown more than 25% on average across the past three years and we are approaching $70 million annually. This is a great point of entry into an attractive consumer market. And when the complements are existing joint ventures which was four more than ten years ago to source and process spices in India. China in South-East Asia offer substantial opportunities for growth in both grocery and food service channels. In our consumer business in china, we've introduced new products such as Thai chili sauce, expanded our distribution and increased our advertising campaigns, all supported by a new team of experienced brand marketers. Our industrial team in this region, has gained new distribution to global food manufacturers most recently with Condiments, and continues to follow the steady growth of quick service restaurants. We are a top supplier to these customers, adding flavor to a wide range of menu items, including beverages, ice-cream and chicken. While the economy in Australia has been quite resilient, it's a tough, highly concentrated retail market. Our focus there remains in bringing innovations to these categories where we have a leading brand position. For example, new products under our popular Aeroplane brand have taken our share of the gelatin category in Australia above 70%, and it's now approaching 80%. Across all regions, the Americas, EMEA, and Asia-Pacific, we are facing rising input cost including pepper, garlic and a number of others spices and herbs. We've already taken a price increase on pepper in the U.S. consumer business, and are evaluating additional increases in the Americas and international markets as we had in 2011. The last topic that I would like to cover before turning it over to Gordon, relates to cash. Those of you who follow us closely know that cash flow typically begins to build in the third quarter and peaks in the fourth quarter of our fiscal year. We've nearly completed a rapid pay down of debt related to the Lawry's acquisition and have resumed our share repurchase activity. During the third quarter, we repurchased $32 million of shares, and in September, completed the $400 million share repurchase program authorized in June of 2005. We are now repurchasing shares under the new $400 million dollar share repurchase program. Through the first three quarters, we spent $38 million on share repurchases and expect to continue at a steady pace into the fourth quarter, reaching at least $75 million of share repurchases for the fiscal year. By year end, other uses of cash in 2010 are expected to include not only share repurchases, but dividends, capital expenditures, debt repayment and acquisitions with the purchase of El Bravo and the anticipated closure of the eastern joint venture. To summarize, we're operating successfully in the midst of a tough global economy with consumers still under pressure in many of our primary markets. We're growing sales with effective marketing, entre'ing new products and increased distribution. Our CCI program and business mix are improving margins throughout the business. This is our fuel for growth and a driver behind higher profit, ensuring cash flow. As we head into our fourth quarter, we're well positioned for this important holiday period and on track for a record performance in 2010. Let me conclude my remarks with a sincere thanks to McCormick employees around the world for their commitment and talent, their passion for flavor, and a demonstrated agility in managing our business and their ability to achieve great results. Gordon, I'll turn it over to you at this point and join back in for Q&A.
Gordon Stetz: Thanks, Alan, and good morning everyone. We are extremely pleased with our latest financial results. Clearly, improved margins and higher profits were the headline news this quarter. We also had some areas of solid sales growth as well as parts of the business that remained under pressure. For the total company, sales rose 0.4% and in local currency were up 1.5% due primarily to favorable volume and product mix. As indicated on Slide 15, in the Americas region, consumer business sales rose 4% and in local currency grew 3%. Incremental sales from new products, particularly Recipe Inspirations drove favorable volume and product mix along with increased sales of Hispanic products and Lawry's items. Sales from the Sam's Club lead market and distribution gains for Billy Bee Honey in Canada also added to sales volume and product mix. Spicing in this region was also favorable in the third quarter. While the Pepper increase that Alan mentioned had a minimal impact on sales, we had a favorable net sales impact from lower food productivity in comparison to the prior year period, although on a year-to-date basis we are about even with last year's coupon expense. Consumer sales in EMEA declined 10% from the year-ago quarter with a 1% decrease in local currency. Sales in France remained strong this period with the Ducros brand outperforming the category. In our other large market, the U.K., we are growing sales with new products such as Perfect Shake and our Flavorful range, and we were recently awarded new distribution in the Convenience Store channel. In the fourth quarter, our marketing focus will be on both the U.K. and France with an emphasis on new products and incremental brand support. The third quarter sales increases in our primary markets were offset again this quarter by lower sales in our smaller markets which account for about 20% of consumer sales in the EMEA region. In the Asia-Pacific region, we had an excellent quarter with an 11% increase in consumer sales. In local currency, sales were up 7%. We grew volume and product mix in China through new products like Thai Chili Sauce, as well as greater market penetration and increased consumer demand. Sales in this market were up 15%. Operating income, excluding restructuring charges for our consumer business was $96 million, an increase of 8% from the third quarter of 2009. We achieved this increase through CCI-led cost savings as well as higher sales. While brand marketing support was down $2 million this period, we have increases planned for the fourth quarter, and are on track for our targeted $20 million of additional spending for the fiscal year. Turning to our industrial business, we delivered $30 million in operating income, excluding restructuring charges, an increase of 6%. And more favorable business mix and productivity improvements are leading to higher operating income and operating income margin, which was nearly 9% for the third quarter. Let's take a look at the sales performance for this part of our business on Slide 18. Industrial sales in the Americas declined 1% and in local currency were down 2%. In response to lower commodity costs, primarily dairy ingredients, we passed through lower pricing for certain products during this period. This led to a price reduction of 3%. We grew sales volume and product mix with new seasonings and flavors to food manufacturers in the U.S. and Mexico. The sales were largely offset by weak sales to food service customers in comparison to a period of strong new product launches by quick service restaurants in the third quarter of 2009. As Alan noted, we have some promising products in the pipeline for these customers and are excited about their launch in 2011. In EMEA, industrial sales declined 3% but in local currency grew 5%. Sales to quick service restaurants continue to be strong in this region, and we are growing sales of seasonings and other products to major food manufacturers as they expand geographically. In the third quarter, we also benefited from a recovery in branded food service products in the U.K. when compared to a period of weakness in the third quarter of 2009. Industrial sales rose 10% in the Asia Pacific region with a 7% increase in local currency. This increase was led by excellent growth in China as a result of new product wins with quick service restaurants for chicken wing marinades, beverage flavors and other items. We also developed condiments for a major food manufacturer that we recently launched in this market. For the total business, operating income rose 7%, excluding the impact of restructuring charges in the third quarter of 2009, as shown on Slide 19. Gross profit margin improvement was a significant part of this increase, up 180 basis points for the quarter, and up 130 basis points year-to-date. This was well ahead of our 50 basis point projection for the year, and an indication of the effectiveness of our CCI program and our efforts to achieve a more favorable mix of products and customers. SG&A as a percent of sales rose 70 basis points, due largely to the higher cost of benefits. Turning to taxes, discrete tax items and a lower underlying rate added $17 million to net income. Of this amount, $14 million related to the reversal of a significant tax accrual for a closed tax year, which is a non-cash item. This tax accrual was reported based on uncertainties about the tax aspects of transactions where the company reorganized its European operations and divested certain joint ventures. This reversal increased earnings per share by $0.10 in the third quarter. We are providing you with non-GAAP results that exclude the impact of the reversal of this $14 million tax accrual to allow for a better comparison to prior years, and as a more appropriate starting point for 2011 projections. Excluding this and other discrete tax benefits, our underlying tax rate for 2010 is now 32%, based on the mix of earnings across our various tax jurisdictions and projected tax credits in the U.S. This is down from the rate of 33% that we provided in our June call. Income from unconsolidated operations increased significantly again this quarter as a result of our McCormick to Mexico joint venture. This business grew sales 13% and effectively managed through a period of soybean oil volatility, a key ingredient for the leading product, mayonnaise. We believe income from unconsolidated operations could reach a record $25 million in this fiscal year. As outlined on Slide 22, third quarter earnings per share were $0.76 compared to $0.57 in the prior year. On a comparable basis, excluding $0.10 from the significant tax item in the third quarter of 2010, EPS rose 17%. This was an increase of $0.09 and was due primarily to higher operating income, as well as $0.03 of higher income from unconsolidated operations and $0.02 impact from additional tax rate items, offset slightly by higher shares outstanding. Note that in the third quarter of 2009, we had minimal restructuring charges. I'll comment briefly on cash flow. Year-to-date cash flow from operations was $145 million in 2010 compared to $195 million in the first three quarters of 2009. While higher net income added $53 million in 2010, this was more than offset by an increase in operating assets and liabilities. McCormick profit continues to bring focus to working capital, and business leaders are rewarded not only for strong operating income, but also for their management of working capital. This focus has continued in 2010, as we work toward our 2012 goal to reduce the cash conversion cycle by another 10 days. However, our inventory levels were up at the end of the third quarter. This was due in part to certain inventory positions we have taken, some build up of inventory prior to an SAP implementation in Asia and higher raw material costs. Working to lower our inventory levels is a particular focus for me and the rest of the organization heading into 2011. As Alan stated, share repurchases total $38 million year-to-date. We also used cash largely for dividends, capital expenditures and debt pay down. Let me wrap up with our latest outlook for 2010. Based on our strong year-to-date profit and margin performance, we are raising our guidance. Gross profit margin has been tracking well ahead of our 50 basis point objective, with a 130 basis point increase through the first three quarters. For the full year, we are projecting roughly a 100 basis points of improvement. This strong improvement is due in large part to our above target CCI-driven cost savings as well as favorable business mix. On a comparable basis, which excludes the favorable tax reversal recorded in 2010 and restructuring charges recorded in 2009, we now expect to increase earnings per share in the range of 9% to 11%. This is up from our initial guidance of 6% to 8%, and right in line with our long term objectives. Keep in mind that our EPS guidance continues to include $20 million of incremental marketing programs and $15 million in higher pension expense. For the fourth quarter, Alan outlined our latest marketing plans, which along with distribution gains and product innovation have us poised for a solid sales performance. While increased brand support, higher input costs and unfavorable currency exchange rate will effect EPS growth, we expect to be at or above the excellent profit performance achieved in the fourth quarter of 2009. Let me summarize our remarks by stating that we are on track for 2010 to be a record year for McCormick, which is right in line with our long term profit growth objective. Alan and I look forward to sharing our fourth quarter results with you in January, along with our outlook for 2011. Operator, we'll take the first question.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question is coming from the line of Alexia Howard with Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein: I just wanted to ask about the gross margin outlook. I think your guidance suggested there's going to be some downturn in the fourth quarter despite the very strong performance year-to-date. Could you maybe just give us an idea of what's driving that? In particular, the commodity outlook would be helpful.
Gordon Stetz: As we indicated in our last call, we had some pressures on a number of commodity items; pepper being one, garlic, some packaging items. So the impact of those we are expecting to start to feel into the fourth quarter and that's coloring our outlook as we look into how we perform this quarter.
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein: And just a real quick follow-up, I was looking at the consumer takeaway data here in the U.S. and it looks as though the price gaps related to private label seem to be on the rise again. And I'm wondering whether you're seeing anything in terms of private label activity? It seems as though in other areas we're maybe seeing a little bit of a pull back in promotional activity. So I was a little surprised to see that, and I was wondering if you could give that too and what the explanation might be?
Alan Wilson: I think it was a reflection of increased promotion in private label and more of a reflection that in the quarter we were not promoting as heavily. And what I'll say is as we head into fourth quarter, we're back to similar levels that we had last year in the fourth quarter with both coupon activity and price promotion.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Alex Bisson with Northcoast Research.
Alex Bisson - Northcoast Research: First on coupon activity, you mentioned presently that it was down; I assume that means you're issuing fewer coupons not that fewer being redeemed. Can you just talk a little bit about the decision to pull back on that?
Alan Wilson: Yes, that's correct. What we're seeing or what we've done in the third quarter, as you recall last year we were very heavy on coupon activity in the quarter. We dialed back that and focused more of our spending against TV advertising for things like grilling and recipe inspirations. And so that's a result that was a conscious effort in the fourth quarter again, because it's such an important part of our sales for the year we're back to a level that's more like what we did last year.
Alex Bisson - Northcoast Research: And then Gordon is it possible to kind of parse out the increase in your inventory between kind of the increase in cost versus the increase in units and mix?
Gordon Stetz: I guess the best way to describe it Alex would be, there was not one particular item that I can point to as the increase. We mentioned a number of things; we had an SAP implementation in China particular. We talked about the upward pressure on raw material items. So there's not one item that I could point to in particular. So as a combination it's spread pretty evenly across all those events.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Ken Goldman with JPMorgan.
Ken Goldman - JPMorgan: A question about innovation going into 2011. It seems like you had some pretty successful products in the Consumer business this year. I'm wondering what the pipeline looks like going into next year. And also what retail willingness is to accept new items. I mean given the economy and consumers caution still some of the new items are often accretive to mix. And some retailers, from my understanding in some other categories have pushed back on some new items that have maybe been at higher price, higher margin items. So I'm just curious how you think about both, your pipeline and retailer acceptance to that?
Alan Wilson: We feel really good about our pipeline both in the products that we're supplying from a consumer standpoint and the product that we're supplying to other consumer manufacturers. I think it is a mixed bag out there, but we're hearing from a lot of retailers that in order to grow they need innovation. In fact recent discussions that we've had with some of our large customers are that they really want to see more innovation, because that's how you get a growth. Certainly, you've got to get the product mix and the price points right for it to be successful with consumers. And that is certainly a factor and I think we're still a bit in a mode where you want to make sure that what you do, you do right. And it's not just throwing a whole bunch of stuff out there to see what works. I think there's still a lot of scrutiny. But I think we're kind of coming out of the mode where everybody kind of hunkered down and focused on small stuff. And are more working on a new product innovation. I think it's healthy for the business, it's healthy for the retailers, and it's certainly good for consumers.
Ken Goldman - JPMorgan: And can you give us an update on the Sam's Club tests?
Alan Wilson: Without getting into specifics on the customer, when we typically replace competitors products, our customers see good growth in sales. And I would say, we're not projecting what the customer's are going to do, but we're seeing results from those markets that we're pretty happy with.
Ken Goldman - JPMorgan: And one last one, on the tax rate, if my numbers are right, I think you've done close to 30% for the tax rate on a pro-forma basis for the first three quarters of the year. I think if I'm reading you right, you're guiding to a 32% tax rate for the whole year, so that implies a fairly hefty 34% to 35% tax rate in the fourth quarter. Is that right or are my numbers slightly off there?
Alan Wilson: We're guiding to a 32% underlying rate, which excludes a number of the discrete items that are holding that year-to-date breakdown of 30%. So we're saying, if the underlying rate is going to continue to be 32% absent for any of those discrete items.
Ken Goldman - JPMorgan: And, Gordon, for modeling next year, how do we think about the tax rate, or is it too early to do that.
Gordon Stetz: It's a bit too early. We'll certainly be able to provide you with all of that guidance in January, but it's a bit too early for us. And obviously with the uncertainty around a lot of the tax legislation, it's difficult call to make at this moment.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Chris Growe with Stifel Nicolaus.
Unidentified Analyst: This is actually (Stephen Greg with Mandalay Research). A couple of questions, two months ago in the Wall Street Journal there was article mentioned, how e-commerce is going to revolutionize and shape the way companies do business in 2011. Can you provide some color as to what your plan on your e-commerce initiatives are going to be in the next couple of years and how do you plan to get there?
Alan Wilson: We're not getting too much into next year. Over the last couple of years, we have really increased the percentage of spend against things like social media and reaching consumers in different ways. And we're going to continue to beat that up. We're active on all the networks like Facebook and Twitter, and reaching directly to one-on-one with consumers. In terms of how we're also dealing that with our retailers, we're working with them and making sure that our products for future and recipe, so before the consumer gets to the store they're thinking about our products. And so it's a combination of reaching directly to consumers with our marketing efforts and working with customers on shopper marketing to make sure that our brands are preferred. In terms of direct sales to consumers through the internet, that's not something that we're aggressively doing. Certainly in areas where certain products aren't available, we make those available on the internet but it's not a heavy emphasis for us internally. I think I'm getting of what you're asking.
Unidentified Analyst: Is mobile going to be very important to you guys, are you guys going to try and make in a name albeit like Android will have, providing certain apps to allow customers to find your information much more effectively.
Alan Wilson: Yes, we've got an iPhone app that's active now. With recipes, we've done the same thing in Europe with our Schwartz brand and with some kind of fun things. So when you shake your iPhone on the Schwarz app you get different recipes that pop up. So we're doing a number of those kinds of things to try to reach consumers.
Unidentified Analyst: On a separate note, what I'm noticing on transportation cost, we're seeing (across-to-aboard) transportation costs are rising pretty dramatically as a percentage of revenue going up. What are you guys giving any attention to or putting any types of program in place to reduce transportation cost? And how are you planning to get there?
Alan Wilson: We have a transportation management system that helps us optimize our routes. And as we're working with our customers on making sure that we're doing everything we can to minimize those increases, certainly as things change we consistently look at our network to make sure that we're doing it as effectively and efficiently as possible. But just like in some of our commodity costs we are seeing some transportation costs go up.
Unidentified Analyst: You have about a percentage what you're seeing go up in the last year, have you guys have any metrics or anything?
Gordon Stetz: I'm sorry, say that again.
Unidentified Analyst: Have you run any number to see, what have your costs gone up this year on a percentage basis of revenues? Have you guys run those numbers?
Gordon Stetz: We haven't shared any of those metrics, but I'll say it certainly has been rising as you've heard across through other industries. And it is certainly something that we take into our outlook as we give guidance into the fourth quarter.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And in terms of reducing those, you said, I know you have system that is kind of helping with that.
Gordon Stetz: Yes, that's the way how we try to optimize. We optimize through route management, that's our primary vehicle.
Unidentified Analyst: And final question going forward. Obviously you guys had a great quarter. We're still looking at possible recession where companies are looking at really highly control cost. How are you guys going to be in 2011 really looking at your supply chain operations? I know you just had the SAP implementation in China. But how are you guys looking at supply chain operations to overall reduce costs and transportation and raw materials and the like to make sure overall you're improving the bottomline?
Gordon Stetz: Well, our CCI program, Comprehensive Continues Improvement has really geared it all back. And a lot of the $45 million in savings we're projecting this year is a combination of supply chain as well as product sourcing and SG&A savings. We have a very similar effort and a pipeline of projects that are built against next year as well. As you may recall, we shared $150 million savings objective in our Analyst Meeting this year. We are well on track to hit that over the next couple of years. And it's a big part of our algorithm. It's very much about reducing our cost. Reinvesting that money back into the business to help grow sales, and that's been our algorithm for quite a while.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Andrew Lazar of Barclays Capital.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: One, year-to-date, I think your organic sales is running maybe just a bit below sort of the 2% to 4% organic target that you'd set in sales for the year. Is 2% to 4% organic still the right target for the year at this stage based on what you've got planned in the fourth quarter from a merchandising perspective? Or is that something we have to reconsider?
Alan Wilson: We're holding that guidance. Obviously our fourth quarter is our biggest and most important quarter of the year. We feel very positive about our plans for the fourth quarter. Obviously we've got to execute those. But we're bullish on our fourth quarter.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: And I know that, I guess in the fourth quarter coming up you've intimated that inflation is going to peak up a bit, perhaps run a bit ahead of pricing. And that you're considering potentially some additional moves where it makes sense and it's justified. It may be too early, but what type of read are you getting on, let's say the areas where you've taken some pricing like in pepper around volume or consumer reaction. And does that make you more or less willing to take some more action, especially because you raised your productivity targets which can help you offset some of that? I'm trying to get a sense of viewing the industry or in a place where when and if it's justified, if it can be kind of done judiciously given everyone's raised productivity?
Alan Wilson: Pricing is something that we give a lot of thought before we raise it again, because as somebody pointed out earlier those price gaps between the brand and private label are very important to us. What we've seen in, it's really a read to consumer reaction on pepper. We just announced and implemented the increase over the last couple of weeks. But we take that very carefully to make sure that we understand the tradeoff between recovering cost by raising prices and the impact on volume. And as we're looking at what we're going to do over the next year, we're considering all those things. What we have to do to recover cost. Offset obviously by our savings programs and then the impact that we'll get on volume and then the investment we'll need to make in advertising and promotion to keep the consumers coming. So it's something that we very tightly consider. We were successful in getting the pepper price increase through. And we're going to watch certainly volumes, it's something that we're really sensitive to.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Robert Dickerson with Consumer Edge Research.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research: I just had a quick question on just the free cash flow. And obviously it sounds like you're saving some of the cash in the short term for the SAP implementation in Asia. But I know before you had mentioned that you were expecting about $45 million in anticipated contributions into pensions for the year. Is that still correct?
Alan Wilson: Yes, that's correct. And a lot of those largely done already and reflected in the cash flow.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research: And then still as we look at the balance sheet now and we see a bit of a ramp in inventories just in Q3. Is that solely do you think from Asia?
Alan Wilson: As I said earlier, it's a combination of factors as we've described. It's partially that, it's certainly the raw material cost pressure. It's securing supply for the fourth quarter. A little bit of it quite frankly, if we could have been better on our own forecasting, and so that's where our teams are focused. We're making investments. We've got profit fees. Our VP of supply chain is all over this. So it's an area of focus. And as we shared with everyone during the investor conference, this is the area we look for over the next two to three years for improvement and our performance to give us the next level of improvement on our cash conversion cycle.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research: Just another question following up a little bit to Andrew's question on the topline. It sounds like you are staying with the 2% to 4% organic growth target for the year which would imply that you are obviously expecting a strong fourth quarter. But could you just comment on just a little bit how we should look at the data that obviously we all see on a scanner basis, because since 2007 you've still continued to loose some dollar share and track channels. And I'm not sure that could just be because of a shift to more demand in track channels or if it's because the pricing is too high. I'm just trying to get a little bit of clarity so that I can understand better how to read a loss in share in those channels relative to what we're not seeing in other channels.
Alan Wilson: Just keeping that in perspective, generally what everybody is looking at is a very small portion of our overall sales. The scanner data that you're talking about covers only spices and herbs and people have ignored our share gains in dry season mixes. You are only looking at about half the store population in the U.S. because it doesn't cover warehouse clubs, dollar stores mass market like Wal-Mart and others. And it doesn't include all the sales that we had to Hispanic stores or Zatarain's Products and so it's capturing a smaller portion of that. Now we're not happy about share losses in any channel. And our teams are working aggressively to make sure that we both continue to grow our share in the grocery channel and that we drive sales and volume through that. Because that's something that we are very, very sensitive to. But again, I don't want to put too much emphasis on what represents a smaller percentage of our sales as we look at those. But we certainly look at it and monitor it and take actions to correct it when we see downturns.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Robert Moskow of Credit Suisse group.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: I was concerned heading into the quarter also because of the Nielsen data because it showed a sequential deceleration in measure channels. And I was wondering the U.S. consumer business turned out better than I thought. Can you give us a sense of how much of that might have been from new products that you shipped to the trade and may be just hasn't been picked up yet by Nielsen?
Alan Wilson: It's hard for me to say what's in that Nielsen database. We're in our (light house) and we have a custom database that captures the McCormick branded products which include Lawry's Old Bay, Lawry's and Zatarain's and all those sorts of things. So it's hard for me to calibrate what we're seeing in Nielsen. I think directionally, what you saw was correct in those channels but it missed so much of the rest of the product mix and customer mix that it's indicative of a trend. But it's not necessarily indicative of what's happening.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Okay. So zero then, Alan, from new product shipments. Just filling up pipeline, you think it all would have been captured by retain by now?
Gordon Stetz: Our Recipe Inspirations for instance should be scanning by now because we started shipping.
Alan Wilson: Yes, Recipe Inspirations are scanning, but what I don't know is that on the Nielsen database.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Marketing, you maintained the guidance to have marketing up $20 million year-over-year, which is a nice increase but also you have $0.07 of upside. Often you decide to reinvest that upside into marketing to some degree. And you say that you are not happy with market share trends in some of these channels. So why not put more into marketing in the fourth quarter instead of dropping it all at the bottomline?
Alan Wilson: We are going to look at opportunities to do that. Again, we want a balanced measure of our spinning. And want to make sure that our spins are all efficient. And as you can figure now, we're two months away from the end of the year, and most of our plans are pretty well locked an loaded.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our next question is from Mitch Pinheiro with Janney Montgomery Scott.
Mitch Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott: Just so I understand in the industrial business, you have prices down in the third quarter. But with pepper and other commodity costs heading higher, should we expect higher price increases in industrial in the fourth quarter or the pass-through still continuing?
Alan Wilson: There is a bit of a lag effect with how we pass-through commodities in the industrial business, because it's based on the coverage and the positions that we have. So what we're seeing right now is the impact, at least in this quarter, the impact of diary costs that were reduced versus this time last year, and it's based on the positions that we work with our customers to take and pass-through. I think over time, as commodity costs go up you'll start to see the pricing impact of that as we pass those through.
Mitchell Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott: I guess this quarter, the margins in the industrial segment reached 9%, and in light of your long term goal, I guess back in May you throw up a 9% to 10% sort of target for 2013. But I know quarterly, there's some variance per quarter, but you're almost at that low end of your target range. So does this mean that perhaps the long term goal could be on the low side, or are there other structural factors that I don't see or we should consider?
Gordon Stetz: Well, there are still some things to think about there, because as commodities go up, and we pass those through, we'll recover the dollars, but we won't necessarily recover the margin. That's kind of the impact we saw in 2008 and 2009. Part of the margin increase we're seeing now is we're passing through lower costs, but we're also not passing margin down. So we're seeing a little bit of help in margin in that. I would say that we're happy with the progress on margin so far in our industrial business. And we certainly feel good about the fact that we've got momentum that will continue to build as we improve the mix of that business and focus on more and more value-added products and as we continue to manage our costs. So I'd say, we're not setting a new goal out there, but we're real happy with where we're at.
Mitchell Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott: Obviously, your new product activity with your large industrial customers helped your margin mix, especially in the early years. Is there any way you could frame what you think is sort of new product activity this year versus last year from your meaningful customers? I mean, is new product activity up at a double digit rate or any way you can give us some color on that?
Joyce Brooks: Yes, this is something unusual. This is something we usually measure toward the end of the year, and we reported that Q1 in January.
Alan Wilson: I would say, as a trend, new product activity to consumer manufacturers is up versus this time last year. But if I look at it on a quarter-to-quarter basis, we had some new product introductions in quick service last year that have now lapped a year. And so there's an awful lot of moving parts in the pipeline. So I'd hate to give you a bad number based on that but just in general, our new product activity with consumer manufacturers is really strong when you see the pipeline for quick service. But so far this year, I think our quick food service was a little stronger last year.
Mitchell Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott: Okay, last question. So, just with guidance, the low end of the guidance range would suggest flattish profit growth in the fourth quarter I believe. And I'm just trying to just understand what would be the key factor that would determine where you are in the range.
Gordon Stetz: Obviously, the sales and margin mix would probably be the two biggest factors, Mitch. And this being our largest fourth quarter, this is the quarter where those two factors can be very significant.
Mitchell Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott: Should it be at the low end of your guidance range? It would just mean that sales are just softer.
Alan Wilson: Sales softer and the mix of the overall business, both in the products and in the overall portfolio is not quite as strong, and likewise, on the upper end we had stronger sales and a better mix in the whole portfolio.
Operator: Our next question is from the line Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Just a couple of questions. I guess we've been kind of dealing with this IRI, Neilsen issue for over 10 years I would say, and how it's not really relevant to the bulk of your business. But if you look over the entire business, including international, industrial, all the other products that you guys have been successful in, is it probably fair to say that IRI Neilsen measures in terms of what people look at spice and seasonings, is that probably less than 10% of your business today?
Alan Wilson: I think we kind of calculated it based on preparing this call. We think it's something around 10%. It's a little more than that but not a lot more.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Then the second question I guess has to do with, I think Ken from JP asked this. I was kind of surprised about his question on new products and kind of that he's hearing from retailers, I guess not wanting to get new products. I guess in this environment given that promotion really hasn't worked for most companies in terms of driving consumption, certainly the retailers are not happy with the deflation and the impact that it's had on their businesses and ultimately their stock, it would seem to be, maybe you're indicating this with the new product stuff, but it seems to me that if anything, they want to go the other way.
Gordon Stetz: That's more where we're seeing a lot more energy in product innovation and acceptance by retailers to get back to growth than necessarily where we were. And I'm comparing it to where it was a year ago, where there wasn't as much receptivity of new products. And now I'm seeing actually as much a pull from retailers for new products, at least in the categories where we're servicing.
Alan Wilson: And I would also think that within that effort, it's probably, they would want you to have somewhat let's say stealth kind of mix/price improvement as to what's coming on to their shelf. I mean, what's the value to them putting out new products if they are even lower priced, which again would kind of lead to deflation which is what they don't want.
Gordon Stetz: There's certainly a lot of discussion on making sure the price points are right on new products. And we're conscious of that as well. There is certainly a push. When you have something that's new to the world, the consumer doesn't necessarily have a basis of comparison. Our Recipe Inspiration is a great example of that where if you look at it on a per ounce for the spices, its fairly significant, but if you look at it on an absolute price point versus buying five or seven bottles of spice, it's a real value to the consumer. So it's a way of making sure you're delivering value, and taking the opportunity to improve margins along the way. The ringbacks are pretty good.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: And then, I don't know if you're going to be able to answer this, Alan. But obviously with Unilever buying Alberto Culver, there are some assets in there were you I'm pretty sure publicly talked about a desire to have some of those seasoning blends that they own. They got out of Lawry's and that was very accretive to you. Is it fair to say that that's another possible acquisition in addition to all the JVs you seem to be kind of putting together?
Alan Wilson: We don't really want to comment on any potential acquisitions out there at this point. Certainly, anything that's available in our space would be something that we'd be interested in having a look at.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the call back over to Ms. Brooks for closing comments.
Joyce Brooks: I would like to thank everyone for participating in today's discussion. Through our teleservice, you may access a telephone replay of today's call by dialing 877-660-6853. The account number for the replay is 309 and the ID number is 354090. You can also listen to a replay on our website later today. If anyone has additional questions regarding today's information, please give me at 410-771-7344. This concludes our call.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-06-24 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Joyce Brooks - VP, IR Gordon Stetz - EVP and CFO Paul Beard - SVP, Finance, and Treasurer Alan Wilson - Chairman, President and CEO
Analysts: Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein Alex Bisson - Northcoast Research Ken Goldman - JPMorgan Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Mitch Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott Ann Gurkin - Davenport Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the McCormick second quarter 2010 conference call. (Operator Instructions) It is now my pleasure to introduce your host Joyce Brooks, Vice President, Investor Relations, for McCormick.
Joyce Brooks: Good morning to everyone on today's call and to those joining us by webcast. The purpose of our call is to provide an update on our business, review McCormick's second quarter financial results, and share our latest 2010 outlook. We have posted a set of slides to accompany today's call at our Website, ir.mccormick.com. In the room with me are Gordon Stetz, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Paul Beard, Senior Vice President, Finance and Treasurer. Alan Wilson, Chairman, President and CEO is also on the call, but dialing in from a different location. Alan will begin with the business update, followed by Gordon who will review our financial results and outlook. After that we look forward to discussing your questions. As a reminder, our presentation today contains projections and other forward-looking statements, and actual results could differ materially from those projected. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or other factors. It is now my pleasure to turn the discussion over to Alan.
Alan Wilson: Thanks, Joyce. Good morning everyone, and thanks for joining us. We're pleased to report another quarter of strong financial performance at McCormick. Our results for the second quarter demonstrated our passion for flavor and the effectiveness of our strategy to invest in the business and to fuel our growth with improved margins. Product innovation, increased brand marketing, and distribution gains drove the top-line, and above target progress with our CCI program has gross profit margin up 110 basis points year-to-date. This level of success was accomplished in the midst of a global economy that remains challenging in a number of our markets. Although conditions remain difficult, based on these results and our latest outlook, we're well positioned heading into the second half. This morning, I would like to begin with an update on the business environment, and progress with our growth initiatives. After that I'll comment briefly on this week's announcement of a new share repurchase program. Across our primary markets in locations around the world, we see varying degrees of economic recovery. From our perspective, consumers in the Americas remain cautious but seem more willing to explore new flavors. Increased retail purchases of our new products, our more exotic gourmet spices, and our authentic ethnic brands suggest that there's a willingness to branch out and to experiment with more distinctive flavors. We believe other food manufacturers are seeing this too based on the product innovation activity in our industrial business. While parts of the food service channel continue to be a bit weak, we saw some increased demand from food service distributors. In addition, some of our industrial customers in the Americas are once again focusing on the strongest part of our value proposition, quality and reliability, which has won us an increased share of their business. In Europe, the Middle East and Africa, EMEA, our two primary markets are the U.K. and France. These economies are still in recovery from the economic downturn, and private label pressure remains a factor, although the growth of private label moderated slightly in the latest period. The U.K. and France will be the focus of our media in the second half as we step up our marketing behind differentiated products such as the flavorful range for Schwartz in the U.K. Beyond these two markets, our business has been affected by the severe declines in several countries where we have smaller businesses, in particular Spain and Portugal, and the currency situation for Europe is expected to turn unfavorable for us in the second half. In away-from-home eating, quick service restaurants in Europe have maintained traffic with their value pricing and promotions, which has led to good growth opportunities for McCormick. Turning to our third geographic region, Asia-Pacific, we also operate in some very distinct markets. China and Southeast Asia offer abundant opportunities for growth in grocery and food service channels and with global packaged foods companies, calling for a rapid expansion in new products, new distribution channels and consumer marketing. Australia has a concentrated retail market, and our focus there remains on categories where we have a strong lead like Aeroplane Jelly and seasoning brands. Given these varying markets and economies, and the changes in consumer behavior and retailer actions, our management team has operated with a great deal of energy and agility which has enabled excellent progress with our growth initiatives. Through the first half of 2010, we have increased marketing support by 22% to invest in the growth of our leading brands. In the second quarter, much of this increase has been in the United States to build consumer awareness and trial for our new Recipe Inspirations and Perfect Pinch products and set the stage for their future growth. We gained excellent retailer acceptance and placement for these products in the first quarter, and followed that with media advertising in the second quarter. Scanner data for May showed that all six varieties of recipe inspirations ranked in the top 40% of McCormick blends, with Rosemary Roasted Chicken ranking in the top 50 items for the total spice and seasoning category. That means that it turned at a rate comparable to our Grill Mates seasoning blends, and did so during Grill Mates' peak selling period. Other marketing and new product activity in the quarter feature Grill Mates, Simply Asia, Flavorful in the U.K., Sauces in China, and Rice Cookers in Australia. Gordon will have more to share on these in his remarks. Let me comment next on our progress towards improving the margins of our industrial business. Industrial business operating income margin for fiscal year 2009 was 6.7%, and if you recall included costs related to the 2009 bankruptcy of our primary food service distributor in the U.K. which were recorded in the second quarter. Year-to-date in 2010, operating income margin for this part of our business was 7.7%. As you can see from the graph on slide 8, we are definitely moving in the right direction, with the improvement driven by both CCI-led cost savings and a more favorable product and customer mix. For example, employees at our condiment plant in the United Kingdom have made great strides toward increasing the efficiency of that operation. Operating at a lower cost is enabling us to both improve margins and compete more effectively. We're making good progress toward our goal of 9% to 10% operating income margin for our industrial business by 2013. I mentioned CCI, our comprehensive, continuous improvement program as a factor behind these results. Employees are increasing productivity not only in the U.K. but across all of our operations. Many of our manufacturing facilities have high performance work systems in place as we discussed in our 2010 investor conference, engaging employees at all levels in the CCI program. With CCI, we are also lowering cost by buying more effectively, applying tools and technology, and streamlining processes. On Tuesday, we announced that the Board authorized a $400 million share repurchase program. At quarter end $33 million remained on the prior authorization. Along with our increased dividends, we view share repurchases as an important element of our return to shareholders. Between dividends and share repurchases we have returned more than $1 billion of cash to our shareholders in the past five years. Since the acquisition of Lawry's we've made steady progress toward reducing our debt levels and in the fourth quarter expect to increase the pace of our repurchase activity. By the end of fiscal year 2010, we expect to have spent between $50 million to $100 million on share repurchases. As we've stated in the past, over time, we expect our program to reduce shares outstanding by about 2% annually in the absence of significant acquisition activity. Priorities for cash continue to be our dividend payment and the acquisition of strong brands. In the absence of acquisition activity, we will use a portion of cash to repurchase shares. Let me summarize. As we head into the second half, the economic environment remains uncertain, and we will continue to face challenges. At McCormick, we have become increasingly adept at working through these challenges, while gaining good traction with our growth initiatives and CCI program. I'll conclude my remarks with a sincere thanks to McCormick employees around the world for their commitment and talent, their agility in managing this business, and their ability to achieve great results. Gordon, let me turn it over to you at this point, and I'll come back into the conversation for Q&A.
Gordon Stetz: Thanks, Alan, and good morning everyone. Let me provide some additional details behind our second quarter financial results, and begin with a look at our consumer business and top-line growth on slide 11. In the Americas region, sales rose 4%, and in local currency the increase was 2%, due to favorable volume and product mix. An important part of the second quarter sales increase came from Recipe Inspirations and Perfect Pinch. And for a number of other products, the positive results we reported in the first quarter extended into the second quarter. For example, in the U.S. we had another quarter of increased sales of our spices and herbs, which outpaced the sales growth rate of the private label items we supply. In addition, we achieved double digit increases for Grill Mates, gourmet items and Simply Asia products. Also in the Americas, we had excellent growth during this period in Canada, with promotions behind grilling products and new distribution gains for Billy Bee Honey. Consumer sales in EMEA were flat to the year-ago quarter, and down 3% in local currency. Currency through the second quarter still had a positive impact. Sales this quarter were impacted by a significant decrease in several European markets struggling with severe economic declines. In these markets, we are seeing not only weak consumer demand, but retailers pulling back on inventory levels. Our largest consumer markets in this region, France and the U.K. have fared better. We achieved volume growth through the first half, and while private label continues to outpace the growth of brands, the rate of increase has moderated in the latest period. Given this backdrop and recent trends, we remain cautious in the third and fourth quarter outlook for our consumer business in EMEA. In the Asia-Pacific region, second quarter sales increased 22%, with strong growth in local currency of 7%. We grew volume and product mix in this market by 11%, led by excellent results in China. In this country, we continue to gain distribution, including product placement in frequently shopped street markets. In addition, we have launched several new products, including Thai chili sauce, which plays to our strength in the bottled sauce category at retail, and it's supported by a full media campaign. And we have added new flavors of ice-cream toppings to expand our number one position in this category. Operating income for our consumer business was $68 million. Excluding restructuring charges recorded in the second quarter of 2009, operating income was down $3 million. This was due largely to the additional $7 million investment in marketing spend in the second quarter of 2010, which was directed toward building consumer awareness and trial of our new products. Income was favorably impacted during the quarter by higher sales and cost savings from CCI. Turning to our industrial business on slide 13, we delivered $29 million of operating income. In comparison to the second quarter of 2009, we drove profit with higher sales and the productivity improvements that Alan discussed. This result also included $1 million of incremental marketing behind our food service brands. Let's take a look at the sales performance for this part of our business on slide 14. Industrial sales in the Americas rose 2%, and in local currency were down 1%. In response to lower commodity cost, primarily dairy ingredients, we passed through lower pricing for certain products during this period. We grew volume and product mix 2% with the introduction of new flavors sold to food manufacturers in the U.S. and in Mexico. We were also encouraged by the improvement in sales to food service distributors, as we roll out the new packaging phase of our McCormick for Chef's program. Looking ahead, we are encouraged by our pipeline of new products for both food manufacturers and food service customers in the Americas. In EMEA, industrial sales rose 22%, and in local currency increased an impressive 12%. We grew sales to quick service restaurants in this region, which continued to have good traffic and promotions that emphasize items we flavor. As in the Americas, we have a number of items such as sauces and other condiments in the pipeline. In the second quarter of 2010, sales also benefited from the recovery in branded food service products in the U.K. when compared to a period of disruption in the second quarter of 2009. Industrial sales rose 24% in the Asia-Pacific region with a 13% increase in local currency, led by growth in China. In this market, sales to quick service restaurants were quite strong and included new product wins for chicken wing marinades, beverage flavors and other items. Our industrial team there has been extremely successful, with more than 50 items scheduled for launch this year. Across both segments, sales rose 5%, and in local currency the increase was 2%. A 3% increase in volume and product mix was offset by reduced pricing, which primarily related to the pass-through of lower cost to industrial customers. Operating income for the total business was up 9%, excluding the impact of restructuring charges in the second quarter of 2009, as shown on slide 16. Gross profit margin improvement was significant at 100 basis points for the quarter. This was ahead of our 50 basis point projection for the year, and an indication of the effectiveness of our CCI program and move toward a more favorable mix of products and customers. SG&A as a percent of sales rose 60 basis points. A large part of the increase related to $8 million of incremental marketing support along with the higher cost of benefits in fuel. SG&A in the second quarter of 2009 included $7 million in costs related to the bankruptcy of our U.K. distributor. The tax rate in the second quarter of 2010 was 30.2%, comprised of a 33% underlying rate net of discrete tax benefits. For the second half of 2010, we expect the tax rate to remain at 33%, which is an increase from our initial guidance of 32%. Income from unconsolidated operations increased significantly as a result of our McCormick to Mexico joint venture, which had a large benefit from favorable soybean oil cost and foreign currency exchange rates through the first half. For the second quarter, sales from unconsolidated operations were up 11%. While we expect continued growth of these businesses in the second half, our projections do not include additional large variances from favorable input costs and currency. Second quarter earnings per share were $0.49 compared to $0.38 in the prior year. On a comparable basis, excluding $0.04 of restructuring charges recorded in the second quarter of 2009, EPS rose 17%. This is an increase of $0.07, which included higher operating income, as well as $0.02 each from favorable tax rate and income from unconsolidated operations, offset in part by higher shares outstanding. I'll comment briefly on cash flow. For the first half of 2010, cash flow from operations was $65 million compared to $97 million in the first half of 2009. While higher net income added $26 million to 2010, cash flow in the first half of 2009 included the benefit of a significant improvement in receivables. McCormick profit continues to bring focus to working capital, and business leaders are rewarded not only for strong operating income, but also for their management of working capital. This has continued in 2010, as we work toward our 2012 goal to reduce the cash conversion cycle by another 10 days. Let me wrap up with our latest outlook for 2010, as outlined on slide 21. While earnings per share exceeded our expectations for the first half, we remain cautious as we move into the second half, given the perspective on the global economy that Alan provided. We will continue to incur higher benefit costs primarily due to pension expense. In addition, our tax rate is expected to be at a higher level. And as I stated earlier, the steep increases in income from unconsolidated operations are expected to moderate. We are also seeing costs for some of our raw and packaging materials starting to rise. And as further headwind, we expect currency exchange rates to have an unfavorable impact. So for the full year, we are maintaining our earnings per share range of $2.49 to $2.54, but now expect to be at the upper end of this range. We are also reaffirming 2% to 4% sales growth in local currency, but now project a 1% favorable impact from foreign currency exchange rates based on prevailing rates. This assumes an unfavorable sales impact of 2% in the second half. As for gross profit margin improvement, based on an excellent year-to-date result and current outlook, we expect to exceed 50 basis points and are on track to exceed $40 million in CCI-led cost savings. Both of these are increases from our initial projection. As for incremental marketing expense, we still expect $20 million for the year, most of which occurred in the first half. Let me summarize by stating that we are pleased with our business performance and financial results through the first half, and confident that 2010 will be a record year for McCormick.
Alan Wilson: Gordon, before we ask the operator to put through the first question, let me start by addressing recent questions from investors regarding pressure by U.S. retailers to reduce branded SKUs. In the U.S. market, we've not only maintained shelf space, but across all outlets have grown our share. Since 2008, we've expanded distribution of our brands in alternative channels such as dollar stores. For the past 18 months, there's been a great deal of speculation concerning various spice category solutions at Wal-Mart. I'd like to share with you that later this summer, the core spice and herb section of Wal-Mart super centers will be merchandised in a consistent manner across the United States with an assortment consisting primarily of McCormick branded products and a limited number of great value private brand items. Wal-Mart has also agreed to carry our new Recipe Inspiration items in most of their stores nationally. We're very pleased with the opportunity to demonstrate the strength of our brands with their valued customers. Operator, let's open up the line for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Alexia Howard with Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein: I want to talk about the marketing spending outlook in the second half of the year. You've obviously seen quite a big step up in the first half. Are you anticipating that that kind of pace is going to continue in the second half?
Alan Wilson: No, we expect it to moderate a bit. It's still going to be more than it was last year, but it won't be nearly at the rate at which we have spent in the first half. A lot of our first half spending has been behind introduction of new products, and we'll get some more of a normal level of advertising. Remember, we've had increased step-ups in the last couple of years, in the fourth quarter, and we'll continue to increase it, but not as much as we have the first half of the year.
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein: Are you anticipating a continued step up in promotional activity? We're hearing a lot of the retailers are asking for incremental promotional spending at this point. Do you anticipate that stepping up in the second half?
Alan Wilson: I don't see so much of a step up, because as you recall, we added a lot of high value promotions over the past year. So I wouldn't say it's going to decrease, but I wouldn't expect to see that kind of increase as we had in the back half of the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alex Bisson with Northcoast Research.
Alex Bisson - Northcoast Research: Just quickly on the marketing spend; I guess I was looking for just a little bit bigger increase in the quarter just ended. So am I right to think that the marketing spend came in a bit below plan?
Alan Wilson: No, it was pretty well on plan. We're spending about what we said. Gordon, you want to add any perspective on that?
Gordon Stetz: Absolutely, it's pacing the way we had anticipated. The big events that we were supporting this quarter, we supported, and that was largely behind the Recipe Inspirations and Perfect Pinch. So, there was really no change to our original thinking on that.
Alex Bisson - Northcoast Research: When you look at the step up in marketing spend for the second half, you noted a lot of it will be in Europe. Will that be focused on markets that are performing better from kind of a global macro standpoint or will it go into the markets that have been more adversely impacted?
Alan Wilson: It will be primarily in the U.K. and France, which is our largest markets and the markets that are performing the best. And the reason for that is that's where we get our best returns. We are considering what we need to do in some of the weaker markets, but we believe we will get our best returns investing behind our biggest businesses.
Alex Bisson - Northcoast Research: And then just one final one on the new product introductions. It looks like the trial in consumer awareness has been outstanding. But I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about the repeat usage or the repeat purchase you're seeing within the two big, kind of platforms, Recipe Inspirations and Perfect Pinch?
Alan Wilson: Well, still hard to get an early read, but based on the turn rates that we're seeing, we're very, very pleased especially with Recipe Inspirations. Perfect Pinch is also doing very well, but the purchase cycle is a little longer so it's harder to read that. Recipe Inspirations are, use it once and replace it. So it's still a pretty early read, but one that we're very encouraged with, and pretty similar to what we saw in the test markets. So we think we've got a very good product here.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Goldman with JPMorgan.
Ken Goldman - JPMorgan: Just wanted to make sure I understood the Wal-Mart statement you made, Alan. Are you suggesting that the tests are over and that they're going with Wal-Mart? What's really different there besides what was previously, where you were still selling a lot of Wal-Mart and maybe some private label to them too?
Alan Wilson: What it really means is that, effectively, the great value test is over. And Wal-Mart has made the decision to merchandise in those test stores pretty much the way they have merchandised around the rest of the country. So, that's the outcome of that. It's hopefully lists some of the concerns that have been out there for the last 18 months or so.
Ken Goldman - JPMorgan: Is there any read to that besides, that it's just good news overall where they decided to go with McCormick branded solutions as most of their shelves set there?
Alan Wilson: We are taking it as great news.
Ken Goldman - JPMorgan: Ok. And then can you address the industrial business, really great sales growth there in some regions. But it's always a lumpy business as you guys have suggested in the past, how should we think about the sustainability of some the growth via QSR there in some of regions?
Alan Wilson: Well I think, what we're seeing and recall, we had pretty strong sales comparisons to last year as we were supporting the launch of some significant new products in the US. So, we are pretty pleased with what we've seen from the sales growth perspective. We do expect it to continue in the foreseeable future. We've got good momentum in Europe. The Americans has good momentum behind the products that we are selling and the customers are supporting the products that we are selling. And we're seeing continued distribution expansion and new product wins in Asia. So we believe that at least the current outlook as we see it, barring some major economic changes that sends people back out of restaurants that we're feeling pretty good about the food service part of our industrial business.
Operator: Next we have Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow : I just wanted to ask another follow up on the Wal-Mart. Are they testing also a merchandising set where there is kind of like a low priced branded product as well? I remember doing a store check, right around your headquarters there, where I saw some brands that were kind of maybe second and third tier. Is there another test still going on?
 Credit Suisse: I just wanted to ask another follow up on the Wal-Mart. Are they testing also a merchandising set where there is kind of like a low priced branded product as well? I remember doing a store check, right around your headquarters there, where I saw some brands that were kind of maybe second and third tier. Is there another test still going on?
Alan Wilson: Yes. That's not so much the test, what they've done is merchandise. And they will continue to have in different parts of the store some regional brands; its less of a test, for instance in high Hispanic areas there is some Hispanic focused brands. And I think you saw some of those. So they will continue to have those in distribution, but the predominant course by set will be McCormick and some great value private brand.
Robert Moskow : Okay. And then also a follow up on operating profit for the quarter. When I look at it, I guess quantitatively its up about $8 million year-over-year when you adjust for the restructuring charges. But then you've also said that there were some incremental charges in the U.K. last year about $7 million. So, is operating profit roughly maybe up $1 million year-over-year if you normalize for that?
 Credit Suisse: Okay. And then also a follow up on operating profit for the quarter. When I look at it, I guess quantitatively its up about $8 million year-over-year when you adjust for the restructuring charges. But then you've also said that there were some incremental charges in the U.K. last year about $7 million. So, is operating profit roughly maybe up $1 million year-over-year if you normalize for that?
Gordon Stetz: You are isolating one event; I mean there's a number of factors in there. So, obviously we spent up in the quarter as well, $8 million which was not in the prior year. And also we had the impact of the higher pension costs. And as we described, that's on an annual basis about $14 million impact and that goes through each quarter on pretty much a pro rata basis. So, if you do the math the way you described that you are accurate, but I'd be cautious that there are a number of things that we've spent up against for the purpose of driving our business.
Robert Moskow : Okay thanks. And just lastly, but I guess the good news is that the back half of the year does imply more growth despite the currency headwind and despite higher benefit expense. I am getting roughly 4% operating income growth, something along those lines. Do you think that's about fair?
 Credit Suisse: Okay thanks. And just lastly, but I guess the good news is that the back half of the year does imply more growth despite the currency headwind and despite higher benefit expense. I am getting roughly 4% operating income growth, something along those lines. Do you think that's about fair?
Alan Wilson: Yes, that math is correct if you are guiding towards, as we've said we are guiding towards the upper end of the range and that's the way it would work out.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: I have got a couple of questions. I guess in the 15 years that I've been following you, I don't ever remember you mentioning Spain or Portugal. So I understand what's going on in those markets, but did the business basically just collapse? I mean it can't be that big to begin with?
Alan Wilson: It's not that big, but what it did is offset some growth that we had in the U.K. and France. It was a big enough decline that we thought we'd call it out. Gordon, do you want to add anything to that?
Gordon Stetz: Absolutely, I mean, what we wanted to make sure, is people understood that the large core markets are still hanging in there and there are markets surrounding those core markets that have had some difficulties.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: That's what the financial markets are telling us, but I was just surprised that you kind of called it out as an issue for the consolidated segment results. But, okay. Then just a more specific issue I noticed on the balance sheet and may be this occurred earlier, but I just didn't pick up on it, Gordon. The intangibles were down by a fair amount year-over-year, did you have some kind of revaluing of the intangibles? Because I don't remember you taking a charge or anything on that?
Gordon Stetz: No, that's a function of the currency rates. And as you know, at a point in time at the end of the quarter, you strike your currency rate and then the year-to-year fluctuations in currency flow-through accumulated other comprehensive income. So the fact that the euro, which is one of the larger items on that which is the Ducros acquisition back in 2000, the fact that the euro started to decrease was reading through both the intangible and then other comprehensive income.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Congratulations on the Wal-Mart decision. It's nice to see that brands are still of value. But you talked a little bit at the Analyst Day about Sam's Club, Alan. Is there any update as to how that test is going and when we might expect a decision from that Club store?
Alan Wilson: No update that we can really talk about. We're very pleased with what we're seeing and we think consumers are really pleased to have a great brand available in the store.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mitch Pinheiro with Janney Montgomery Scott.
Mitch Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott: On the industrial business and the passthroughs you're seeing, which are the raw material and input costs that you're passing to the favorable pricing on?
Alan Wilson: It's the large commodities that we tend to work with customers on the ups and downs. The biggest impacts currently are dairy products. And as we take positions on things like cheese with our customers, if they go up we pass it through, if it goes down we pass it through. And we do the same thing on soybean oil, flower or the other large items that are impacted like that.
Mitch Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott: So in this particular quarter, it was primarily dairy products?
Alan Wilson: Yes.
Mitch Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott: And how about some of the hard-to-track spices, vanilla, pepper, how are the pricing outlook on those items?
Alan Wilson: Well, we're seeing increased upward pressure on specifically pepper and garlic. Garlic is up I think about 50% over the last 16, 18 months. Pepper has climbed in the last several months. So there has been some upward pressure in those. So we look at what we're doing there and what we think the outlook is as we make our pricing decisions. Those would necessarily be passed through automatically. We make a more rational decision on those; although for customers that are buying in bulk, they're buying based on whatever the price is on the day that we quoted. So it's not necessarily contract pricing for those either. But in our consumer business, as you know, we take pricing more strategically than tactically. So we are seeing some upward pressure in a number of the input costs.
Mitch Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott: So when you talk in terms of incremental promotional spending, you don't see any increased step-up in the second half I think is what you said.
Alan Wilson: We're still going to have fairly high levels of promotional activity as we did last year.
Mitch Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott: So when we look at pricing as part of your second half sales input, is pricing expected to be flat or how would you characterize that?
Alan Wilson: Gordon, you may want to help me on this. Our current assumption on pricing is relatively flat, although there'll still be some downward pressure in the industrial business as we pass things through based on our current guidance.
Gordon Stetz: Yes, absolutely right.
Mitch Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott: And just the last question on the non-consolidated operations. You had a terrific growth obviously in the first half there. Is the second half still anticipated to be up, but less up? Is that what I understood?
Alan Wilson: Yes, that's correct, Mitch. As you recall from last year, we started to see good improvement in that business towards the second half of the year. So the comparison is starting to be more difficult. So we're anticipating growth, but certainly not on the magnitude that we saw in the first six months.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ann Gurkin with Davenport.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport: Just wonder if I can get a little more detail on where you see pressure on raw material and packaging costs.
Alan Wilson: If I had to highlight anything that's creating pressure right now, packaging costs are under some amount of pressure. But the larger impacts to us are pepper and garlic. And in the past, as you know, as we've managed these, sometimes we've found it necessary to take price increases on specific commodity items when they start to climb. And I'm not announcing anything like that today, but we have shown that we have the ability to do that as we need to. But it's not the first lever we try to pull.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport: You also talked about new customer wins. Can you give any more detail as to what area or any other update on that comment?
Alan Wilson: As you know, we've talked about expanding the sales of branded products and specifically the dollar channel and showing the good results that they get when they do that and replace that with a controlled economy label. And that's a lot of what we were talking about there.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Dickerson with Consumer Edge Research.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research: I was curious the strategy in the past has been to hold pricing and if we kind of look in the back half for the year, if you're seeing some pressure on the commodity side. And you have picked up some volume share at least in the last quarterly period. I was just curious if there would be some pricing coming through, how are you thinking about that with just respect to volume share and competition with private label, just in the spice category?
Alan Wilson: Well, that's something we always have to weigh between recovering input costs and the impact on volume. So it is something that we do a lot of work on and run out of elasticity to determine at what point do we need to pass pricing through and how do we do it, because we've got a choice of taking pricing on specific items which we can do a little more straightforward and quicker than we can do a general price increase. And at this point, we're not prepared to talk about any strategy behind it, but that's how we tend to think about it. We definitely want to make sure that we stay competitive and aren't necessarily surrendering share to private label.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research: And then just a quick follow-up. If that's the case, would it be fair to say that at least for the time being kind of current strategy would be that hopefully not lower prices more, but rather increase the marketing such that you can hold pricing and I guess the perception of the overall brand relative to private label?
Alan Wilson: Yes. But remember also, if for instance we have to raise prices on things like pepper, private label prices will also need to be increased as well. So we run that balance all the time.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research: And last just on growth CapEx. I'm still somewhat new to the sector, but I'm just curious, in the past if you've ever kind of broken out maintenance CapEx relative to growth and kind of how you see that growth proceeding throughout the rest of the year?
Gordon Stetz: Historically we haven't broken it out in that fashion. But I can tell you broadly, when we manage CapEx, we manage for a return in excess of our cost of capital and we look at the total portfolio. So we make sure that the growth component in that portfolio can more than offset the no-return component of, say, roof replacements and things like that. So we manage it on a total portfolio basis to make sure that total spend is delivering nicely above our cost of capital.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Lazar with Barclays Capital.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: Alan, we've heard a couple of food companies talk about when they spend on promotions these days, they are not getting quite as much lift as they've kind of historically seen, just given the environment that's out there. And I am just curious if that's something you've experienced or have some thoughts on?
Alan Wilson: Absolutely, and we've really talked about this before. We are spending, as we are doing value promotions, we know those are some of the lowest ROI spends that we have. And we are trying to make them as good as possible, but we felt in the tough economy that it was important that we do that. And we're continually evaluating what the right level of spend are and what the right periods to spend them to get the most impact are. But I think I would agree with what the other companies are saying; we are seeing a lower impact from some of the value promotions. We are seeing a pretty good impact still from our more consumer driven recipe strategies and health and wellness advertising that are really helping. But I would agree with what the other companies were saying.
Andrew Lazar : And one last follow up from me on the Wal-Mart piece. I know there are some that might have believed that if the situation worked out in your favor, which it seems to have to done, and that's a good thing, that it would come with some change in the economics to McCormick, right, of dealing with that customer or that channel or what have you in order to keep the shelf sort of the way it is. And so I was just curious if you had some thoughts around that and if there had been real change in the way your economics to a given channel or customer to keep the shelf space the way you wanted it to be?
 Barclays Capital: And one last follow up from me on the Wal-Mart piece. I know there are some that might have believed that if the situation worked out in your favor, which it seems to have to done, and that's a good thing, that it would come with some change in the economics to McCormick, right, of dealing with that customer or that channel or what have you in order to keep the shelf sort of the way it is. And so I was just curious if you had some thoughts around that and if there had been real change in the way your economics to a given channel or customer to keep the shelf space the way you wanted it to be?
Alan Wilson: Yes, as you know, we are not going to talk specifically about what we are doing with specific customers. But I will say we are just happy with how things have worked out and we believe it's going to be a positive for both McCormick and for the customer.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Thanks for taking the follow up. I guess I also noticed within the release that it seems as if Asia, both on consumer and the industrial side, has really picked up, particularly in China. I know you went through some pretty significant SKU cuts there a year or two ago. Maybe you can just talk a little bit more about kind of why that market seems to be reinvigorated at the moment?
Alan Wilson: Industrial first, which is the bigger part of the business in China; last year was  were seeing some of the same things we were, where the QSRs were not doing the new items and weren't promoting as heavily as they had in the past. And there were some real declines in their sales. We've seen that pick back up, and we've seen the innovation activity pick back up. On the consumer side, we've continued to upgrade the talent in our organization and we believe we're hitting on the things that consumers are looking to buy. We're investing and continuing to expand our presence in our major cities, as well as expand in new products and in some distribution. So we believe that is a region, and specifically China is a country that we should be growing, and we should be growing consistently. And we think the formula is working for us right now.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: And then, just one last one. I guess Alan because McCormick has in many ways a broad view of the consumer with the private label that you do along with the gourmet items, and then on the industrial side, everything from flavoring to basic kind of food service ingredient stuff, it just seems that again, maybe following up on Andrew's kind of broad view of things that we're just getting so many different signals out of the economy. And is that your sense as to kind of what's happening out there? That like on the one hand you may have a consumer that's willing to trade-up, but the others are still being very cautious. And maybe the same thing could be said, like countries between U.K. and France doing okay, versus Spain and Portugal collapsing or what have you?
Alan Wilson: Yes, I think there is still a bit of cautious optimism that we see, both with consumers and with customers. Some of the consumers are climbing back out of the bunker and they're trying new flavors and are experimenting a little more. But we still have an issue where jobs haven't necessarily recovered. I would say it's still fragile. And so I think it is a bit of a mixed signal around the world. And I would say that in most of the developed economies that there is a base of consumers where they really feel that the worst may be over. But then there's still a bit of fragility to that, and respond and react to any little bit of nervousness and bad news. So it's kind of a hard read right now.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, there are no further questions at this time. I will now turn the conference back over to Ms. Brooks for closing remarks.
Joyce Brooks: Thank you for participating in today's discussion. Through July 8, you may access the telephone replay of the call by dialing 877-660-6853. The account number for the replay is 309, and the ID number is 350421. You can also listen to a replay on our website later today. If anyone has additional questions regarding today's information, please give me a call at 410-771-7244. This concludes our call.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-03-25 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Joyce Brooks - Vice President, Investor Relations Alan Wilson  Chairman, President and CEO Gordon Stetz - Executive Vice President and CFO Paul Beard - Senior Vice President Finance and Treasurer
Analysts: Robert Moskow  Credit Suisse Alexia Howard  Sanford Bernstein Ann Gurkin  Davenport Alex Bison  Northcoast Research Chris Growe  Stifel Nicolaus Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank Mitch Pinheiro  Janney, Montgomery, Scott Andrew Lazar  Barclays
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Welcome to the McCormick First Quarter Financial Results Conference Call. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Joyce Brooks, Vice President Investor Relations for McCormick.
Joyce Brooks: Good morning to everyone on todays call and to those joining us by webcast. The purpose of our call is to review McCormicks first quarter financial results and latest 2010 outlook. We have posted a set of slides to accompany todays call at our website IR.McCormick.com. With me are Alan Wilson, Chairman, President and CEO, Gordon Stetz, Executive Vice President and CFO and Paul Beard, Senior Vice President Finance and Treasurer. Following our remarks we look forward to discussing your questions. As a reminder, our presentation today contains projections and other forward looking statements and actual results could differ materially from those projected. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or other factors. It is now my pleasure to turn the discussion over to Alan.
Alan Wilson: Were pleased to report strong financial performance for McCormicks first quarter of 2010. Our results included 6% sales growth, gross profit margin up 100 basis points, and a 16% increase in earnings per share. Gordon will be reviewing some of the details with your shortly. Id like to start off the discussion by sharing with you some important business highlights. One of our key objectives for 2010 is to increase our brand marketing support, to connect with consumers at a time when they are preparing more meals at home, and looking for great taste, convenience, and a good value.  We set a goal to spend an incremental $20 million on marketing programs with a large portion of this to occur in the first half of 2010. For the first quarter we increased promotion and advertising by $8 million, this is 28% more than we spent in the prior year period. In the US we boosted our holiday programs with television ads and our first ever holiday flavor forecast. Incremental advertising also featured Zatarains reduced sodium products and the high antioxidant levels of our super spices. We drove great first quarter results in our consumer business with these campaigns. As you can see on slide six, for our US consumer business, unit volume of herbs and spices were up 7%, extracts up 23%, and we achieved 10% increases for both our McCormick brand dry seasoning mixes and our Zatarains line. In this same market, our sales of private label and economy brands declined. Internationally, support for our Patisserie Vahine range of premium quality home made dessert mixes led to a solid sales growth in France. We grew sales for a broad array of Schwartz brand products in the UK and our McCormick brand sales in China were up double digit with an increase in marketing support as well as our ongoing distribution expansion efforts. Turning to product innovation for the consumer business, our sales force has made strong progress in transitioning our range of bottle blends to the Perfect Pinch line. Perfect Pinch makes it easy for consumers to explore new flavors and create inspired meals. In addition, weve had enthusiastic retailer acceptance of our Recipe Inspirations items with commitments from two thirds of our retail accounts. Recipe Inspirations feature pre-measured spices and a collectible recipe card that make it easy to create flavorful meals at home. For each of these new lines were geared for a dedicated marketing campaign set to launch in the next few weeks. While Im going to let Gordon provide the financial details, I want to make some general remarks about our industrial business as outline on slide eight. We were pleased to win some new business that included flavor sold to food manufacturers in both the United States and Mexico. We also grew sales with a number of existing items and customers.  For example, we increased our sales to quick service restaurants in both Europe and Asia. However, we continue to face some challenges in the current environment. Demand from quick service restaurants is down in the US and we had reductions in sales of bulk honey in Canada and bulk spices in Asia. In addition, we still have some sales weakness in the UK food service channel following the 2009 bankruptcy of our primary distributor. That was a long list of pluses and minuses for our industrial business but the net result was that we moved the sales mix toward more value added, higher margin products and the net result from the profit line was a big plus. This positive mix of sales along with CCI led productivity improvements delivered an outstanding 34% increase in operating income for our industrial business. Our teams are doing a great job navigating the current environment and driving profitability. I mentioned CCI, our comprehensive continuous improvement program, as a factor behind these results. There was good progress across all of our operations early in the year and weve now identified projects that account for nearly all of the $35 to $40 million that we set out to deliver. We are confident that this is an achievable goal for 2010. One more highlight from the current quarter before I turn it over to Gordon is that of our joint venture in Mexico. Driven by results of McCormick de Mexico, our income from unconsolidated income nearly doubled from the year ago period. As indicated in our January call we expected a significant increase led by our joint venture in Mexico.  If you recall, back in the first quarter 2009 this business was affected by an unfavorable position with soybean oil and an unfavorable currency rate. About midway through 2009 we had worked through this inventory position and currency rates stabilized. These improvements continued into the first quarter 2010 and led to a significant increase in income.  While this swing in material costs and currency are noteworthy, I would be remiss if I didnt highlight the impressive sales increase from our McCormick de Mexico joint venture. Using the McCormick brand name, McCormick de Mexicos products include spices and seasonings, teas, marmalade, and mustard, but the leading product line is mayonnaise. Mayonnaise is a growing category in Mexico and our business is stimulating this growth with product and packaging innovation and with advertising. With a 350 basis point increase in market share the past 12 month these efforts are clearly having a positive impact on retailers and consumers.  Well hold additional topics for our investor conference here in Baltimore which is just a few weeks away. A number of you have already registered for this event and you can check with Joyce if you have not yet registered and would like to do so. At this conference we look forward to discussing our progress with key growth initiatives and our longer term outlook for McCormick. Those attending will have a chance to hear from and meet the key members of our leadership team.  Ill conclude my remarks with a heartfelt thanks for McCormick employees around the world for their commitment, their talent, and their energy. Theyre driving great results and have us off to a strong start in 2010. Now Id like to turn it over to Gordon.
Gordon Stetz: Id like to go through some of the details behind our strong first quarter financial results. Lets start with a look at our consumer business. As Alan indicated, we increased our brand marketing support in the first quarter which for this part of our business was up 31% to $32 million, an $8 million increase. Even with this higher spending, operating income for this business grew 8% with higher sales and cost savings from our comprehensive continuous improvement program, CCI. In the Americas region sales rose 5% and in local currency grew 3%. Our investment in brand marketing support is paying off in top line growth with increases in holiday spices and extracts, dry seasoning mixes, and Zatarains products. We were extremely pleased with this response to our marketing support. Offsetting these unit increases were reductions in our US sales of private label and economy brands, and an unfavorable product mix in Canada. Our consumer sales in Europe, the Middle East and Africa (EMEA) rose 13% in the quarter with a significant benefit from currency exchange rates. We were pleased with growth of 3% in local currency with contributions from both favorable volume and product mix and pricing actions. Category increases in the UK and France remained robust and we achieved strong sales in these markets in the first quarter with incremental marketing for our Schwartz, Ducros and Vahine branded products. These increases were offset in part by the sales performance in some of the smaller markets where we do business including Belgium, Italy and the Netherlands. In the Asia/Pacific regions, sales increased 20% with growth in local currency 6%. This was driven by a double digit increase in China where we significantly increased marketing support and continued to gain distribution into new cities and retail channels. Our primary areas of focus in the industrial business in 2010 are product innovation and margin improvement. Through both, a more favorable business mix and CCI led cost savings. In the first quarter we made great strides in each of these areas while sales and local currency declined 1%, operating income rose 34% as a result of a positive shift in our sales mix and greater productivity across our operations. With the introduction of some new value added products we offset the impact of continued weakness in certain food service channels. Lets take a look at first quarter sales results for each of our three regions on slide 14. Sales in the Americas rose 1% and in local currency declined 1%. In response to lower commodity costs such as dairy items, we reduced pricing for certain products during this period. We grew volume with the introduction of new flavors solid to food manufacturers in the US and in Mexico. This was offset by the sales impact of weak demand from the restaurant industry. For both food manufacturers and food service customers, we are encouraged by a number of new products in the pipeline. In EMEA, industrial sales rose 15% and in local currency increased 1%. We had good sales growth with quick service restaurants in this region and with snack seasonings. Our sales of branded products to the UK food service customers continued to be impacted by the bankruptcy of our primary distributor that occurred in the second quarter 2009. Sales rose 11% in the Asia/Pacific region with a 1% increase in local currency. Here too, sales to quick service restaurants were quite strong with improving restaurant traffic in China. This was offset in part by a reduction in our bulk ingredient sales during the first quarter.  Across both segments, sales rose 6% and in local currency the increase was 2% largely from higher volume and product mix. With an 8% increase in operating income for our consumer business and the 34% growth in industrial products, we increased operating income for the total business 12% with operating income margin up 70 basis points. As Alan mentioned, gross profit margin improvement was significant at 100 basis points for this quarter. This was ahead of our 50 basis point projection for the year, as a result of a particularly favorable business mix during this period. I would also note that our cost of goods sold for the first quarter included $5 million of costs associated with our recall of a limited number of products that contained an ingredient supplied by basic food flavors.
Alan Wilson: Let me step in here for a few remarks. As those of you who closely follow food companies realize, this was an industry wide issue that affected a significant number of companies and products. At McCormick this ingredient is a very small component in our products and our action to recall product was done from an abundance of caution.  There has also been news about a recall of products containing contaminated pepper. This recall affected a number of companies that purchased pepper from several of our competitors. I want to point out that McCormick was not involved in any of these pepper related incidents. We pride ourselves and our commitment to producing high quality, wholesome food and have great confidence in our food safety protocols and the effectiveness of our supply chain.
Gordon Stetz: In the first quarter income from unconsolidated operations nearly doubled from the year ago period. As Alan indicated, an excellent performance by McCormick de Mexico led to this impressive increase. Keep in mind that the year on year benefit from soybean oil costs and foreign currency exchange rates will moderate as we head into the second quarter and remainder of 2010. Our 31% tax rate for the first quarter 2010 was above the tax rate in the first quarter 2009 which included a benefit from discrete tax items. We continue to expect the tax rate for 2010 to be near 32%. Earnings per share in the quarter reached $0.51 up 16% from the prior year. The $0.07 increase was comprised of $0.06 from higher operating income and $0.02 in income from unconsolidated operations. The net impact of favorable interest expense and unfavorable tax rate and higher shares outstanding, lowered EPS by $0.01. Ill comment briefly on the balance sheet and first quarter cash flow and refer you to slide 18. As is typical in the first two quarters of our year, cash flow from operations was fairly neutral. For the first quarter 2010 cash flow from operations was -$5 million compared to -$13 million in the first quarter 2009. The current year results includes an incremental $25 million in US pension contributions. We continue to make headway with our McCormick profit and the focus it brings on working capital. The McCormick profit, we reward our business leaders not only for strong operating income but also for their management of working capital and saw good progress this quarter with inventory reductions. Let me finish up with our 2010 guidance. If you turn to slide 19 I would like to comment on our financial outlook for the fiscal year. While earnings per share exceeded our expectations for the first quarter we continue to project a range of $2.49 to $2.54. As we move into the balance of the year we expect a more moderate increase in our joint venture income and gross profit margin improvement closer to our 50 basis point target. We reaffirm 2% to 4% sales growth in local currency and continue to project a 2% benefit from favorable foreign currency exchange rates. Other aspects of our guidance also remain unchanged. 50 basis points of gross margin improvement, $35 to $45 million of cost savings from CCI, and a $20 million increase in marketing support. While we do not typically provide quarterly guidance, we do want to point out that we do not expect a repeat of our 2010 first quarter results in the second quarter. As mentioned earlier, we had particularly favorable sales mix in the first quarter that significantly improved gross profit margin.  Also, we are planning an even greater increase in our marketing support. This is on top of a $10 million marketing increase in the second quarter 2009. Because a large portion of the 2010 spending is related to awareness building for our new products, it wont have the immediate sales lift we saw with our first quarter spending. Id also like to point out that we expect the increase in income from unconsolidated operations to moderate a bit from the first quarters results as pointed out earlier in our remarks. As a result of these factors, our current outlook is for second quarter EPS to be in a $0.42 to $0.45 range. To wrap up our remarks this morning, our first quarter sales, profit, and cash have given us increased confidence in our outlook for another year of strong performance. We believe 2010 will be a year of record financial results and increased value for McCormick shareholders. Now lets take the first question.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Robert Moskow  Credit Suisse
Robert Moskow  Credit Suisse: I thought I heard a comment about private label sales being weaker in the quarter and obviously mix was stronger. Did I hear that correctly and to what extent did that impact mix? Maybe just review if thats not it, what was so good about mix and why wouldnt it continue to be good for the rest of the year?
Gordon Stetz: You did hear that right. In the quarter our core business items which were the focus of all the advertising and promotional efforts did have a very strong result and private label had weaker trends. It had a favorable impact on the mix and you saw that in the gross margin performance. In terms of go forward, the indication that were giving is that we expect the gross margin to be more in line with the full year guidance of 50 basis points.  The main reason for that is as we promote into, mainly in the second quarter, were looking at awareness building activities as it relates to new product introductions. Those core items that performed so well in the first quarter we wouldnt expect them to be quite as strong in the second quarter as were shifting this spend towards more of the new product and awareness building items.
Robert Moskow  Credit Suisse: As it impacts sales if youre spending more advertising to put even more effort on these new products and hopefully that would push you even farther away from private label, just from a sales perspective wouldnt that just keep helping your mix or arent these new products accretive to mix?
Alan Wilson: They will be but we expect those to build over time not to have the immediate impact in the quarter. What were doing is an investment spend in the second quarter.
Gordon Stetz: Also, private label, recall is a smaller component of the portfolio. While it did have an impact, the bigger impact was really on those core items that performed well that we mentioned in the call earlier.
Robert Moskow  Credit Suisse: Just broadly speaking in the category, have you seen that just overall that the growth in private label has slowed and do you think we hit a peak at some point last year?
Alan Wilson: Private label is still growing, the rate of growth has decelerated a bit as weve seen in spices and herbs it has actually continued to grow in dry seasoning mixes but were growing a lot faster and gaining share. We are seeing some deceleration.
Gordon Stetz: Id like to make one correction to a statement I made earlier. I had indicated that the CCI savings for the year were going to be $35 to $45 million. In fact the slide is right, slide 19 is right, its going to be $35 to $40 million for the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Alexia Howard  Sanford Bernstein
Alexia Howard  Sanford Bernstein: A follow up on pricing, I think in the US your pricing was pretty much flat year on year. I guess weve seen price gaps at private label flex a bit over the last couple of years in core spices. Do you feel as though your price gaps at private label are pretty much where you want them and we wouldnt expect to defer the significant deflation in that segment from here on out?
Alan Wilson: I wouldnt expect to see significant deflation, however I would remind you that through last year and even as we go into this year, we are still both advertising heavily and promoting heavily to make sure that we maintain good volumes of our brand versus private label. The price gaps are still pretty extensive on certain products and we want to make sure that we stay competitive.
Alexia Howard  Sanford Bernstein: Are we basically done with the food service distributor issue next quarter or is it still going to be a bit of a headwind?
Alan Wilson: It should finish up this coming quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ann Gurkin  Davenport
Ann Gurkin  Davenport: I wondered if I start with Wal-Mart and observing in Wal-Mart that the shelves seem to be set, some shelves are set with Great Value and McCormick brands side by side, particularly larger volume items like Onion Salt. Can you help me understand the level of cannibalization to McCormick brands from the set of Great Value right next to that product on the shelves?
Alan Wilson: A lot of the side by side products where you see both in almost every retailer arent new. Theres been on between 20 and 25 items across almost all channels an overlap between the brand and private label for a long, long time so theres not anything new there. Were not going to comment specifically on the private label Great Value tests but I will say that theres not new competition there, weve overlapped on a lot of core items for a long, long time on both brand and private label.
Ann Gurkin  Davenport: You havent seen acceleration in that side by side set in Wal-Mart at this time?
Alan Wilson: Were not really going to comment on whats going on with this test.
Ann Gurkin  Davenport: Can you help me understand a little bit more, McCormicks penetration into the trend of natural flavorings, Pepsi was talking a lot about that, natural flavorings, other companies are looking to improve natural aspects of products. Can you talk about McCormicks ability to service that trend?
Alan Wilson: Absolutely, thats one thats right up our alley. We typically provide natural flavors and seasonings, as you know we have a fairly significant business in snack seasonings. We have been working with our customers for quite a while in taking artificial flavors and other products out and replacing them with natural seasonings. Were very, very heavily integrated.
Operator: Your next question comes from Alex Bison  Northcoast Research
Alex Bison  Northcoast Research: Will there be any lingering impact from the basics foods recall in the second quarter?
Alan Wilson: No, we believe weve fully reserved the impact of that.
Alex Bison  Northcoast Research: Is there any opportunity to pick up some business in the pepper market as a result of the recall from the other guy?
Alan Wilson: Weve seen an increase in inquiries, certainly as people look at what they need to do for their own food safety. Our record has been exceptional in that area so we are getting increased inquiries on that.
Alex Bison  Northcoast Research: If my memory serves, retailer sell through is very strong in the fourth quarter and around the holiday season. I was wondering if you could talk about the importance of restocking at the retailer level to your consumer business in the first quarter.
Alan Wilson: Absolutely, as we see strong consumer take aways through the periods there is some restocking that happens and visa versa if we find weaker take aways then certainly thatll impact us as retailers adjust inventory. Thats why were making the investments that were making with consumer spending is to make sure that we keep that momentum going. Were pleased with the momentum weve seen at the retail.
Alex Bison  Northcoast Research: On advertising, in the past youve gotten some very strong returns out of advertising, are you still pleased with those returns? And secondly given how front end loaded your advertising looks to be this year is it possible you wont have enough dry powder in the second half of the year or could you maybe overspend the $20 million that youre expecting to increase the advertising by?
Gordon Stetz: We continue to evaluate the effectiveness of all of our marketing programs and put more money behind the ones that are working and shift away from things that arent working as well. We certainly are front loading the increased spend but recall we had a significant increase in our spending through a good bit of last year so we feel pretty confident that we have lots of fuel in the engine. It doesnt say that if we see opportunities for returns or if we do better with our CCI projects that we wont look for opportunities to investment spend. We feel like weve got a pretty well lined out program for this year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Growe  Stifel Nicolaus
Chris Growe  Stifel Nicolaus: I wanted to follow up to a degree on that mix question earlier. You also mentioned mix is a pretty material driver of your profits in the industrial division. Again, is that something you saw that was unique to that quarter or something that could continue that could help drive, even amidst obviously some weaker restaurant sales, pretty strong profitability in that division?
Gordon Stetz: As we indicated, we had some pricing that were pass throughs as commodity costs came down. As we said, when those items were going up that was a depression on the margin and as they come back down that actually is a help to the margin. That phenomenon we would continue to see as commodity costs pass throughs run through. Product mix and timing of customer promotions is always a factor and itll be a function of the timing of when our customers and whats the current pipeline launch certain items. That also can be both a positive and a negative on the mix as well.
Chris Growe  Stifel Nicolaus: We did see a little improvement in the Europe consumer division. A number of factors, Im sure were involved in that, youve been increasing your marketing there as well. Is that a better consumer environment though at the heart of driving that improved trend or do you credit the marketing for most of that. It sounds like the categories there are doing fairly well.
Gordon Stetz: Its a combination of both. Weve tightened up our message and feel like were resonating better with consumers but there is an improved market. We were very happy to see positive volume in Europe; I think its the first time weve seen that in several quarters. We anticipate continuing to drive that but thats one were pleased to see. It is a combination of both, better environment and our marketing programs are more effective.
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank
Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank: My first question has to do with, if you could explain the difference between some of the strong numbers that you talked about in terms of the US holiday programs, I think you said core spices were up 7%, extracts were up 23%, dry seasoning mix up 10%, Zatarains up 10%. Yet when I look at the segment results I think you said in local currency in America the business was up 3%. Is that all private label?
Gordon Stetz: No, also Canada we had a negative mix and volume performance that was not as strong within those areas. That helped dampen down the growth of those items.
Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank: It was a combination of private label and Canada.
Gordon Stetz: Yes.
Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank: Can you talk, given that we dont have as much visibility into your ingredients, can you talk a little about your assumptions regarding fiscal 2010 inflation and then what youre thinking long term for some of, not necessarily energy or packaging, but more the specifics stuff like pepper, vanilla, and the stuff we dont have great visibility on?
Gordon Stetz: Weve seen some increases in prices and some of the spice commodities but by and large its been fairly benign. As you know, as we build we take coverage at different parts of the year and as we go into the back half of the year we typically would be pretty well covered on commodities. Going forward, I would expect to see some inflation as we head into 2011 but were seeing for the most part those commodities to be fairly benign for 2010.
Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank: Im trying to think about, maybe this is a better question for the analyst meeting. The industrial business, with the pass through mechanism that makes margins swing around as you noted, therefore if thats not the right way to look at it and its better to look at it just on EBIT dollars, the EBIT dollars there I guess you put up about $21 million this quarter. By and large over the last couple of years youve been generating $20 million or so, a little bit more than that per quarter. What gets that business to really move up, is it just the economy or is there anything else that you can do?
Gordon Stetz: It is things that we can do and that we are working on doing, penetrating those large customers, as you know. Well dwell on this more in the investor conference. As you know, we place a lot of focus behind a critical few customers, and those are customers that we believe are going to grow and do well and so we will grow with them and as we service their needs and we wrap ourselves around their initiatives. Thats a big component of our strategy. Theres also some mix opportunities for us in terms of new product innovation and some of the things that were doing to strengthen our technical insulation as products move up, and then this whole trend towards natural and more healthy is one that plays very well for us.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mitch Pinheiro  Janney, Montgomery, Scott
Mitch Pinheiro  Janney, Montgomery, Scott: Regarding the $8 million increase in your brand marketing in the quarter, how much of that was just due to the spike in media rates?
Gordon Stetz: Id say very little of that. It really was a concerted effort around our own execution of certain programs.
Mitch Pinheiro  Janney, Montgomery, Scott: In the mix then, how do you guys think about your mix of media, print, web, TV?
Gordon Stetz: We evaluate that and well share some of that information at the investor conference. We evaluate that based on the effectiveness and the kinds of things that were trying to do. Weve always had a pretty heavy weight toward print because it lends itself to recipe. Were making increased investments in the web but we do believe and we see from our returns analysis that TV is a good vehicle for us.
Mitch Pinheiro  Janney, Montgomery, Scott: The purpose of the marketing, marketing here in the first half theres not a lot of new product launches right now and its not your core cooking season, although Easter is important obviously. Is this just sort of halo awareness advertising or are there some specific strategies that youre focused on here?
Gordon Stetz: Our strategy specifically the second quarter is launching the new product, Recipe Inspiration and Perfect Pinch. Thats where a good bit of that increased spending is going to be. Also, because as were building for grilling season, were maintaining and increasing a little bit our spending behind Grill Mates. Our business is heavily weighted to the holiday cooking season but weve got seasonal products virtually all through the year that we want to make sure that we support, that react and respond very well to advertising.  Grill Mates is one that year on year we continue to see double digit increases even in the first quarter this year when you dont think people are grilling, were continuing to drive that franchise and it responds really well to advertising. Those are the kinds of things that were doing. The heavy spend in second quarter is Recipe Inspirations.
Mitch Pinheiro  Janney, Montgomery, Scott: Last question, relative to Easter, does the timing of Easter have any impact relative to last year?
Gordon Stetz: I think it was only about a week different than last year so quarter to quarter on our sales results shouldnt have a big impact. I think last year was more of an impact from freight inventory changes that we saw.
Mitch Pinheiro  Janney, Montgomery, Scott: On the industrial side, in the Americas specifically, the volume was up about 6/10s of 1%. Of that, can you break down maybe by channel a little bit, at least give some color on food service versus the new product pipeline from your ingredient customers, in terms of the growth rate there?
Gordon Stetz: Its really a mixed bag which is why it netted out to be only up slightly. What we saw is in food service basically casual down, QSR flat, and some growth in food service distributors for really the first time in several quarters. Were seeing some good response there but there are still pockets of weakness that we havent seen recover. The consumer food manufacturers didnt have the level of new product innovation last year that we would typically see and some of that is carrying over into this year but we did have a number of new product wins for consumer manufacturers that have started to launch and were seeing the volume of that but it wasnt enough to offset the lack of the carry over from last year. That was a little confusing because there are so many ups and downs in it. Were seeing pockets of optimism and still some hangover from weakness from last year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Lazar  Barclays
Andrew Lazar  Barclays: This may also be a topic that perhaps you get into more detail at your meeting. I know the continuous cost improvement has been obviously a big enabler for your business and it shows through this year as well. When you look at the absolute numbers, whether its as a percent of cost of goods or what have you and you benchmark that relative to a lot of peers, many of whom have kind of as youve seen stepped up their productivity efforts of late, given the environment and everything else. Im curious how much benchmarking youve been doing there if there are opportunities to step up that rate quite a bit because there does seem to be a big delta relative to at least where you are even though the numbers I know are big for McCormick, theres a big delta there between where you are and where a lot of your peers are, as a percentage of cost of goods or what have you.
Gordon Stetz: We will be covering this in more detail at the investor conference, Jim Radin, who is in charge of our supply chain will be doing a very good discussion around that. In answer to your question, we do benchmark this and make sure were challenging ourselves adequately on the cost savings that we are targeting. We are continuing to look at areas where we can achieve more cost savings. I will say were still looking at definitions that we include relative to other companies and some of the things that we put in that $35 to $40 million are very, very hard year over year savings. Other things that relate to productivity and capacity improvements youve heard me say this before, were learning other companies are including those types of metrics and we have those outside of that $35 to $40 million. There may be a bit of a disparity in terms of whats being counted in these things. Well go into a fair amount of discussion on that in the investor conference for sure.
Andrew Lazar  Barclays: In other words, some things are more ongoing as you may define it in terms of what youre doing with your business over time.
Gordon Stetz: Right.
Andrew Lazar  Barclays: When you purchase ingredients in industrial now more on the half or in concert with some of your big industrial customers, as part of the way you purchase there. Does that offer you any additional scale purchasing advantages relative to when you were doing it on your own outside of those customers or not really?
Gordon Stetz: Typically the kinds of things that we would be cooperating on are large commodities like soybean oil and flour and things like that. Its pretty hard to take advantage of scale in those kinds of largely publicly traded commodities, its more making the decision on what point were going to lock in and how long were going to lock in and those sorts of things. I wouldnt say theres a scale advantage in that regard.
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank
Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank: I think you mentioned that you were spending a lot more on promotion. You were definitely doing marketing but then I think you also said that you were, I think it was to Anns question regarding promotion and the price difference versus private label. How much did promotion impact your top line, I dont remember if you mentioned that?
Gordon Stetz: Whatever promotional dollars that go to a price reduction would read through in the price and in the case of Americas we didnt show any price. Youll recall we had a price increase in the first quarter of last year, we anniversaried it so we may have had a little bit of a price benefit from that anniversary that was negated by the promotion. I dont know if that helps answer but thats where it would read through.
Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank: It is material at all or is the promotional levels that youre seeing to keep the gap versus private label, youre saying that the promotional levels are not so significant that they needed to be called out and that whatever they are theyre pretty effective given the private label was down?
Gordon Stetz: That is what were saying.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the floor back over to Ms. Brooks for closing comments.
Joyce Brooks: Thank you for participating in todays discussion. (Replay Instructions) If anyone has an additional question regarding the call please give me a call at 410-771-7244. This concludes our call.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-01-28 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Alan Wilson - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer Gordon Stetz - EVP & Chief Financial Officer Paul Beard - Senior Vice President of Finance & Treasurer Joyce Brooks - Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein Rob Moskow - Credit Suisse Eric Serotta - Consumer Edge Research Ken Goldman - JP Morgan Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Co. Mitch Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the McCormicks fourth quarter 2009 conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. (Operator Instructions)  It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Joyce Brooks, Vice President of Investor Relations for McCormick. Thank you. Ms. Brooks, you may begin. 
Joyce Brooks: Good morning to everyone on todays call and to those joining us by webcast. The purpose of our call is to review McCormicks fourth quarter financial results, achievements in 2009 and guidance for 2010. We have posted seven slides to accompany todays call at our website, www.ir.mccormick.com. With me are Alan Wilson, Chairman, President and CEO, Gordon Stetz, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Paul Beard, Senior Vice President of Finance, Treasurer. Following our remarks we look forward to discussing your questions. As a reminder, our presentation today contains projections and other forward-looking statements and actual results could differ materially from those projected. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statement whether as a result of new information, future events, or other factors. In addition, information we present today, which excludes restructuring charges, as well as unusual items recorded in 2008 is not GAAP measures and we present this information for comparative purposes alongside the most directly comparable GAAP measures. Reconciliations of GAAP to non-GAAP measures can be found in this mornings press release and in the presentation slides for our call. Note that we do not expect to record any restructuring charges in 2010. It is now my pleasure to turn the discussion over to Alan.
Alan Wilson:
 : Due to the seasonality of our business at McCormick, the fourth quarter of the fiscal year is historically a big part of our annual profit results and an even larger part of our cash flow. The most recent fourth quarter was no exception. Strong financial results led to a record year in profit and cash flow for 2009. Taking a look at slide four, on a comparable basis with the fourth quarter of 2008, we grew earnings per share 8%. Sales growth and margin improvement were key drivers. This year, we had our largest holiday marketing program ever in support of our seasonal items, including spices, herbs, gravies and holiday essentials here in the United States. We also increased marketing this quarter behind our consumer favorites such as Vahine dessert items in France and behind new products such as Honey jams in China. While we grew consumer sales 4% in the fourth quarter, sales in our industrial business continued to be hampered by a moderation in new product innovation by food manufacturers and continued pressure on the food service industry. We were pleased to deliver another quarter of increased operating income for our industrial business, which was up 6% on a comparable basis, excluding restructuring charges and unusual items. On the same basis, we increased operating income for our consumer business 12%. These results were driven largely by progress for CCI, our comprehensive continuous improvement program. Cash flow from operations in the fourth quarter was particularly strong, exceeding our expectations with further achievements in working capital management. Turning to results for fiscal year 2009 in slide five, excluding restructuring charges, we achieved earnings of $2.35 per share and reached a record $416 million for cash flow from operations. We were particularly pleased with the cash results, as this was well in excess of the previous high of $342 million. Excluding restructuring charges and unusual items, earnings per share of $2.35 was a 10% increase from the prior year and above our latest guidance of 8% to 9%. This was our fourth consecutive year of double digit EPS growth on a comparable basis. With 100 basis point improvement in gross profit margin, we surpassed our 50 basis point goal for the year. Another area of excellent achievement was in cost reductions, which totaled $42 million for the year, 40% ahead of our initial 2009 goal and we reduced our cash conversion cycle by five days at the top end of our three to five day target. This is a total reduction of 10 days since 2007, bringing our cash conversion cycle down by more than 10%. Now, lets talk about sales growth, which is the one area that came in below our expectations. We grew sales 5% in local currency. This increase was mainly due to incremental sales from Lawrys, which were right on target. However, the sales growth in our base business lagged our expectations, hampered by the impact of the economy on our customers and consumers. In 2009, food retailers faced heightened competition in an economically constrained consumer. Certain retailers responded by placing more emphasis on their private label products during the year, while others, including dollar stores and hard discounters chose to expand their branded offerings, the net effect of these actions with some share loss of our spices and herbs products to private label during 2009. However, we were able to grow sales of our branded spices and seasonings at retail with our marketing support and new product innovation. As seen on slide six, based on retail scanner data, consumer purchases of our products were up in each of our four largest geographic markets in 2009. Inventory reductions by food retailers also impacted sales growth in our major markets. During 2009, the growth in consumer purchase of that retail exceeded the growth rate for our net sales of spices and seasonings, as shown on slide seven. Likewise, our industrial customers were affected by a tough economy in 2009. While we had some great new product wins early in the year, success in lowering costs in this part of our business, sales to industrial customers had slowed by the fourth quarter. Among our industrial customer groups, quick service restaurants fared relatively well and our sales to this channel was the best performing part of our industrial business in 2009. This performance was lagged by sales to food service distributors, which serve higher end restaurants and institutions. We also had a disruption from the bankruptcy of our U.K. distributor. As for food manufacturers, 2009 was a year when many of these customers focused on core items, with limited activity behind innovation, and fair amount of SKU reduction. At this time, we are encouraged by an increase in activity in 2010, and our innovation pipeline. We continue to have strong win rates for new products. For both consumer and industrial businesses, 2009 marked a period of further volatility in both input costs and currency. Our sourcing teams work to minimize the profit impact of higher costs and our pricing actions provided an effective offset, which accounted for about 4% of sales growth for the year. However, the stronger dollar was a real headwind to our reported sales growth in 2009, reducing sales by 5% for the year. By the fourth quarter, the impact of currency was neutral and at todays exchange rates, should provide a bit of a tailwind in the first half of 2010. With changes underway by our customers, costs and currency volatility, and consumers still under pressure, our business leaders were agile in addressing these challenges in pursuing opportunities for growth. We also stayed focused on several key initiatives. Job number one in 2009 was a seamless integration of Lawrys. Looking back on the work of our team, this has been one of our most effective integration efforts. Our new marketing campaign has been underway for more than six months now and Im encouraged by the year-on-year growth achieved in the fourth quarter, with unit sales up 8%. Based on results to-date, for sales, profit and cash, this has been a very successful acquisition in McCormick. In 2009, we increased our brand marketing support by $20 million and our spending is now up more than 50% from the last five years. During this year, we optimized this spending by adapting to current market conditions to address the actions of various retailers behind the assortment of brand and private label in our four categories weve worked directly and diligently with many major retailers to optimize product mix, pricing, and promotion for both brand and private label. In addition to emphasize the value of our brands, we directed a portion of our promotion in advertising to coupons and feature prices in both the U.S. and certain international markets. Consumers have responded with our coupon redemption rates, up more than 50% in the U.S. and branded sales growth in most major markets, as I showed earlier. Due in part to more online advertising, traffic to our U.S. website exceeded 200 million visits last year. Following our relaunch of our U.K. Schwartz site, an increase in advertising search activity did rise in October and November doubled versus the previous year. These consumers were actually spending an average of about seven minutes at each visit. On slide 12, a portion of our marketing support, supported many of our consumer favorites in drove sales. Our revitalized McCormick brand dry seasoning mixes grew 6% in the U.S., outpacing the increase in private label. Grill Mate sales were up 20%. In Australia, higher sales of slow cooker seasonings led to 3.5% share gain in the recipe mix category and Aeroplane gelatin sales rose 14%. Our promotion and advertising also featured some of our newer items such as Reduced-Lawrys Sodium seasonings, Honey Jams in China, and Schwartz flavorful products in the UK, but this Vahine in France is an extension of our leading brand of dessert items to a range of cake mixes. In just over a year, weve gained a 6% share of the cake mix category in France with these new items and our marketing campaign. Together with our marketing efforts, innovation helped drive category growth in our four largest markets, as shown in units on slide 14. New product wins on the industrial side of our business included Condiments, as well as seasonings for chicken and seasonings for snacks. In 2009, we continued to expand the geographic footprint for the McCormick brand in China and in the last two years, have doubled the number of major cities where consumers can purchase our products. During this period, we also gained new distribution with value priced retailers in the U.S., Canada, and France. Another key initiative behind our success was cost reduction. Our process reliability program coupled with the McCormick high-performance work system has unleashed capacity in all of our major locations. We have successfully completed our restructuring program, which began in late 2005. This initiative has enabled us to reduce the number of major facilities by 26% and increase our sales per facility by 66%. In 2009, we also made great progress CCI and it is illustrated on slide 16. Employees in all parts of the business contributed to the substantial cost reductions achieved. In addition, we have made impressive results from the sustainability standpoint. Our largest production facility in the U.K. was named sustainable manufacturer of the year by a leading manufacturing publication in recognition of a 14% reduction in electricity usage and a 48% increase in recycling. A new recycling unit in our Atlanta, Georgia plant contributed to a 43% solid waste reduction for this facility. Across all major facilities, weve reduced greenhouse gases by 24%, water usage by 19%, and electricity usage by 14% since 2005. While the 2009 profit results of our unconsolidated income declined in US dollars, we have impressive results from our largest and longstanding joint venture, McCormick de Mexico, which grew sales 19% in local currency. As a sign of the consistent and steady performance at McCormick, the board approved in November an 8% increase in the quarterly dividend. This marks the 24 consecutive years of increases in our shareholder dividend. I hope that these latest achievements and our 2009 financial results give you a sense of the talent and energy of our employees. We have a wonderful culture and high employee engagement and we were pleased to be named just last week to FORTUNE Magazines 100 best companies to work for list. Before discussing our outlook for 2010, Gordon is going to provide you with further insight into our fourth quarter financial results and business performance.
Gordon Stetz: Thanks, Alan. As previously stated, our fourth quarter results were a strong finish to the year. On a comparable basis, fourth quarter earnings per share rose 8%, with an underlying increase in each of our two segments. On this same basis, we achieved a double digit increase in consumer business operating income, which rose 12%, including the impact of higher brand marketing support and a solid 6% increase in industrial operating income. Just as we have for the full year, we saw areas of both strength and weakness in the quarter for our two segments. For the consumer business, we increased operating income $17 million on a comparable basis. This includes a $5 million increase in marketing support for the quarter, which totaled $6 million for both business segments. We grew operating income with sales growth and cost savings from CCI, as well as with a favorable business mix. Keep in mind that we closed the acquisition of Lawrys in the third quarter of 2008 and there is no incremental impact from this acquisition in the fourth quarter results. For the total consumer segment on slide 23, sales rose 4% in the fourth quarter, with pricing up 3% and a 1% benefit from foreign currency exchange rates. As a reminder, our pricing actions in the consumer business occurred late in 2008 and early in 2009 in order to offset higher costs. At this time, the impacts of pricing actions for our consumer business in 2010 are expected to be minimal. For consumer sales in the Americas, the increase was 5%, with two/thirds from pricing and one-third from volume and product mix. This quarter our largest unit increases in the U.S. for dry seasoning mixes up 5%, Lawrys items up 8%, McCormick branded spices and herbs, up 5%, and grilling products up 16% evidenced that grilling has truly become a year round event. Sales for each of these product lines were driven by greater marketing support, which included television, print, internet, and coupons. Offsetting some of this strength were declines in unit sales of our gourmet lines. For our Europe, Middle East and Africa region, EMEA, we reported a 1% increase in consumer sales. However, in local currency, sales were down 2%. A 2% benefit from pricing was more than offset by lower volume and product mix. Through the fourth quarter, our business in France continued to benefit from healthy category growth for our Ducros spices and seasonings, as well as our growth initiatives behind Vahine dessert items. However, the retail environment in U.K. continued to be challenging and affected our fourth quarter sales in this market. In the Asia-Pacific region, we reported a 15% increase in consumer sales. In local currency, the increase was 7%, with higher volume and product mix the primary driver. In China, our geographic expansion and new product activity, as well as a portion of our incremental marketing, led to this increase. Lets turn to the industrial business. We increased fourth quarter operating income 6% on a comparable basis. In a quarter where segment sales declined, this profit increase is evidence of our effectiveness, CCI driven savings, and careful cost management. Also, the majority of new products added to our portfolio in 2009 are accretive to the overall margins. Across all regions, industrial sales declined 2%, were down 1% in local currency. Pricing actions to reflect input cost changes added 2% to sales while volume and product mix were unfavorable. In the Americas, industrial sales were down 4% and down 2% in local currency. This is a reversal from the performance in earlier quarters during 2009. We continue to benefit from new product activity, with quick service restaurants, but saw a lower demand from food manufacturers during this period. Our relationships with these strategic partners remains strong and they remain committed to McCormick as its supplier. In EMEA, we achieved sales growth with industrial customers through the end of 2009. Sales were up 2% and up 6% in local currency, primarily as a result of the pass through pricing for higher costs. In the Asia-Pacific region, we saw a slowdown in demand from the restaurant customers during this period. Industrial sales in the fourth quarter were down 2%, and down 6% in local currency as a result of unfavorable volume and product mix. In China, our customers have focused on core menu items in recent months and their pace of innovation slowed in the fourth quarter. Lets look at how this adds up for the total business. Sales rose 2%, primarily as a result of higher pricing, with the pluses and minuses of volume and product mix across our segments and regions having a minimal impact on this quarters sales. Gross profit this quarter rose 190 basis points to a seasonally strong 45.6% due in part to our move toward a more favorable business mix. Our margin improvement is also being driven by CCI, as well as our restructuring actions and discretionary cost controls throughout our operations. Turning to slide 29, SG&A in the fourth quarter of 2009 was 25.8% of net sales, an increase of 30 basis points. A $6 million increase in brand marketing added 60 basis points. This increase was offset in part by our progress with CCI and cost controls, as well as lower distribution costs and favorable benefit expenses. Operating income reached $178 million, on a comparable basis; excluding restructuring charges we increase operating income 11% in the fourth quarter versus the year ago period. Our tax rate for the quarter at 33.6% brought our fiscal year rate to 31.9%, which reflected our mix of business. We expect our tax rate in 2010 to also be close to 32%. With a 67% increase, income from unconsolidated operations this quarter showed a dramatic turnaround from the year-to-date declines we had been reporting. As Alan shared, our joint venture in Mexico has had strong sales all year. In the fourth quarter, with the weaker US dollar and lower soybean oil costs, we saw significant profit growth from this business. We are looking for further gains in 2010 and expect to reach or exceed the level of profitability reported in 2008. So a look at the bottom line shows fourth quarter earnings per share of $0.87 compared to $0.62 last year. In the fourth quarter of 2008, we recorded restructuring charges and an impairment charge that had lowered EPS by $0.22. In 2009, restructuring charges lowered EPS by $0.04. Excluding these items EPS increased 8% were $0.07 and $0.91from $0.84 in the prior year. Higher operating income added $0.10 per share, lower net interest expense added $0.01, and income from unconsolidated operations added $0.02 cents, offset in part by $0.06 cents from an increased tax rate. Before I turn it back over to Alan, Ill comment briefly on the balance sheet and cash flow and refer you to slide 32. Beginning in 2008, we began to reward our business leaders not only for strong operating income performance, but also for their management of working capital. In our second year McCormick profit, we are growing both profit and cash. With a further improvement in the fourth quarter, cash flow from operations reached $416 million, an increase of $101 million from 2008. This increase has been driven by higher net income, including the positive impact of Lawrys, as well as effective working capital management. Alan shared with you already our continued progress in compressing our cash conversion cycle, which now stands at just above 80 days. Keep in mind that our cash flow from operations includes an increase in pension contributions. In 2009, we contributed $72 million versus $19 million in 2008. This brought our funded level for the primary U.S. pension plan back above 90% based on the accumulated benefit obligation liability. At this time, we anticipate contributions in 2010 of approximately $45 million. About half of this amount was funded in early December. As we discussed last quarter, 2010 pension expense is expected to increase substantially due primarily to changes in the actuarial assumptions, primarily the discount rate. We now expect pension expense to be approximately $27 million in 2010, compared to $13 million in 2009. The increase from 2009 to 2010 is expected to reduce EPS by $0.07, approximately 3%. Note that our cash flow will benefit from the lower expected contributions and that the increase in pension expense is a non-cash item. Ill conclude my comments on the balance sheet and cash flow by pointing to our great progress with debt reduction. As you know, our primary use of cash during 2009 has been the reduction of debt from the Lawrys acquisition. This focused approach and strong cash generation has allowed us to reduce our debt by $252 million during 2009. Our priorities for uses of cash, as we head into 2010, will be to reduce debt and fund potential acquisitions, as well as fund dividend payments and an estimated $100 million in capital expenditures. In a few minutes, Ill look forward to discussing your questions, but I first want to turn it back over to Alan.
Alan Wilson: Thanks, Gordon. Were excited about our prospects for growth in 2010. While we expect our customers, both consumer and industrial customers to be operating under continued pressure during a gradual economic recovery. We are seeing more appetite for innovation. There are some clear platforms for growth in our business around health and wellness, convenience, authentic, ethnic flavors, and value. In 2010, these platforms direct our product innovation for both consumer and industrial businesses, as well as our marketing support. As we stated earlier, we have high win rates with our industrial customers and an innovation pipeline that includes new products for food manufacturers, and the food service channel. As discussed in our last call, the new product line-up for our U.S. consumer business includes Perfect Pinch and Recipe Inspirations, which both did very well in test markets during 2009. Weve received some early support for Recipe Inspirations from consumer trends expert Phil Lempert, who discovered this product and has included it in his food industry remarks on ABC, Supermarket Guru, the view, and more recently on the today show. He commented this is going to pave the way for other similar concepts that will expand our pallet. Weve had an unprecedented reaction from our customers, with 14 key grocery retailers requesting early shipments in Recipe Inspirations in anticipation of strong consumer demand. We are introducing new varieties of McCormick brand dry seasoning mixes and Lawrys marinade and will be extending our range of products imported from our joint venture in Mexico to our line of Popular Teas. In Canada, were revitalizing our clubhouse brand core spices, featuring new labeling, new products, and media advertising. Consumers in Europe will see a U.K. version of Perfect Pinch and new varieties of our Schwartz flavorful brands. In France, were expanding our line of Vahine cake mixes and decorations and our team in Australia is introducing a line of Slow Cooker Seasonings for rice. In 2010, were also going to seize the opportunity to increase marketing support behind our leading brand and new products, capture consumer interest as they continue to prepare meals at home. Were getting a good value for our marketing dollars, when the purchasing advertising, and in the U.S. and Europe, have achieved strong ROIs on these dollars as measured by incremental consumer purchases. Weve also tested higher levels of marketing with good results, with a 50% increase in media we were able to deliver a double digit increase in sales for most of the products we tested. At this time, we intend to add $20 million to our marketing programs in support of our core items, as well as new product innovations, this is an increase of 14% in 2009. Core items support will include ads that feature the antioxidant benefit of our super spices, our latest flavor forecast, and first ever grilling forecast. The convenience of our dry seasoning mixes, the authentic ethnic flavors of brands such as Zatarain, high kitchen, and simply Asia and support for the Vahine line in France. As shown on slide 40, a large portion of the promotion and advertising behind product innovation will be concentrated on our national launch of Recipe Inspirations and Perfect Pinch here in the U.S. We are fueling these investments in our business with cost savings from CCI. Our goal in 2010 is to reduce cost of goods sold, as well as SG&A expenses in the range of $35 to $40 million. We have high confidence in this target, with many initiatives already underway. These 2010 cost savings will fuel our incremental marketing support and help offset modest increases in input costs. Gross profit margin is projected to improve by at least 50 basis points as a result of productivity and our continued shift toward a more favorable business mix. With incremental marketing support and our product innovation plans, we expect to grow sales 2% to 4% in local currency. Based on current rates, the impact of foreign currency will boost sales by 2% for a total projected increase of 4% to 6%. Weve also added sales performance as a component of our operating divisions annual incentive compensation to bring increased focus. While healthy sales growth and margin expansion will drive profit growth in 2010, higher pension expense will be a headwind, as Gordon indicated, reducing EPS growth by about 3%. Taking this into account, we expect to achieve earnings per share at a $2.49 to $2.54 range. On a comparable basis with 2009, excluding the impact of restructuring charges recorded in 2009, this is a 6% to 8% increase. Note that no further restructuring charges are expected in 2010. We are looking for another year of excellent cash generation from our business with higher profit and further reduction in our working capital. Our search for more great acquisitions to fold into our portfolio continues with a focus in Asia. Along with further pay down of our debt, acquisitions are our preferred use of cash in 2010. We have a number of interesting businesses on our radar screen, both in developed and emerging markets. Let me summarize so we can get to your questions. Our passion for flavor is the foundation of our success. Base continues to rank first in what we choose to eat, along with quality, health and convenience. From premium gourmet items to the private label items we supply, our products offer consumers a good value, providing 90% of the flavor for a meal at less than 10% of the cost and we have long term relationships with our customers who rely on McCormick for superior quality and service. With our marketing program lineup and innovation plans, McCormicks leadership team is excited about driving growth in 2010 on both the top line and the bottom line. Its the skill, energy and enthusiasm that McCormick employees around the world that give me confidence in a great performance and achievement of our financial goals for the year. Gordon and I look forward to reporting first quarter results with you in March and a more in-depth discussion at our investor conference in April. We thank our investors for your continued confidence and thank everyone on the call for your attention this morning. Now well take some questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein: Just wanted a follow-up on the top line growth in the industrial segments, I think you said that, quick serve restaurants domestically were pretty strong, but at this time it was I guess sales to other food manufacturers that might have been slightly lighter and that may have been due to at the timing of new product introductions. Could you talk a little bit about how that likely to develop going forward, was it just the timing of new product introductions happen to be light this quarter, or can we expect that situation to continue?
Alan Wilson: Yes, what we saw through a lot of 2009 was a focus by retailers in reducing SKUs and less of the ongoing line extension kinds of innovation that weve seen the last several years. What were seeing is a pretty good innovation pipeline, as everybody recognizes that we got to have the innovation to grow. So we are seeing a higher level of innovation activity.  Now, what I would expect to see and what were seeing in the new products are more of the bigger, larger kinds of products as opposed to smaller line extension kinds of products.
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein: Just a quick follow-up, the commodity cost outlook. I know youve got a lot of commodity driven pricing in the industrial segments. Across consumer and industrial, are we expecting commodity costs to remain up, or how do you expect that to shape up going forward?
Alan Wilson: Were expecting commodity cost to be relatively benign through the year. We may start to see some up tick towards the later half of the year. Certainly, in more of the industrial type commodities, just to remind you, those tend to be pass-through. So as we see changes in dairy or wheat or soybean oil, well pass those through as prices go up and well pass them through as they come down and weve seen more moderation through the back half of last year, and what we expect to see it in the first half of this year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Rob Moskow - Credit Suisse.
Rob Moskow - Credit Suisse: I was intrigued about your comment about acquisitions and a focus on Asia. I do remember back at an Analyst Day in 2007, where I think it was Bob Lawless said that, youre going to try to focus more on emerging market acquisition targets, but really nothing has materialized in the last couple of years. Alan, can you talk a little bit about like the obstacles youve faced in trying to find suitable targets in these markets and why you think you might be able to have more success this year?
Alan Wilson: Yes, typically the targets in those markets tend to be family businesses that have grown up, and theres a point in the lifecycle, where the owner decides its time to move on. What we saw in really 2007, 2008 were price expectations in emerging markets that were in our view, too rich. So we did not bring any of those to close. Now, what were seeing is a combination of more realism in expectations by owners and a lot of the folks that weve developed long relationships with, because our process is as much as possible going to develop relationships, get to know people, and at a point well be able to convince them that were a good partner. Were seeing more progress along that than weve seen in the last couple years.
Rob Moskow - Credit Suisse: Are there a lot of bidders for these types of assets? Do you think your relationships are better than the other bidders?
Alan Wilson: Some things are more announced as public auctions with investment bankers and more of a process, and in those cases, we really have to look hard to see if those are strategic for us. We typically tend to focus on developing longer term relationships with owners so that were not so much in a process.
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Serotta - Consumer Edge Research
Eric Serotta - Consumer Edge Research:  Just wanted to circle back on your top line growth targets for this year it seems that the upper end of the range, 4%, it seems kind of aggressive to me, especially when you look at your core consumer volumes that were basically flat or down all year and I know you went through some of the reasons why they were down for the year, but could you give us some color as to why, as to why you think that upper end of that range should be achievable with, especially with at least in Americas consumer, youre making the comment that youre not expecting much pricing.
Alan Wilson: We typically, in normal years, we get a good bit of growth from new product innovation and in 2009; much more of an organizational focus in the Americas was on the Lawrys integration. So we didnt have a lot of new product integration as we would typically have. As youve seen by the support that weve seen, we are aggressively driving Recipe Inspirations and Perfect Pinch, and supporting those in a pretty big way. We also are counting on a continued growth of Lawrys, as well as continued growth of our core businesses. Were supporting that with advertising as well. So thats, thats the reason that we centered on the guidance. We dont expect that were going to spend the advertising money and not get some response.
Eric Serotta - Consumer Edge Research: Sure it 4%, though seems like a pretty steep target, even with a sizable $20 million increase in advertising, but I guess youve seen some nice lift to date. Another thing, did I hear you correctly in response to the first question, that some of your customer innovation is now focused on larger projects rather than closed in? It seemed to be the opposite all year and just wanted to make sure see if there was a change.
Alan Wilson: Yes, what were seeing is less-and-less of the line extension kinds of innovation. Theres certainly still work being done on taking sodium and reducing sodium and adding flavor, but what we are seeing is in terms of innovation, more of significant innovation is where our pipeline is stacking up right now.
Eric Serotta - Consumer Edge Research: Thats changed over the past quarter or two? Because if I remember correctly at least you talked about your industrial customers getting a little bit more conservative and focusing more on closed in innovation and maybe this is going back more than a quarter or two, maybe its going back a year, but it seemed like most of this year, the focus was on closer end things and have your customers become more aggressive in what they are looking at in terms of innovation, or is this really just the same as youve seen all year?
Gordon Stetz: I think its more a theme weve seen all year, where theres not as much room for minor innovation, as retail customers have done more SKU reductions, and more of a focus on saying we need to be truly innovative. I think everybodys struggling with top line growth in the industry and I think theres recognition that innovation is whats going to drive the growth.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Goldman - JP Morgan
Ken Goldman - JP Morgan: Alan, I want to know how many [voodoo dolls] you have in your office right now.
Alan Wilson: I have absolutely written off that part of this years history.
Ken Goldman - JP Morgan: I guess I have a similar question to Eric Serottas, just hoping to understand a little bit about your visibility into some of the drivers of the consumer top line. It seems like theres an unusual number of, upside and downside risk this year, youre going into your 1st period in a couple of years without any pricing perhaps. A little bit of a channel shift, which I know is not a huge deal, but its something. There may be some additional pressure from SKU rationalization, and then of course the Wal-Mart decision, I believe is still pending, which could be a positive or a negative. So just wondering, when you look at all of those, how much confidence you have in the numbers that youre putting out there? Maybe you could give us some of that confidence as well.
Paul Beard: We feel like we have the right program certainly to hit the numbers that weve put out there. Again, because we have a renewed focus on product innovation and we expect to see benefit from that. Youre right, there are a lot of moving parts in the business this year and certainly were not going to speculate on whats going to happen, but we think most of the SKU rationalization that we expected to see, weve seen. That has by and large not had a significant impact because the products that have been reduced havent been major sellers and as well, what weve seen is as retailers have reduced space. They have tended to reduce the space for more of the smaller regional brands. Theres no question that a lot of pressure on the top line as the economy continues to struggle, but we have pretty good faith that weve got the right programs to grow our business.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus.
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: I just had a couple of questions for you. The first was I guess I wasnt clear. Your targets for the year, sales and EPS, do you incorporate acquisitions this year, especially youve got a pretty good pipeline of deals in the works?
Alan Wilson: Weve not put any of that in the forecast.
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: Then I want to be clear on kind of the marketing investment. So the $20 million increase you had in 09, does that shift throughout the year maybe more to coupons and price they support and say advertising as the consumer was quite weak and I guess Im trying to get a feel of what happens in 2010? Should we see a lot of that shifting occur as well? Is that all incorporated in the number you gave us about $20 million?
Paul Beard: No. Coupon and promotion pricing comes right out between gross and net sales, so that would be all in net spending. There would be some in-store kinds of activities that could be in there or specific consumer kinds of promotions, but its by and large media advertising.
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: So are we seeing an even bigger increase in support in 2010, are you having to invest more heavily and say price based marketing, whatever you want to call it, in addition to what youre doing on the actual marketing line, media?
Paul Beard: Weve certainly increased our coupons and as we always do, work with customers and getting the right promotions. Chris, one thing I want to correct, this year not correct, but add color to. This years $20 million increase included about $14 million incremental Lawrys. 
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: Then I guess just looking at the gross margin, you had obviously a lot of cost savings coming through that was even above your target you gave last quarter. Was that the main driver to the upside there? Im looking at volumes being softish across the business. What really drove the gross margin this quarter? It was a good bit above my expectations?
Gordon Stetz: Chris, this is Gordon. Cost savings did come in above expectations. We were talking about a $35 million and then it ended up being up closer to $40 million as we reported, but the business mix is also a big driver as well. If the consumer business grew within the quarter, and the industrial business was actually down in the quarter. So that will be a driver to gross margin as well.
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: In terms of like input costs overall, would that have been a major factor for the quarter?
Gordon Stetz: No, input costs would not have been a major factor.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Co.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Co.: I was wondering if I could start in the U.K., if you could help me understand, are you making any changes to your strategy in U.K.? Given its continued very challenging environment?
Alan Wilson: Not in terms of major strategies, but what we are continuing to do is focus on new product innovation and supporting the brands there with a little bit different messaging focused on value. The U.K. is admittedly one of the toughest markets we have in the world in terms of growth, but in terms of a large change in strategy, no.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Co.: Then switching over to Asia, with the added business of customers, do you need that capacity or make any investment in that market?
Alan Wilson: Only in terms of sales capacity, we continued to de-bottleneck our manufacturing facilities and so were not making a significant capital investment to increase that at this point.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mitch Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott.
Mitch Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott: If I missed this, I apologize, but could you talk about your pricing outlook for the consumer, particularly the U.S. consumer business and the industrial business?
Alan Wilson: Our forecast right now doesnt call for any significant pricing, but, or for any significant changes in input costs. We believe the moderate input cost inflation that well see that will impact the U.S. consumer business in general will be able to offset with productivity and cost savings. Now, if something changes later in the year, well certainly respond to that what were seeing right now is more than 09 pricing environment.
Mitch Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott: So sort of the difference, consumer channel segmentation, is your pricing pressure or mix pressure as results of that in 2010?
Alan Wilson: Weve seen certainly mix pressure in 2009, as weve seen more sales go to our dry seasoning mix products as opposed to our gourmet products. We dont expect a continued shift in that kind of mix. We think, we saw the worst of it in 2009, but we dont expect there to be a lot of need or opportunity for increased pricing or decreased pricing in 2010.
Mitch Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott: Youve had changes in your shelf sets the gravity feeds. That was an initiative I guess, that happened over the last two years. Is there any just seems to lost momentum, or just not a focus or maybe Im wrong, if you could just update us on sort of what youre doing from the in-store merchandising and shelf space.
Alan Wilson: In terms of our shelf, were still very happy with the gravity feed merchandising sets that weve had. They continue to make it easier for the consumer to shop, easier to stock for the retailer, so were still very happy with that. We are continued to focus on finding more opportunities for displays in other parts of the store, have continued to expand our presence in meat sections, with displays and that sort of thing. So theres not a major merchandising initiative this year, other than finding the space and their appropriate merchandising for Recipe Inspirations, which we think is not only going to do very well as a product line itself, but is also going to have a pretty high conversion rate to people buying the bottles for the spices that they find in those packets.
Mitch Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott: Would that be a positive margin mix for you in that trade?
Alan Wilson: Its more of a neutral margin mix. The key thing, though that, were trying to achieve with that is to make it easier for people to continue to cook and discover how easy and great it is with using spice ingredients.
Mitch Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott: Last question is relative to inventories coming out of the holiday cooking season, any comment with regard to that?
Alan Wilson: Yes, we think the in-store inventories at the end of the holiday season were lower this year than they were in past years, and thats just based on our measure of what our factory sales were as compared to what we saw in the measured channels.
Operator: Your final question comes from Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: A couple questions I guess, can I get an explanation as to the difference between the media or sort of brand marketing spending that you referenced in the press release? I think it was $147 million this year versus, say the $57 million or $60 million something million that you I guess put in your 10-K. Wheres the $100 million, or$ 90 million?
Gordon Stetz: One is Tier advertising and one is consumer promotion, but that consumer promotion is not price reduction, as Alan said earlier. Its consumer promotion that goes directly in front of the consumer. So it could be sampling events. It could be feature items, in-store displays, so all of that is right in front of the consumer. Its not price promotion, which would be between gross and net.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: So the $140-something million, thats all a deduction from SG&A?
Gordon Stetz: That is correct. That is all on the SG&A line.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Do you think that because when I look at your, lets say the pure media advertising number that you list, Im not sure what it was for 09, but I only have the 08 number, which was $57 million, right, thats like 3% of your consumer business is sales, which is pretty low the rest of the industry. So do you think that the $140 million is equivalent to what other people listed there advertising in their 8-K, or is it apples-and-oranges? Im trying to gauge?
Gordon Stetz: I dont have a scientific study in front of me here, Eric, but I do know when we looked at that type of disclosure we wanted to make sure we were consisted in the industry. We also wanted to make sure were accurately portraying what our dollars are doing and how theyre working for us. Those dollars that are, what we call consumer promotional dollars are volume driven events that do have a benefit as opposed to some perhaps price reduction, which youll see on the top line in sales. So I would think other food manufacturers would view that similarly. A sampling event or anything thats trying to get the consumer to buy your products should be an SG&A item, so were certainly and form many with GAAP on our disclosure, thats for sure.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: So I guess what Im getting at is, if we assume that its apples-to-apples, your advertising to sales of just the consumer business just seems low relative to the peers and as industrial gets to be a smaller and smaller percentage of the company, it seems to me that ratio is even more important and perhaps that explains why there was some disappointment in the top line in the U.S. business this year.
Gordon Stetz: Yes, your points well taken, Eric, that we still have a relatively low advertising to sales ratio in our consumer business and thats why we continued to try to increase that and get it up to more competitive levels, which I would remind you that we still are about 90% of the share of voice in our category, but on a relative basis to compare to other consumer packaged goods industry, we still are pretty low.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: I guess its pretty concentrated in the third and fourth quarter, too, so maybe its a little bigger percentage, given the seasonality.
Gordon Stetz: Our level of voice in fourth quarter has continued to go up and because thats where we see the biggest impact, but we also spend in first and second quarters, were building behind grilling and the other events. Weve really focused our spending in the last couple years behind grilling and holiday. This year will be a little different, as weve expanded that to support the new product introductions.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Just switching to the CCI program, the productivity efforts, thats also I guess running, youve ramped that up since the restructuring a couple years ago, but similarly compared to some of the peers, its only about, by my estimation right 2% of COGS and, it looks like the peer group is doing much bigger lets say productivity levels. So I wanted you to just kind of touch on that, the benchmark versus the peer group and is it a function of scale that maybe is why General Mills or Kellogg is taking, whatever, 4% to 5% of cogs out every year? What do you think?
Gordon Stetz: Yes, were trying to understand the definition difference between what were calling our costs CCI versus, for instance, General Mills holistic margin management, so that we are capturing and not disadvantaging ourselves. Weve hired actually a consulting firm to help us in, one, making sure that our program is ratcheted up, and were taking out all the costs that we can. Secondly, making sure that our definitions are consistent with what other people in the industry are doing.
Paul Beard: For clarity, Eric, Ive been accused of being a tough grader on this thing. So the only thing that gets in that number has to be supported and documented and has to be a year-over-year benefit that we can count on as a year-to-year change. Things like productivity improvements that releases capacity doesnt get into a CCI number. Although that unleashes a volume opportunity, its not a year-over-year reduction in costs. So thats to Alans point, were still trying to get our arms around our definition relative to others to make sure were not unduly penalizing ourselves in the numbers.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Then last question and Ill pass it on. On the M&A side, I mean I dont remember the company talking so publicly about being so close to M&A and you said, I think the nature to Chris that your assumptions dont include any M&A, but can you kind of go through your financial criteria as to what type of M&A it is going to get done? Does it have to be, I dont know, ROIC accretive in a year or two? Just maybe just go through some of the financial metrics?
Gordon Stetz: Wed like to be EPS accretive by the second full year and EPA positive by the second full year, the way we tent to think about it. The financial change or the accounting changes where we now have to expense deal costs make first year accretion a lot tougher, but we tend to think about it as being accretive by the second year.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: So youre including any deal costs in the dilution in the first year?
Gordon Stetz: Yes.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Is the Board, ambivalent as to whether its equity, or debt, or cash? I mean if one of these families wanted equity with that, is that okay?
Gordon Stetz: Weve not done any equity deals.
Paul Beard: Our preferences for cash or debt deal. I mean, certainly if there was a structure that acquired equity that we felt was the right for our shareholders and right for that deal structure, we would consider it, but our preference is to do cash deals.
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the floor back over to Ms. Brooks for closing comments.
Joyce Brooks: Wed like to thank everyone for participating in todays discussion. Through February 4, you may access the telephone replay of todays call by dialing 877-660-6853. The account number for this replay is 309 and the ID number is 339571. You can also listen to a replay on our website later today. If anyone has additional questions regarding our information, please give me a call at 410-771-7244. This concludes our call.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-09-24 08:00:00) =====
Executives:  Alan Wilson  President & CEO Gordon Stetz  EVP & CFO Paul Beard  SVP Finance & Treasurer Joyce Brooks  VP IR 
Analysts:  Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus  Ken Goldman - JPMorgan  [Eric Sirota]  Consumer Edge  Eric Katzman - Deustche Bank  Mitch Pinheiro - Janney, Montgomery, Scott  
Presentation: 
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to McCormick's third quarter 2009 conference call. (Operator Instructions) It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Joyce Brooks, Vice President, Investor Relations for McCormick. Ms. Brooks, you may begin. 
Joyce Brooks: Good morning to everyone on todays call and to those joining us by webcast. The purpose of our call is to review of McCormick's third quarter financial results and outlook. We have posted a set of slides to accompany todays call at our website, www.ir.mccormick.com.  With me are Alan Wilson, Chairman, President, and CEO; Gordon Stetz, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Paul Beard, Senior Vice President, Finance and Treasurer.  Following our remarks, we look forward to discussing your questions. As a reminder, our presentation today contains projections and other forward-looking statements and actual results could differ materially from those projected. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events, or other factors.  In addition, information we present today, which excludes restructuring charges, as well as unusual items recorded in 2008, are not GAAP measures and we present this information for comparative purposes alongside the most directly comparable GAAP measures.  Reconciliations of GAAP to non-GAAP measures can be found in this mornings press release and in the presentation slides for our call.  It is now my pleasure to turn the discussion over to Gordon for a review of third quarter results.
Gordon Stetz : Thanks Joyce, good morning everyone and welcome to this mornings call. We are pleased to report another quarter of excellent profit growth. On a comparable basis earnings per share rose 14% with an underlying increase in each of our two segments.  On this same basis we achieved an impressive 19% increase in consumer business operating income which was surpassed by a 34% increase in industrial operating income. Together these increases in segment operating income translated to $1.00 increase of more than $20 million in the third quarter.  These profit results were driven largely by sales growth, favorable gross profit margin, and operating cost reductions. Lets take a closer look at sales and then Ill discuss these other factors.  We reported a 1% increase in net sales which in local currency was a 6% increase. As indicated on slide five, about one-half of the increase came from pricing actions and the other half from the combination of volume and product mix.  The increase in volume and mix included a 3.5% benefit from our acquisition strategy. This was largely offset by lower sales volume and product mix in the Europe, Middle East and Africa, EMEA region for the quarter.  For the consumer segment we reported a third quarter increase of 2%. In local currency we grew consumer sales 6%. As indicated on slide six Lawrys drove a large part of the increase and we continued to see a benefit from pricing actions taken in late 2008 and early 2009. In the Americas, consumer sales rose 8% and in local currency grew 9%. Volume and product mix added two-thirds of this increase while pricing contributed one-third of the sales growth. Pricing this quarter reflected a general increase taken early in 2009 which was partially offset by a step-up in our coupon activity in the third quarter.  Incremental sales from Lawrys in June and July added 8% to sales this quarter. Excluding Lawrys the impact of volume and mix was down 2% this quarter following a 2% increase last quarter. For our core items consumer takeaway of our branded items remained strong and in the US is up more than 5% year to date.  We had exceptional growth in sales of Grill Mates as a result of our marketing efforts in the US and Canada, as well as increased sales of our dry seasoning mixes which continued to benefit from a relaunch earlier in 2009 that included reformulation with more natural ingredients.  Some of the items that did not perform as well this quarter were our premium gourmet items and some specialty food items. In addition we had the benefit last year of some new distribution into the dollar store channel. We are looking for stronger sales in the fourth quarter with some incremental marketing support that Alan will discuss.  For our EMEA region, we reported a 13% decline in consumer sales. In local currency sales were down 3%. Pricing actions taken late in 2008 added 1% to sales while volume and product mix declined 4%.  The retail environment in the UK continues to be challenging and affected our third quarter sales in this market. Our business in France is still strong, particularly with our Vahine dessert items which will be supported with incremental brand marketing in the fourth quarter.  In the Asia Pacific region we reported a 4% decline in sales. However in local currency third quarter sales grew 5% with one-half of the increase from higher volume and product mix and one-half from pricing actions.  As I noted last quarter we have launched several new products in China and are expanding distribution of our brand into 10 additional cities in 2009 bringing the total to 56 cities in that country. This is in addition to distribution gains underway in 1,500 addition street markets this year.  Industrial business sales rose 1% in the quarter and when foreign currency exchange rates are excluded, we increased sales 7%. As shown on slide 10, 4% of the increase was added by our pricing actions and 3% from favorable volume and product mix.  In the Americas, industrial sales rose 4% and grew 7% in local currency. Compared to a year ago, certain material cost increases are being recovered through our pass through pricing mechanisms for this business which added 3% to third quarter sales.  Volume and product mix added another 4% with one-third from Lawrys and two-thirds from our base business which included sales of several new seasoning products for quick service restaurants. Industrial sales for EMEA declined 10% but rose 8% in local currency.  This increase was the result of significant pricing actions taken to reflect higher input costs for this part of our business. Sales volume to quick service restaurants rose this quarter but was more then offset by lower sales of our branded products to food service operators that have seen more of a slowdown in this economy.  This led to a 3% decline in volume and product mix. In the Asia Pacific region industrial business sales rose 1% and 6% in local currency. The increase was driven by favorable volume and product mix primarily due to strong sales to quick service restaurants in China, Australia, and other markets in this region.  Looking back on sales for the quarter we had a strong benefit from Lawrys in some areas of solid growth, while other parts of the business remain under pressure. As we look below the top line, it is clear that our actions to manage costs throughout the organization continue to be an important driver of profit as well as the fuel for our increased marketing.  Gross profit this quarter rose 80 basis points due in part to our move toward a more favorable business mix including the addition of Lawrys. Our margin improvement is also being driven by our comprehensive continuous improvement program, CCI, as well as our restructuring actions and discretionary cost controls throughout our operations.  Year to date, gross profit margin is now 60 basis points ahead of the comparable period in 2008. Turning to slide 15, our progress with CCI and cost controls goes beyond cost of goods sold and enables us to reduce our selling, general and administrative expenses.  We have also accomplished the integration of Lawrys with few incremental costs. Other factors favorably affecting SG&A this quarter were lower distribution costs, and favorable benefit expenses. As a result SG&A in the third quarter was 25.5% of net sales, a decrease of 180 basis points from the year ago period. This decrease of 180 basis points is net of a 30 basis point increase from higher marketing spending.  In the third quarter we added $2.4 million of support behind our brands. As a reminder, this increase followed $6.8 million of incremental spending added in the third quarter of 2008. Year to date in 2009, we have increased marketing by 15% to support Lawrys as well as our other leading brands.  Operating income was $117 million. On a comparable basis excluding restructuring charges, we increased operating income 22% in the third quarter versus the year ago period. On this same basis, operating income for the consumer business rose 19% to $89 million.  For the industrial business operating income of $28.5 million was up an impressive 34% from $21.3 million in the third quarter of 2008. If you recall industrial profit in the third quarter in 2008 was unfavorably impacted by lower volumes to restaurant customers. But the increase in 2009 also compares favorably to $23 million of income in 2007.  Our tax rate for the quarter at 30.8%, included an underlying rate of 32% as well as favorable discrete tax items. This underlying tax rate of 32% reflects our current mix of business, and is more than our 2000 rate of 31%. It is also higher then our 2009 guidance of 31%, and is the rate we believe will apply to our business moving into 2010. Income from unconsolidated operations this quarter was $3.1 million, down $2.2 million from the third quarter of 2008. This was a decline in income from our unconsolidated business in Mexico, as well as some smaller joint ventures. Our joint venture in Mexico has actually performed very well this year when measured in local currency. We have had a double-digit increase in profit even with higher soybean oil cost through the first three quarters.  Sales for this business are up significantly in 2009 with share gains in the mayonnaise category. However the 30% devaluation in the Mexican peso has adversely impacted our reported income from unconsolidated operations.  For the third quarter we reported earnings per share of $0.57 compared to $0.52 last year. In the third quarter of 2008 we recorded restructuring charges and unusual items related to the Lawrys acquisition including the gain on the sale of Season-All. These adjustments had a net favorable impact on EPS of $0.02 a share.  On a comparable basis EPS increased 14% or $0.07 to $0.57 from $0.50. Higher operating income added $0.11 per share offset in part by $0.02 from lower income from unconsolidated operations, $0.01 from the higher tax rate, and $0.01 from lower interest income.  Before I turn it over to Alan, Ill comment briefly on the balance sheet and third quarter cash flow and refer you to slide 18. We are managing our business for cash and our second year of McCormick profit are seeing great results.  With McCormick profit we reward our business leaders not only for strong operating income but also for their management of working capital. For the first three quarters cash flow from operations reached $195.1 million, an increase of $79.8 million from the first three quarters of 2008.  This increase has been driven by higher net income, including the positive impact of Lawrys, as well as effective working capital management. Both days sales outstanding and inventory turns improved from a year ago.  We initially set a goal for a three to five day reduction in our cash conversion cycle and through the first three quarters have been tracking towards the higher end of this range. Cash flow from operations includes a year to date $35 million increase in our US pension contributions.  Any further contributions to this plan in 2009 will be minimal. As for pension expense, we first indicated back in January both in our remarks and our financial reporting our pension expense is favorable in 2009, as it was based on a September 30, 2008 measurement date but we expect this expense to increase in 2010. Pension expense for 2010 has been getting some attention from investors so let me comment a bit further. A big factor in the actuarial determination of this expense for 2010 will be the discount rate which will be based on rates at November 30, 2009.  We fully expect the discount rate at this date to be below the discount rate applied at the last measurement date. A lower market value of assets will also affect this calculation. Because we are still two months away, it is still too soon to know the exact amount of our 2010 pension expense for our US and non-US plans.  However, based on current conditions the projected increase would have an EPS impact in a $0.05 to $0.07 range. Keep in mind that any increase in pension expense is a non-cash item. Ill conclude my comments on the balance sheet and cash flow by pointing to our great progress with debt reduction.  As you know our primary use of cash during 2009 has been the reduction of debt from the Lawrys acquisition. Our debt net of cash is approximately down $200 million from this time a year ago.  At this point Id like to thank everyone for their attention and turn it over to Alan.
Alan Wilson : Thanks Gordon and Id like to add my welcome to those on todays call. The environment we are in continues to be challenging and many consumers around the world remain under pressure. We are compelled to remain agile in identifying and pursuing growth opportunities and vigilant in managing our costs.  With this backdrop, we were very pleased with our financial performance in the third quarter. As you might expect with our [breadth] of products and customers, there are areas of strong performance as well as parts of our business where improvement is still needed.  Our sales and profit in Europe continue to suffer from the difficult economy in our major markets, particularly the United Kingdom. Across most of our global markets, our industrial business has worked with quick service restaurants to grow sales but has seen continued softness in sales to other food service channels and a slowdown in the pace of new product launches with food manufacturers.  And our income from unconsolidated operations reduced profit this quarter. Outweighing these challenges was an underlying strength in the business. An important factor in our success this year has been Lawrys.  Taking a look at slide 20, its been one year since we completed this acquisition and with excellent planning and strong execution across our operations, the integration is complete. Weve had a successful launch of new products and a great start to our marketing campaign.  This business has been integrated with very little incremental costs and has boosted both gross profit and operating income margins. Weve also benefited from lower interest rates on the acquisition debt in the last 12 months.  By any number of metrics, Lawrys has not only been our largest acquisition but one of our most successful. Another factor driving our performance that was evident again this quarter was effective cost management.  Our employees have been diligent in reducing costs throughout the business. This is demonstrated by our improvement in gross profit margin and our SG&A. We are currently tracking ahead of our $30 million goal for 2009 and now expect to reach about $35 million in cost savings.  Our CCI program is a large driver of this performance as well as expense reductions from our restructuring program. Lower costs and improved margins are providing the fuel for increased brand marketing support.  On slide 22 I want to share with you the latest ROI measurements just received for our US business. We continue to see returns above industry averages for various types of media and are encouraged by the success of our marketing programs.  Since 2003 weve increased our brand marketing by more than 50%. For 2009 including Lawrys, we plan to invest an additional $20 million in marketing and by year-end will have reached or exceeded this target.  We are positioned for a strong sales performance in the fourth quarter. With print, TV, and interactive media, this will be our largest holiday campaign yet in the US, which will include our first ever holiday flavor forecast.  We have additional spending planned for Simply Asia and Zatarains in the US, our Vahine line in France, and some new products in China. Together, Lawrys, lower cost, and brand support have led to a solid performance through our first three quarters.  Year to date sales are up 7% in local currency, gross profit margin has improved 60 basis points, and we have increased earnings per share by 10% on a comparable basis. If you turn to slide 25, Id like to provide an update to our financial outlook for the fiscal year.  At the top line, we are reaffirming a sales growth of 2% to 3% which includes the impact of unfavorable currency rates. We now expect to reduce costs by $35 million and expect at least 50 basis points of gross profit margin improvement.  Incremental brand marketing of at least $20 million will provide support for our 2009 sales growth objective and build some early momentum heading into 2010. Taking into account all of these factors, weve narrowed our range for 2009 earnings per share to $2.26 to $2.28 which excluding a projected impact of $0.05 of restructuring charges, is an 8% to 9% EPS increase on a comparable basis with 2008. Looking ahead to 2010, were still developing our budget and are not yet prepared to set our objectives. But Id like to share a few preliminary remarks on slide 27. With the integration of Lawrys complete, and the conclusion of our restructuring program, we are focused on growth, with product innovation, marketing programs and expanded distribution as well as further progress with our CCI program.  As Gordon explained, pension expense will be a headwind next year. We are also considering a further step-up in brand marketing for 2010. We believe that with consumers eating more at home, we have a unique opportunity to introduce new product concepts that provide both value and convenience and to support these launches with a comprehensive marketing program.  Following strong test market results this year, well be launching two new product lines in the US in 2010; Perfect Pinch and Recipe Inspirations. Perfect Pinch makes it easy for consumers to explore new flavors and create inspired meals, and its priced right at just below $3.00. A number of salt free blends are included in the 18 varieties. Recipe Inspirations are an ideal compliment to Perfect Pinch for consumers who are more comfortable measuring out their ingredients and following a recipe.  These products offer premeasured spices and herbs and a collectible recipe card. With six varieties including garlic and lime fajitas and apple and sage pork chops, Recipe Inspirations are a twist on the familiar and a solid value with a price just below $2.00.  Other products recently launched are ready for 2010 include our Patissierie Vahine baking mixes in France, [Aeroplaine] Gelatin Create-a-Jelly in Australia, and Honey Jams in China, which feature honey as a natural sweetener and can be used as a spread or in tea. Were very excited about these products and other marketplace opportunities ahead of us and we look forward to completing our budget process, setting financial goals for 2010 and sharing these with you in a few more months.  Let me summarize, Im proud of our performance. We have achieved excellent results through the third quarter and believe we are positioned for a strong holiday period and 2009 is shaping up to be another year of record financial results for McCormick.  Id like to conclude my remarks by recognizing the employees of McCormick. We have faced a number of challenges in a turbulent environment and a difficult economy. To address these challenges employees in each operating unit have been diligent in managing costs and cash.  In markets around the world we have demonstrated an ability to identify and develop opportunities for growth in todays marketplace with new products, effective marketing, and business expansion. Our employees, our market position, and our passion for flavor, give me confidence that we will continue to build value for McCormick shareholders. Now as we move into Q&A, Id like to address the most frequent question that weve been getting from investors for the past year concerning the spice category in Wal-Mart. In a limited number of stores, Wal-Mart will be testing a category solution which expands private label to core [A&C] spices with no duplication by McCormick or other regional brands for these items.  In a similar number of stores, Wal-Mart will test a total McCormick solution with no private label and a third set of stores will test a set primarily with McCormick and very limited private label. We wouldnt normally discuss this level of detail concerning any of our customers, but theres been so much attention on this that we want to provide as much clarity as possible to our investors.  We will limit our comments on this test, but Id like to add that we expect no significant impact to our financial results during the tests. We welcome this opportunity to optimize our category with Wal-Mart as we do with all of our customers.  Spices and seasonings are one of the most profitable categories for our customers in grocery. McCormick has been the leader in this category for decades, driving growth, innovation, superior merchandising, and bringing consumers aisle with advertising.  Id now like to take your questions on our results from a strong third quarter.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus 
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus : I just had two questions for you, the first one just as I was looking at SG&A and it being down so dramatically or so meaningfully this year, at least as a percentage of sales, I wonder if you could speak more about that. I know you have cost savings coming through but as I balance that against the incremental marketing, I was surprised by the degree of the decline in SG&A. And I guess related to that, when you say consumer marketing and some of that going into promotion or things that would be netted against the top line, maybe thats why Im not seeing it all come through that line. 
Alan Wilson : The consumer promotion spend that we have, some of it is certainly going to consumer advertising, some of it is going to more value promotion which would be a reduction in net sales. So what youre seeing with our spend is pretty pure on the SG&A line.  Now we have had very good results in terms of managing our costs this year. We also have the leverage of Lawrys because we added virtually no SG&A as we brought Lawrys in, other then the incremental advertising. 
Gordon Stetz : Id just like to add, its obviously the Lawrys impact which weve talked about previously, distribution expenses are also a factor that we mentioned. Weve had some favorability in some employee benefits so all of those factors have contributed to improved SG&A margin. 
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus : Okay, and then related to the consumer division in the Americas, with volume down in the quarter, given the at home eating trend, I was surprised by that. I guess, is that something where you see a need to increase your spending as well, whether its promotion or its consumer based marketing. I know you have some new products coming out that look pretty exciting, but just curious how you look at that volume decline in the quarter. 
Alan Wilson : Were certainly not happy with the volume, what we are seeing is that our overall volume sales are not keeping track with what were seeing from a consumer takeaway in the measured channels that we can follow.  So thats why we feel relatively good about our fourth quarter but I would add that last year in the third quarter our volumes were up 4%. Some of that was pipeline fill for sales to a couple of dollar retailers where we increased distribution, which didnt repeat this year. 
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus : And then have you given a cost saving figure for 2010 as well, I dont recall if youve given that or not. 
Alan Wilson : No, we havent laid that out yet. Were still compiling our budgets and putting everything together but we would expect to do that with our fourth quarter call. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Goldman - JPMorgan 
Ken Goldman - JPMorgan : Thanks for the color on both Wal-Mart and pensions, I think just any insight there that you provided will take some overhang away from the stocks and I appreciate that. My question is on discounting, and its not just for you but for food companies in general, Im curious how you think about that because were in a period where list prices havent gone down as much as some had feared. But food manufacturers are starting to spend against discounting couponing, whatever the action is. How long do you think that is, how long are you comfortable discounting in general before youre starting to worry about the brand equity. It hasnt been that long ago that weve seen some other companies in other categories discount too much and hurt the brand equities. So Im just curious how you balance that out and your strategy when you think about returning some value to the retailer and to the consumer. 
Alan Wilson : What were trying to do is make sure that the value gets in the hands of the consumer and then in store respond with merchandising so that theres kind of a 360 degree to bring consumers to the shelf in a time when theres a lot of uncertainty.  Weve been doing that for most of this year as we headed into a tough economy. It has been working through the first part of the year. We want to make sure that we continue to provide that value for consumers in the fourth quarter of this year as well as we will into next year.  And well keep evaluating the return and how thats working for us. So Id say I think its going to be with us for a while especially because unlike some of our other food industry compatriots, were competing almost primarily with private label and so what we want to do is make sure that our price gaps as the consumer actually buys them are reasonable, and the consumer doesnt have a reason to go other places. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of [Eric Sirota]  Consumer Edge 
[Eric Sirota]  Consumer Edge : Just wanted to follow-up on Chris question regarding volume growth in the Americas, it looks like volumes are down about 2% ex Lawrys, you highlighted that the real weakness was in the gourmet and some of the other premium lines and that things like dry seasoning mixes and Grill Mates were up, I guess my question is given the relative size of the gourmet and some of the premium lines that you called out that were weak, I wouldnt expect it to have such a pronounced impact on the volume number. So was, how was I guess the mainstream portfolio of core spices and seasonings performing from a volume mix standpoint in the quarter. 
Alan Wilson : Let me start with the one and then well get at it, first off its volume and mix not just pure volume so while our dry seasoning mix is up pretty substantially it doesnt offset the dollar sales impact of say gourmet spices. Gourmet spices at retail tend to be about $4.00 a unit, whereas dry seasoning mixes tend to be about $0.70 to $0.80.  And so while the actual physical volume may be up, its the combination of volume mix that is down and something that we are not, that we want to continue to drive. We stated in an earlier quarter we are trying to sell what consumers want to buy and theyre finding the lower price points of dry seasoning mixes to be a value.  Thats something were going to drive and get in their hands. In terms of the core volumes, its responding not as robustly at in consumer sales as it is in the actual takeaway. So were still seeing healthy volume growth at retail, it just hasnt translated as strongly into what were seeing in our overall sales. Although again Id remind you that were heading into our fourth quarter when core spices are by far the largest selling items. 
Joyce Brooks: Another factor in that that Alan mentioned earlier is the distribution we had last year into the two new value priced retailers that were going up against this year.
Alan Wilson : And those were all core spices. 
[Eric Sirota]  Consumer Edge : And to follow-up along those lines, you mentioned that overall consumer takeaway in core spices was above your reported sales numbers which would mean that there was I suppose some [drop down] in retailer inventories. Is that relative to a year ago, is that a fair assumption or is that a fair conclusion and whats your assumption with respect to retailer inventories as we get into the critical selling season and its very narrow window that retailers have to sell in this very high margin category for them. 
Alan Wilson : I think most retailers have been pretty up front about the fact that they are growing their sales a lot faster then theyre growing their inventories and weve seen it in a number of recent reports. The fourth quarter for us is so important, not just for us but for the retailer because again it is very high margin and weve tracked our plans and our shipments of the holiday merchandising programs, a lot of the product that we sell in the fourth quarter goes through on displays, and it looks very positive at this point. We have an all out effort on making sure that the retailers have what they need for the consumers when they come to buy their holiday spices. 
[Eric Sirota]  Consumer Edge : And did you quantify how much pension was up in fiscal, or should be up for all of fiscal 2009.
Gordon Stetz : Its actually a favorable this year, its actually a favorable this year.  
[Eric Sirota]  Consumer Edge :  Right, how much the favorable benefit was this year. 
Gordon Stetz : We did not quantify it. Thats disclosed in our Q and its been running, Id call it maybe roughly a favorability of about $2 million to $2.5 million a quarter. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Katzman - Deustche Bank 
Eric Katzman - Deustche Bank : I guess my question, let me first touch on the cash flows and the balance sheet, yes you have pension going up next year, but youve been taking your cash flow and paying down debt post the Lawrys deal. My calculation suggests youre now down to about 2x net debt to EBITDA. Do you see a more aggressive share repurchase program or is the priority on cash flow going to be towards debt pay down. 
Alan Wilson : Our priority is still going to be on debt pay down through next year. 
Eric Katzman - Deustche Bank : And then in terms of the business, I guess you threw up some slides there on ROI with regard to advertising and I guess with the volume numbers being through this year relative to I think you said double-digit increase in advertising, its not clear to me that youre getting such a great ROI, at least maybe thats the difference between the shipments and the off take, but maybe you could go a little bit more into that as to why youre so comfortable that the ROI is good. 
Alan Wilson : Part of the incremental spend is Lawrys. So, and were just starting to see the impact of that. But based on the marketing mix analysis that weve been doing consistently for the last seven or eight years, its still showing that were getting the ROI and wed see that again in the consumer takeaway. 
Eric Katzman - Deustche Bank : And then on the industrial side of the business, I guess theres been some mixed signals between companies. Some of them are saying that theyve seen a stabilization, some are still seeing weakness spreading into QSR, while others have seen maybe even a little bit of a pick up, you have a pretty broad based view there. Can you just talk about the food service component and what you see of late. 
Alan Wilson : Were not seeing a broad recovery in overall food service. Were benefiting from some specific wins with customers on some new initiatives that have been very successful. So I wouldnt necessarily read it that the food service business has 100% recovered based on the fact that we had pretty good sales. Ours were specific products that were impactful for significant customers. Its kind of like the discussion that weve had over the last couple of years where if McDonalds for instance is winning because theyre selling more coffee, it doesnt necessarily help us. In this case I wouldnt necessarily translate into overall success in the broad food service industry.  But weve been successful with some new products that have done very well. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mitch Pinheiro - Janney, Montgomery, Scott 
Mitch Pinheiro - Janney, Montgomery, Scott : On the industrial side, its a pass through type of pricing mechanism, what are the expectations for the fourth quarter on the industrial side. 
Alan Wilson : Its going to be a function of our customers products and promotions I guess is the best way to describe it. Are you talking in terms of pricing or just
Mitch Pinheiro - Janney, Montgomery, Scott : Pricing. 
Alan Wilson : Commodities have moderated but were looking out a little ahead, were not as close in so pricing, well be passing through decreased pricing as the coverage rolls off and we replace it with lower cost coverage. On the whole, were seeing some decent signs of life again in our overall industrial customer mix but not, its still not as robust as we would like to see. Well see some continual pricing downward as commodities go down. 
Mitch Pinheiro - Janney, Montgomery, Scott : But is this sort of on a lag basis, is that correct. Maybe a three to six month lag.
Alan Wilson : No its not the lag that it was before, but what you may be seeing is a lag because of coverage positions. Were actually passing through the actual commodity positions on major commodities that were taking with customers.
Mitch Pinheiro - Janney, Montgomery, Scott : And then, when you look at the Americas, the volume decline, product mix, how does your dry seasoning mix and the gourmet spices performance compare to the category. 
Alan Wilson : Weve gained market share in dry seasoning mix, gourmet is down significantly so but I wouldnt necessarily say weve lost share in gourmet spices. We dont necessarily break out the separate gourmet category. Weve held share overall in spices, but in gourmet the switch has been more from the premium products to more of the every day products. 
Mitch Pinheiro - Janney, Montgomery, Scott : And has there been, how has private label done in those two categories. 
Alan Wilson :  Private label is largely not playing in the premium category. There certainly some customers who have differentiated private label so theres a few there and Id say its not substantial enough to really even talk about.  Private label in general has grown this year but what weve seen in the last couple of periods is a reduction in the growth rate. Theyre still growing and theyre still gaining, private label is still gaining share, but its not as strong as the share gains that we saw early in the year. 
Mitch Pinheiro - Janney, Montgomery, Scott : Also I would assume its fairly logical and consistent with prior periods, but in terms of channel mix, in terms of where your volumes, are you still, has anything changed there. 
Alan Wilson : Volume growth is still stronger in the unmeasured markets then it is in the measured markets, but still grocery is a significant percentage of our overall US consumer business. 
Operator: There are no additional questions at this time; I would like to turn it back over to management for any additional or closing comments. 
Joyce Brooks: Thank you for joining our call today. If you have any other questions for us, you can call me at 410-771-7244. A replay of the call will be available early this afternoon at our website, www.ir.mccormick.com. Thank you joining us today.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-06-25 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Joyce Brooks - Vice President, Investor Relations Gordon M. Stetz Jr. - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President Alan D. Wilson - Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Office Paul C. Beard - Senior Vice President - Finance, Treasurer
Analysts:  Rob Moskow - Credit Suisse Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus Eric Sarota - Consumer Edge Alton Stump - Longbow Research Ann Gurkin - Davenport Mitch Pinheiro - Janney, Montgomery, Scott Andrew Lazar - Barclays 
Operator:  Greetings, and welcome to McCormick's second quarter 2009 conference call. (Operator Instructions) It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Joyce Brooks, Vice President, Investor Relations for McCormick. Thank you, Ms. Brooks. You may begin. 
Joyce Brooks: Good morning to everyone joining us today by phone and webcast for a review of McCormick's second quarter financial results and outlook. We have posted a set of slides to accompany todays call at our website, ir.mccormick.com.  With me today are Alan Wilson, Chairman, President, and CEO; Gordon Stetz, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Paul Beard, Senior Vice President, Finance and Treasurer.  Following our remarks, we look forward to discussing your questions. Please note that during the course of this conference call, we may make projections or other forward-looking statements and actual result could differ materially from those projected. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events, or other factors.  In addition, information we present today, which excludes restructuring charges and credits, as well as unusual items recorded in 2008, are not GAAP measures and we present this information for comparative purposes alongside the most directly comparable GAAP measures.  Reconciliations of GAAP to non-GAAP measures can be found in this mornings press release and in the presentation slides for our call.  It is now my pleasure to turn the discussion over to Gordon. 
Gordon M. Stetz Jr.: Thanks, Joyce. Good morning, everyone and welcome to this mornings call. We are very pleased with our financial results for the second quarter of 2009. There were areas of strength throughout our business in sales growth, margin improvement, and asset management. This strength more than offset our increased investment behind our brands, as well as an unexpected bankruptcy cost. As a result, our profits were ahead of expectation for the second quarter and right in line with our full-year growth objective.  I will review our financial results for the quarter and then pass it to Alan for his comments on the business and our latest outlook.  We achieved second quarter earnings per share of $0.38. On a non-GAAP basis excluding restructuring charges, earnings per share in 2009 were $0.42. This was a 7.7% increase from an adjusted EPS of $0.39 in the second quarter of 2008, and is squarely within our 7% to 9% 2009 target range for EPS growth.  The profit result was driven largely by sales growth, favorable gross profit margin, and operating cost reductions. Lets take a closer look at sales and then I will discuss these other drivers.  Sales for the quarter declined 0.9%, including an 8.3% unfavorable impact from currency. In local currency, we grew sales 7.4%. As indicated on slide 5, we realized 4.5% from pricing actions and the combination of volume and product mix added 2.9%. The increase in volume and mix includes a 5.4% benefit from our acquisition strategy. This was largely offset by lower sales in the Europe, Middle East and Africa -- EMEA region -- for the quarter.  For the consumer segment, we reported a second quarter increase of 4.2%. In local currency, we grew consumer sales 11.6%. As indicated on slide 6, Lawrys drove a large part of the increase and we continue to have a benefit from pricing actions taken in late 2008 and early in 2009.  In the Americas, consumer sales rose 16.1% and in local currency grew an impressive 18.6%. Volume and product mix added 14.8%, while pricing contributed 3.8% to sales growth. Pricing this quarter reflected a general increase taken early in 2009, which was partially offset by a step-up in our coupon activity in the second quarter.  A number of factors drove the double-digit increase in volume and product mix. First is Lawrys, which added 13.3% to consume sales in the Americas. With the integration of this business nearly complete, sales for this business are slightly ahead of target through the first half of 2009. We have reached our distribution objectives for the three new products and midway through the quarter began to support these products and the broader line with a comprehensive marketing program.  Second, sales volume of our dry seasoning mixes grew at a double-digit pace in the quarter. This is being driven by a revitalization program that includes product reformulation with more natural ingredients, improved packaging, and incremental marketing support. These convenient and affordable products fit well with the way consumers are currently shopping and preparing meals.  Third, our sales and marketing teams had great execution at the start of the grilling season with double-digit increases in sales of Grill Mates in the U.S. and La Grille in Canada. Finally, unit volumes of spices and seasoning rose in the second quarter as retail inventory reductions abated and the Easter holiday drove sales of extracts and other branded products.  While not all consumer products in the Americas had these strong increases, such as the premium gourmet items we mentioned last quarter, we were very pleased with these results. For our Europe, Middle East, and Africa region, we reported a 20.6% decline in consumer sales. In local currency, sales were down 3.4%. Following a 2% increase in the first quarter, our year-to-date consumer sales in EMEA are down about 1% through the first half.  The retail environment in the U.K. continues to be challenging and affected our second quarter sales in this market. We are encouraged that category sales remain positive and appear to be benefiting toward from the trend toward eating at home. We are directing our marketing support to emphasize the value of our brands to consumers with an aggressive increase of promotion and couponing in the U.K.  Our sales volume in France rose again this quarter and included the benefit of new distribution of our [new crow] brand with the value-priced retailer, as we announced last quarter. Our [inaudible] line of dessert products continues to perform well in France as more consumers cook at home.  Across our markets in Europe, we are also communicating a help message for our super spices and herbs and have launched our freshness program to drive volume.  In the Asia-Pacific region, we reported a 6.3% decline in sales; however, in local currency, second quarter sales grew 8.2%, largely from higher volume and product mix. In China, we have launched several new products and expanded distribution of our brand into 10 additional cities in 2009, bringing the total cities to 56. This is in addition to distribution gains underway in 1500 additional street markets this year.  In Australia, our major market -- our other major market, we continued to have success with sales of slow cooker seasonings, which have increased with the beginning of this years winter season.  While we reported a second quarter decline of 7% in industrial business sales, when foreign currency exchange rates are excluded, we increase sales 2.5%. As shown on slide 10, 5.7% pricing more than offset a 3.2% reduction in volume and product mix.  In the Americas, industrial sales rose 0.8% and grew 5.6% in local currency. Compared to a year ago, we still have a number of high material costs and continue to recover those costs with our pass-through pricing mechanisms for this business, which added 6.1% in the second quarter.  Volume and product mix was down slightly with a 0.5% decline.  Positives this quarter include a 2.1% increase from Lawrys, as well as higher sales of snack seasonings and several new seasoning products for quick service restaurants which hit the market this period. These increases were offset in part by lower sales of bulk spices and other food ingredients and weak sales to food service distributors, which service higher-end restaurants in addition to smaller operators and institutions.  Industrial sales for EMEA declined 28.3% and were down 3.2% in local currency. The impact of currency is particularly significant as this business is largely based in the U.K.  As in the Americas, pricing was an important component of our sales growth in EMEA, adding 7.1% this quarter. This offset in part a 10.3% decline in volume and product mix, which resulted from lower sales to U.K. food service customers. These lower sales were largely due to the bankruptcy of our primary U.K. food service distributor, as well as a general slow-down in consumers eating out.  This bankruptcy occurred in May and we have responded quickly. We are currently supplying our spices and seasonings directly to many of our major customers. Our sales of customized products to quick service restaurants were more favorable. As in the Americas, consumers who choose to eat out are seeking relative value compared to other restaurant formats.  In the Asia-Pacific region, industrial business sales declined 14.7% and 6.3% in local currency due to lower volume and product mix. Solid growth in the first quarter was followed by a second quarter decline, which occurred primarily in China.  In the second quarter of 2008, restaurant customers in China began to promote heavily around the Olympics, which lifted sales for a number of our products, creating a tough comparison for this year.  We remain excited about our long-term prospects for industrial growth in China, even though the pace may moderate a bit, given the current economy.  Looking back on sales for the quarter, we had a strong benefit from Lawrys, some exceptional areas of growth, a few challenges, and some tough comparisons. Our actions to manage costs throughout the organization were key to offsetting significant issues and funding increased marketing.  Our success is evident as we look at the rest of the income statement, beginning with gross profit margin. Early in 2009, we set a goal to increase profit margin at least 50 basis points. In the second quarter, gross profit margin rose 90 basis points and year-to-date, the increase is 50 basis points. In the next few quarters, we expect to see continued increases in our gross profit margin, driven by our comprehensive, continuous improvement program, our restructuring actions, discretionary cost controls throughout our operations, and our move toward a more favorable business mix.  Our progress with CCI and cost controls was illustrated by the reduction in our selling, general, and administrative expenses as a percent of net sales. In the second quarter of 2009, our SG&A was 28.1% of sales compared to 29.1% in the year-ago period. This reduction was net of a $10.3 million increase in marketing support, up 33%, as well as $7 million of costs related to the bankruptcy of our U.K. food service distributor.  The underlying decrease in SG&A reflects our efforts to manage expense, improve productivity, and integrate the Lawrys business with few incremental operating expenses.  The second quarter decrease also included reductions in incentive compensation expense and stock-based compensation expense when compared to the year-ago period.  Turning to slide 15, operating income was $82.5 million. On a comparable basis excluding restructuring charges and credits, we increased operating income 15.5%.  On the same basis, operating income for the consumer business rose 28.5% to $71.7 million, an increase that included higher marketing support.  For the industrial business, operating income of $17.7 million was down $3.9 million from the second quarter of 2008. If not for the costs associated with the bankruptcy, profit would have increased $3.1 million, or 14%.  Our tax rate for the quarter at 33.7% was above our guidance of 31% for the year and includes a discrete adjustment for taxes in prior years. With a favorable adjustment recorded in the first quarter, our year-to-date tax rate is 30.8%.  We had indicated in our initial guidance for 2009 that income from unconsolidated operations, and specifically our joint venture in Mexico, would be weaker in the first part of the year and then begin to improve. Following a $2.1 million decline in the first quarter of 2009, we recorded a decline of $0.5 million in the second quarter. Our joint venture in Mexico continues to be adversely affected by the Peso devaluation; however the impact of soybean oil on the mayonnaise business has begun to improve and sales for the business have been robust with a 25% increase in the second quarter. We are happy with this result but remain cautious regarding the impact of the economy in Mexico.  For the second quarter, we reported earnings per share of $0.38 compared to $0.41 last year. Excluding the impact of restructuring charges and credits, on a comparable basis EPS increased to $0.42 from $0.39. The increase was $0.03, or 7.7%.  Higher operating income added $0.06 per share, partially offset by $0.01 of higher interest expense and $0.02 from the higher tax rate. As I stated earlier, this is right on track with our 2009 profit objective.  Before I turn it over to Alan, Ill comment briefly on the balance sheet and second quarter cash flow and refer you to slide 18.  For the first half, cash flow from operations reached $96.7 million versus $92.7 million in the prior year. If youll recall, cash flow from operations was down by $37.6 million in the first quarter and was followed by a $41.6 million increase this quarter. The increase this quarter was due in part to lower receivables and inventory and was net of a $20 million contribution in pension.  Both day sales outstanding and inventory turns improved from a year ago.  Employees in operations around the world continue to focus on asset management and given our year-to-date progress, we are on track to deliver a three to five days reduction in our cash conversion cycle in 2009. This follows a five-day decrease accomplished in 2008.  The $20 million incremental U.S. pension contribution in the second quarter has been followed by a $12 million contribution in mid-June, bringing our year-to-date incremental contributions to this plan close to $35 million. At this time, we expect that any further contributions to this plan in 2009 to be less than $5 million.  As stated previously, our primary use of cash during 2009 has been the reduction of debt from acquisitions, with the goal of returning our debt ratios to pre-acquisition levels in 2010. We continue to maintain a strong balance sheet and the financial discipline that is particularly important in this environment.  That completes my remarks on our second quarter financial results and I would now like to turn it over to Alan. 
Alan D. Wilson: Thank, Gordon and good morning to everyone on the call. Our second quarter financial results are a good indication of our ability to navigate this difficult global economy and continue to generate solid financial results. We were pleased to report a 7% increase in constant currency sales, a strong 90-basis point increase in gross profit margin, and an 8% increase in EPS on a comparable basis. While a number of factors are driving our performance, I want to highlight four this morning, beginning on slide 21.  The first is Lawrys. The acquisition of Lawrys has been an important part of our financial performance. As Gordon indicated, our new products are on the shelves and consumers are hearing our marketing message that emphasizes the brands wide variety of ethnic flavors. Initial results indicate that our new marketing program is right on target. Including the new reduced sodium version, consumer unit purchases of Lawrys season salt rose at a mid-single-digit rate for the last 13 weeks, and a high-single-digit rate for the latest four-week period when our marketing programs really kicked in.  Also benefiting from new flavors in television advertising, consumer purchases of our Lawrys marinades showed a double-digit increase in the most recent four weeks. With few incremental costs, this business is delivering the sales, margin, and profit accretion goals we set forth nearly a year ago.  Another factor driving our performance that was evident again this quarter is effective cost management. Ongoing volatility in input cost is being addressed through our pass-through industrial pricing mechanisms and earlier pricing actions for our consumer businesses. Across both businesses, pricing actions added 4.5% to top line growth.  We are also working hard at cost reductions throughout our business -- most noteworthy is a significant reduction in our operating costs for the past few quarters and progress toward our $30 million goal for 2009. Our CCI program is a large driver of this performance, as well as cost reductions from our restructuring program. Under this program, we recently announced the consolidation of our manufacturing operations in The Netherlands, with our primary consumer production facilities in France.  These lower costs are providing the fuel for increased brand marketing support have also provided an offset to headwinds in a difficult economy. A third factor I want to mention is the emphasis across our organization on goals and performance. You can see this in our working capital management and our ability to contain costs. Its also evident in our retail placement of new products and the launch of marketing programs that resonate with consumers. Our employees have developed new products for strategic industrial customers that are helping them build sales in a tough environment, and weve expanded our retail footprint into more cities and retail formats within China.  Another recent example I want to point out is our U.K. employee quick response to the food service situation. By mid-June, we were servicing the majority of our customers with a direct supply of product.  The fourth and last factor is our leading brands and growing categories. As most of you are well aware, McCormick has a leading position in our primary markets. Weve expanded into additional retail channels in the past 12 months and we are a leading supplier of private label in North America.  As noted on slide 24, consumer interest in spices and seasonings continues to grow. We believe this is a result of more consumers eating at home, as well as the marketing, innovation, and improved merchandising which is being driven by McCormick. We will undoubtedly face further challenges in the second half of 2009 and into 2010 but we believe our brands, our strategy, and our team have us positioned to succeed in growing our business.  If you turn to slide 25, Ill wrap up our remarks with a look at our current financial outlook.  When we first gave guidance in January, we indicated that profit in the first half of the year would be under pressure from currency exchange rates and joint venture income. Even with these headwinds and the unexpected expense of the distributor bankruptcy, we achieved 7.5% EPS growth for the first half on a comparable basis. This was ahead of our expectations and has us positioned to deliver our profit goal for 2009 -- in fact, we are in the process of evaluating additional incremental investments in marketing and other growth initiatives should we have the opportunity to increase our spending.  We are reaffirming our guidance for 2009 earnings per share. On a GAAP basis, our guidance is $2.24 to $2.28, and excluding an estimated $0.05 of restructuring charges, the range is $2.29 to $2.33. This is a 7% to 9% growth on a comparable basis with 2008 excluding restructuring charges and credits, as well as the non-cash impairment charge in items related to the Lawrys acquisition that were recorded in 2008.  We are also reaffirming our current 2009 sales growth projection of 2% to 3%. With cost reduction goals on track, our favorable business mix and a good second quarter results, we expect at least a 50 basis point improvement in gross profit margin.  We also expect a measurable increase in our 2009 operating income margin, which includes $20 million of additional marketing support.  Let me summarize -- in the first half of 2009, we have demonstrated our ability to overcome both expected and unexpected headwinds. During the same period, we remain steadfast in funding incremental marketing support to drive our future growth. The favorable mix of our business and progress with cost reductions should provide the same flexibility as we managed through the second half and I am confident that we are positioned for another year of record financial results for McCormick.  To our shareholders and everyone on the call, thank you for participating and wed now like to take your questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Thank you. Our first question this morning is from the line of Eric [Sarota], Consumer Edge. 
Eric Sarota - Consumer Edge: Good morning, guys. Hello?
Operator: It appears weve lost Mr. Sarotas line, gentlemen. Our next question is from the line of Rob Moskow with Credit Suisse.
Rob Moskow - Credit Suisse: Good morning. I thought it sounded like a good quarter and you managed through the U.K. situation very well. Two questions -- one is, is there going to be an ongoing higher cost of doing business in the U.K. now that you are going direct? And then second, you said you are evaluating putting more investment back into the business if you have the money to do it. How can you -- how are you going to balance that with the possibility of dropping some of the money to the bottom line? Historically youve kind of done a little bit of both -- youve kind of raised guidance and reinvested. Can you still do that in the current environment or is the current environment tougher from a consumer standpoint if you -- 
Alan D. Wilson: Let me answer the first question first about the U.K. There will be a slight increase in our operating costs by going direct. We are working through what that is and how we are going to do it but the important thing for us is servicing the customers and our teams have done a great job with that and we dont think it will be meaningful to results.  On the question around investment spending, typically we do up-spend when we have the opportunity and let some drop through the bottom line. Its still kind of early in the year and weve had two small quarters behind us and so we are going to continue like I think most other companies are doing to monitor it on a near-term basis. As we see the opportunity to invest, we like the results that we had in the second quarter as we increased our investment, and we think driving the top line is extremely important. We think also that staying in front of the consumer in this kind of economy is also important, so well continue to evaluate it. If theres opportunity that some of it may drop through because the sales are better than we expect, then well see that but we are not -- we dont have any indication this early to change guidance. 
Rob Moskow - Credit Suisse: Okay, so its really going to depend on the sales -- and can you remind me what your -- if theres no change to your sales guidance for the year?
Alan D. Wilson: Nope, no change to the guidance for the year. 
Rob Moskow - Credit Suisse: Okay, thanks. Ill pass it on. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our next question is from the line of Chris Growe with Stifel Nicolaus.
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: Good morning. I just have two questions for you -- the first one was if you look at your first quarter, you had your reported sales down a little bit, they were down a little bit this quarter so I just want to get a feel for your confidence in the 2% to 3% sales growth guidance for the year. You know, in the first quarter we had a little of a unique situation with the trade de-loading. Did you see any of that continue this quarter or any signs of that sales growth picking up, if you will?
Alan D. Wilson: We did not see continued trade de-loading into the second quarter. I think we saw a couple of impacts going into second quarter. One is the timing of Easter, which had some impact; and the second is is we were very focused on making sure that we executed very well in North America on grilling, so I think we saw the impact of that certainly in North America.  We are still kind of part of the way through the small quarters of our year. We feel good about the sales guidance we have on the table right now, that the currency will start to reverse itself and our initiatives will continue to kick in, so we feel pretty positive about where we are right now. 
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, and just in relation to that currency comment -- you know, it did improve this quarter versus last quarter and certainly more towards the end of the quarter. Is that something that is helping your guidance or is it more helping you invest more heavily this year if you see better currency coming through?
Gordon M. Stetz Jr.: Well, its a balance of items on the guidance. Certainly the base volume growth we have strong confidence in and the investment spend that worked well in the second quarter is giving us confidence on the guidance behind the base business.  Currency, while yes, I agree, its improving relative to where it was earlier in the year, it is a volatile factor so we dont want to count too much on the currency. Certainly it would be a help at the current levels but its been a volatile environment, so its really, really difficult to say that thats going to be a huge help. 
Alan D. Wilson: Yeah, one thing to keep in mind is we have a much larger impact on currency on the sales line than we do on the earnings line, and thats been true both in the tailwind and the headwinds that well see, so it doesnt necessarily translate directly percentage to percentage. 
Gordon M. Stetz Jr.: The comparisons, obviously, well still have negative comparisons on currency even at these levels in the third quarter and it would start to reverse in the fourth quarter at current levels. 
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. If I could just ask one more quick one, and that is just in relation to the business, if you are looking at the third and fourth quarter this year, you know, again the marketing increases are primarily going into place in the second quarter and again in the third quarter. Is that -- should we expect more investment in the third quarter, that is what Im getting at, versus the fourth quarter?
Gordon M. Stetz Jr.: Third quarter, if you recall last year, we had a significant up-spend and our intention is to certainly be at those levels again this year, maybe slightly up. Fourth quarter, were expecting to have a very strong program around holiday in particular to make sure that we are [putting] the business well in this type of an environment, as Alan said. 
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) The next question is form the line of Eric Sarota of Consumer Edge.
Eric Sarota - Consumer Edge: Good morning. Can you guys hear me now?
Alan D. Wilson: Yes. 
Eric Sarota - Consumer Edge: Yeah, sorry about that technical difficulty before. I wanted to talk a bit about, and Im sorry if someone asked this already, I got disconnected, but I wanted to talk a bit about what the Easter impact was on the quarter on both overall and then Americas consumer volumes. Can you give us any rough estimate there?
Alan D. Wilson: Its kind of hard to quantify because of the amount of moving products but we think it was somewhere around 1%, maybe a little more in our North American consumer business, a much lower impact than that on our global business. It was -- certainly we are very pleased with the results that we saw from the scanning and the take-away in North America and Easter, but it wasnt a significant impact in the movement between first and second quarter. 
Eric Sarota - Consumer Edge: Okay. And then to move on to the industrial side, last quarter you cited some weakness with your food manufacturer customers. I noticed that this quarter you talked about some strength with snack seasonings customers, but could you comment more broadly about your packaged food manufacturer customers, what kind of volume and demand youve been seeing from them, what your visibility is going forward?
Alan D. Wilson: What we are seeing is I think consistent is that they are focused on more basic kinds of products. There are fewer incremental type innovations and more focused on larger innovations and so we are not seeing the level of activity but the things that they are placing their bets in fewer bigger areas. Promotional activity is more focused on value-type products, just like it is in our consumer business. 
Eric Sarota - Consumer Edge: So in terms of order of magnitude and direction, was that part of the business still down? And could you give us rough sort of order of magnitude of packaged food versus restaurant customers?
Gordon M. Stetz Jr.: Well, we dont specifically break those out, Eric. I mean, just to reiterate, in the Americas ex-acquisition, the industrial business was down on a volume mix basis about 0.5%, so -- and to Alans point, theres pockets of things that were up and pockets of things that were down. The casual dining certainly was down. We saw some strength in some of the snack food seasoning, so on balance that all resulted in a 0.5% decline in volume mix in the Americas region during the quarter. 
Eric Sarota - Consumer Edge: Okay, great. Ill pass it on. Thanks a lot. 
Operator: The next question is from the line of Alton Stump with Longbow Research.
Alton Stump - Longbow Research: Thank you. Good morning. Just a quick question on the pricing front -- as we look out over the next two quarters, we have seen very firm pricing to date at the retail level -- no sign of any push-back. Can you just give me some color on if you think that will be the case over the next couple of quarters?
Alan D. Wilson: You know, its pretty volatile. We dont expect major pricing changes with the exception of our industrial business where we have commodity pass-throughs. Weve seen commodities bounce off their lows and have picked up momentum and so as we take coverage in collaboration with those customers, well pass those on and so pricing will move based on the timing that we take the coverage and how commodities move, so that one is a little more volatile -- certainly not the volatility that -- we dont expect the volatility that we saw last year.  Our consumer pricing, we typically take consumer pricing one time a year. We took it early this year. We dont expect any changes to that and unless theres something dramatic that happens with an individual commodity and we certainly dont see any indications of that right now. 
Alton Stump - Longbow Research: Okay, thanks and then just one quick follow-up, on the private label side, are you seeing anything different from your competitors there or has their share still held relatively at bay?
Alan D. Wilson: Its pretty stable in terms of private label as we look at it over the year. Its grown -- private label share has grown a little bit. All other share has gone -- the all other brands category has gone down about the same amount that private label has gone up and weve pretty well held share. 
Alton Stump - Longbow Research: Great. Thank you. 
Operator: The next question is from Ann Gurkin of Davenport.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport: Good morning. Im just wondering your opinion on whether theres been a permanent shift to consumer behavior -- in other words, are consumers going to shift more longer term to eating at home versus going out? Is there any trend change that you expect?
Alan D. Wilson: I dont expect that its a permanent trend to people eating at home. Certainly as the economy stays under pressure, they will continue to do that but what weve seen is a fair amount of restaurant closings. But I think -- I dont think we are seeing a permanent shift away from people eating out. I think people are certainly being more selective and more value-focused and I dont expect that trend to reverse until the economy significantly picks up but I wouldnt expect that we are seeing a broad trend away from restaurants.  I mean, I think certainly just in the last couple of months, as theres been a little more consumer confidence, people are going out a little more so I dont expect that its a permanent change. 
Ann Gurkin - Davenport: Great. Thank you. 
Operator: The next question is from the line of Mitch Pinheiro with Janney, Montgomery, Scott.
Mitch Pinheiro - Janney, Montgomery, Scott: Good morning. Just on private label in the U.S., is there any difference in share gains and/or second, third-tier brand losses in the dry seasoning mix versus the core spice category?
Gordon M. Stetz Jr.: You know, thats -- Im looking to see if I have that data in front of me and I am afraid that I dont. What weve focused on is our dry seasoning mix has been up pretty substantially. There are, in terms of the competition in dry seasoning mix, its pretty much private label and McCormick and then selected private label competition in certain areas. So for instance, we have more competition on chili mix and taco than we do necessarily on a lot of the other dry seasoning mixes.  What we have seen is our dry seasoning mixes, as weve relaunched to more natural, taking MSG out and repackaged, that our dry seasoning mixes have still double-digit momentum. 
Mitch Pinheiro - Janney, Montgomery, Scott: I guess broadly speaking, you have about 50% of the private label spice business?
Gordon M. Stetz Jr.: Thats correct. 
Mitch Pinheiro - Janney, Montgomery, Scott: Is that about the same -- hows that look in the dry seasoning mix private label sector?
Gordon M. Stetz Jr.: A little lower. 
Mitch Pinheiro - Janney, Montgomery, Scott: Okay. In the consumer business, I was just a touch confused -- ex acquisition, ex Lawrys, volume and mix was up 1.5% in the quarter in the Americas?
Gordon M. Stetz Jr.: In the Americas, yes. 
Mitch Pinheiro - Janney, Montgomery, Scott: And you cited I think double-digit growth in dry seasoning mix and grilling but you know -- so that would mean the other spice, you know, the other business was down significantly or how -- or what am I missing? 
Gordon M. Stetz Jr.: Well, in terms of the mix of the portfolio again, Mitch, the dry seasoning mix and grilling is a smaller percentage relative to say the total core portfolio, so the core items did well. The ones that were a drag, as we mentioned, were the higher end gourmet type items. 
Mitch Pinheiro - Janney, Montgomery, Scott: Okay. Looking at the commodity outlook for the second half, Alan I guess you indicated that theres really nothing out there thats sort of worrisome for you to increase prices further. Is there -- is that -- can I interpret that as basically even type of commodity exposure this year versus last year for the second half?
Alan D. Wilson: Thats probably a reasonable assumption and also recall, because so much of our business is done as we head into the fourth quarter, we are building -- we are starting to build holiday items as we go into the early summer, so a lot of our commodity cost is already locked in as we had in the second half of the year. 
Mitch Pinheiro - Janney, Montgomery, Scott: Okay, and last question -- are you seeing the trends -- you know, certainly the heightened food safety issues and combined with supplier consolidation, are you seeing any change in momentum on the industrial side relating to those two issues?
Alan D. Wilson: Yeah, I mean, were seeing certainly a lot of the major food companies who may have been more looking for price type suppliers coming and putting food safety and security much higher on the list as they are making their selection, and we are seeing the benefit of that with certain of our customers. Theres still certainly going to be the price pressures. Everybody is under the same kind of cost pressure that we have been but we are certainly seeing our food safety and security message resonate with our major customers. 
Mitch Pinheiro - Janney, Montgomery, Scott: Okay. All right, thank you very much. 
Operator: The next question is from the line of Rob Moskow of Credit Suisse.
Rob Moskow - Credit Suisse: Thanks, just a follow-up -- Gord, do you have any interest expense guidance for the year? You paid down some debt in the second quarter -- how low can it go?
Gordon M. Stetz Jr.: Well, we are still anticipating to be up year over year obviously because of the higher debt levels, and obviously its going to be a function of the short-term interest rate environment. It could -- well generally put a little bit more debt on in the third quarter and then we generally pay a significant amount down and we anticipate paying a significant amount down in the fourth quarter, so the run-rate at the current level is probably about right. You know, it could tick up a bit in Q3 and then in Q4, come back down. 
Rob Moskow - Credit Suisse: Okay. How accretive was Lawrys in the quarter? 
Gordon M. Stetz Jr.: We havent provided that information. I mean, were still in line on the annualized basis with the 8% to 10% -- I mean, the $0.08 to $0.10 on an annualized basis and last year we got about $0.03 of that, so its roughly in line with that and theres not a huge amount of seasonality to the business, so you can back into the math with that. 
Rob Moskow - Credit Suisse: Okay. All right, well, thank you. 
Operator: The next question is a follow-up question from the line of Eric Sarota with Consumer Edge.
Eric Sarota - Consumer Edge: Thanks for taking the follow-up. You guys commented earlier that, or you commented on the first quarter that there was significant retailer inventory destocking and I think you commented that it moderated, or that inventory levels were a bit more normal this quarter. Could you comment about your expectations for retailer, normal seasonal retailer inventory build as we head into the peak selling season? Do you think its going to be less, greater, you know, greater, less, or about the same as previous years and why?
Alan D. Wilson: We expect it to be pretty similar to previous years. Everybody is being cautious in managing for cash certainly but I think if you take it back to where we were at the end of last year and the beginning of this year, there was a lot more pressure on the balance sheets than there is right now.  But I would expect it to be pretty much the same. You know, recall in our business, because a lot of our products are very seasonal products, so if you miss the purchase cycle for grilling in the summer, you miss it for the year. If you miss poultry seasoning, sage and turkey gravy in the holiday, you miss it for a year. You dont miss it by a week. And retailers are very conscious of that and conscious of the profitability of spices and dry seasoning mixes in their mix. We are in the top five categories in terms of generating profit dollars for the grocery store, so its something that they are pretty conscious of and I dont expect them to be very cautious in the fourth quarter.  We could continue to see some quarter-to-quarter moves based on managing cash but I dont expect it to be significant. 
Eric Sarota - Consumer Edge: Okay, and then the past two years, I believe its been, or two years ago you accelerated some shipments of some holiday pre-packs from the fourth quarter to the third quarter. I believe it was kind of flattish last year in terms of the timing. It was the same as what it was two years.  Do you -- will that practice continue again this year? Is that the new norm of sort of pre-shipping or pre-shipping to get some earlier merchandising on some of those holiday pre-packs?
Alan D. Wilson: Yeah, we have the same program in place that weve had the last two years and we expect a similar kind of impact on it. The retailers who get the products in earlier put them up earlier and sell more, and thats the story we are continuing to help them understand and drive and its good for us and its good for the retailer. We expect it will be roughly in line with where its been the last couple of years. 
Eric Sarota - Consumer Edge: Okay, great. Good luck. Thanks a lot. 
Alan D. Wilson: I also wanted to correct one thing, Eric, I said earlier -- I said the Americas volume mix ex-acquisitions was down 0.5%. Including acquisitions, it was down 0.5%, so I just wanted to make that correction. Thats on the industrial side. 
Eric Sarota - Consumer Edge: Thank you. 
Operator: The next question is a follow-up question from the line of Chris Growe of Stifel Nicolaus.
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: Thanks again for taking the follow-up. I just have two quick questions for you -- I just want to be clear on last quarter there was a lot of discussion about mix in the Americas and consumer foods and if you talked about it, I missed it. Could you tell me how that looked in the quarter?
Gordon M. Stetz Jr.: We combined the discussion with volume and mix so -- on the U.S. Americas in total volume mix ex acquisitions was up 1.5% in the quarter. We dont separately break out volume and mix.
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: Didnt you talk last quarter though about some mix challenge, you know, like a product mix hits in local business from say more dry season mix of sales?
Alan D. Wilson: Certainly the dollar ring of a DSM packet is less than the dollar ring of some of the, say gourmet items and that double-digit increase in the dry seasoning mix line wont completely offset some of the declines we saw in gourmet just because of the dollar ring, so thats factored into that volume mix number of a 1.5% increase. 
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, and the last question I had was just on the [inaudible] consumers, there was some mention of some increased promotional items and coupons and that kind of thing. Is that -- do you count that as part of the $20 million in marketing or is that separate of that investment?
Alan D. Wilson: It depends on what the part of the marketing mix is. In terms of the value advertising and things that were doing, that will certainly be part of that increased marketing spend. To the extent that were doing price promotion, it would be an offset to net sales. But for the -- so its -- and its a combination of both. Certainly the media that we are funding right now in the U.K. is very much focused on value but we are also doing some price promotion to entice consumers to continue to buy our products. 
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: The next question is from the line of [Jodi Joshi] of Barclays.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays: Its Andrew Lazar. Just two things, I guess -- first, Im curious, in the jump in the consumer EBIT margin in the quarter, up 200 to 300 basis points, certainly higher than we typically see in the May quarter. I assume thats kind of primarily Lawrys driven but I just want to make sure if there was something else going on there. 
Alan D. Wilson: Certainly Lawrys is a help but I dont want to also -- weve had a lot of activity, as you know, through our restructuring and CCI programs on managing SG&A, so I dont want to attribute it all to Lawrys but certainly Lawrys is a help to that. 
Andrew Lazar - Barclays: Okay, and just one last one -- I guess theres been maybe over the past couple of quarters kind of building, I dont know, you know, chatter or interest and it seems like it has been more specific to McCormick for some reason around potential shifts or changes in your merchandising programs or shelving, you know, at various retailers, things along those lines. And I guess -- Im surprised it hasnt come up yet on the call and I was just wondering, are there any things around that that you can talk to just to kind of address maybe what some of those concerns have been, whether theyve been sort of well-placed or not?
Alan D. Wilson: Well, again were not going to comment specifically on specific customers but what we are continuing to see is a lot of consumer response to our programs. We are going to see obviously different programs by different retailers around the country and we find that consumers will continue to buy our spices predominantly over others. If retailers want to generally sell what consumers want to buy and in this category, thats McCormick. So theres not a lot new to update. Theres obviously tons and tons of speculation around there as to what is going to happen and we just arent going to -- were not in a position to talk about that at this point but what we are seeing is consumers still want to buy McCormick spices. We are supporting it with merchandising and advertising very heavily and are well-positioned we think to hit the results that weve laid out. 
Andrew Lazar - Barclays: Got it, and I assume its fair to say that retailers test a lot of things a lot of the time that probably never really make it, or that never rise to the level of us talking about it that often, and I assume that just continues to happen I would assume like it normally does but maybe Im off on that. 
Andrew Lazar - Barclays: It is and it will continue and different retailers are going to try different programs. I know we certainly see a whip-saw impact on things like retailers who institute a clean floor policy with no displays in one year, and then they find they were way out of stock in the holiday season and the next year the displays are back in the store.  So theres -- that kind of thing happens all the time from various retailers and so we are working on this on the street every day to make sure that our products are in the store and well-merchandised. 
Andrew Lazar - Barclays: Great. Thanks for your comments. 
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the floor back over to Ms. Brooks for closing comments. 
Alan D. Wilson: Id just like to wrap up real fast before Joyce jumps in -- we feel like weve had a very solid operating results for the quarter. We had very strong performance in North America, good cost control across the whole business, and it allowed us to make a very strong investment in marketing. Obviously weve had some headwinds to offset with the bankruptcy in Europe and some of the overall economy that weve had to deal with but we feel like this was a very solid quarter. As we go through the year, we continue to look for opportunities to invest behind our brands and make sure that we are continuing to drive the strong sales results and we really thank you for your attention and support. 
Joyce Brooks: Ill add my thanks as well. I just have a couple of housekeeping comments. Through July 2nd, you can access a telephone replay of todays call by dialing 877-660-6853. The account number for the replay is 309 and the ID number is 323045. You can also listen to a replay on our website later today and if you have any further questions, please give me a call at 410-771-7244.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-01-28 08:00:00) =====
Executives:  Joyce Brooks  VP IR Alan Wilson  President & CEO Gordon Stetz  EVP & CFO Paul Beard  SVP Finance & Treasurer  
Analysts:  Ken Goldman  JPMorgan  Chris Growe  Stifel Nicolaus  Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank Mitch Pinheiro  Janney, Montgomery, Scott Ann Gurkin  Davenport Andrew Lazar  Barclays Capital 
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the McCormick fourth quarter 2008 conference call. (Operator Instructions) It is now my pleasure to introduce your host Joyce Brooks, Vice President of Investor Relations for McCormick.
Joyce Brooks: Good morning to everyone joining us today by phone and webcast for a review of McCormicks fourth quarter results and latest outlook. We have posted a set of slides to accompany todays call at our website, www.ir.mccormick.com.  With me today are Alan Wilson, President and CEO, Gordon Stetz, Executive Vice President and CFO and Paul Beard, Senior Vice President Finance and Treasurer. Following our remarks we look forward to discussing your questions. As indicated on slide two, please note that during the course of this conference call we may make projections or other forward-looking statements and actual results could differ materially from those projected. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise publically any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events, or other factors.  In addition, information we present today which excludes restructuring charges and unusual items are not GAAP measures. We present this information for comparative purposes along side the most directly comparable GAAP measures. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures can be found in this mornings press release.  It is now my pleasure to turn the discussion over to Alan.
Alan Wilson : Thanks Joyce, good morning everyone and welcome to this mornings call. Our fourth quarter results were a strong finish to our record results in 2008. As shown on slide three we grew net sales 9%, exceeding $3 billion in annual sales for the first time due largely to our progress with acquisition and pricing actions to offset higher input costs, this result was well ahead of our initial projection of 4% to 6%. We achieved a 12% increase in earnings per share on a GAAP basis and an 11% increase on a comparable basis excluding restructuring charges and other items as noted on slide three. This result also exceeded our initial projection for 2008 which was to grow EPS 8% to 10% on a comparable basis.  The key factors behind the EPS increase were higher sales, $31 million in cost savings, and a favorable mix with our consumer business growing at a faster rate then industrial. Taking a look at the fourth quarter our results were particularly noteworthy given the economic downturn during this period.  Our fiscal fourth quarter began on September 1 and coincided with the unfolding credit crisis. In the ensuing weeks this crisis was rapidly followed by a sharp decline in the stock market, a continuation of the housing slump, mounting job losses, and a general lack of confidence among consumers.  In this tough environment our fourth quarter financial results on slide four demonstrate the resiliency of our business. We grew sales 5% and 9% in local currency. Gross profit margin was at 50 basis points which was our best quarter of the year. As for earnings per share we indicated in November that we would record a non-cash impairment charge to reduce the value of our Silvo brand in the fourth quarter.  The charge we recorded lowered EPS by $0.15. Excluding the impact of this impairment charge as well as restructuring charges we increased earnings per share an impressive 12% in the fourth quarter. So whats behind this resiliency? There are two areas Id like to emphasize today and will have more to say about this topic when we present at the Cagney Conference on February 18th. If you turn to slide five, we have a broad portfolio of customers and products that allows us to reach the consumer, even as they modify their shopping trips and purchases.  In our consumer business our US sales growth was led by alternative channels in 2008. We have an expanded presence in these value focused retailers and gained new distribution in the channel in 2008. Likewise we have seen an increase in sales of products that feature value priced meals along with convenience.  As an example of this in the US we grew fourth quarter sales of gravy mixes 8%, taco seasoning mixes 14%, and slow cooker seasonings 46%. Sales of our [el cuoco] brand and other Hispanic items which are value priced rose 14%. Examples outside the US include Australia where we introduced slow cooker seasonings. This introduction allowed us to double our market share of dry sauce mixes. As many of you know we are a leading supplier of value priced private label spices and seasonings in the US, Canada, and Europe and have partnered with our customers to manage both brand and private label in the category for more then 25 years.  In the US we were able to increase sales of our branded products in the fourth quarter along with sales of private label spices and seasonings. Turning to our industrial business, the breadth of customers and products again provides some resiliency to the business in a tough economy.  Our industrial business had a strong year with food manufacturers. These customers were strengthening their brands with innovation around new tastes, health benefits, and more natural ingredients. McCormick is right at the intersection of great flavor, convenience, and health benefits.  With our expertise in pure natural and high quality herbs and spices we were becoming an increasingly important supplier to our strategic partners and growing our business with new customers.  This part of our business has been robust and provided an important offset to restaurant industry weakness. The second aspect of our resiliency on slide six is our ability to adapt. Our culture of participated management throughout the organization is a big factor in our adaptability. Our leadership structure is streamlined and efficient. We have just two business segments, both focused on flavor.  As a result our management committee can readily direct funds and resources to pursue compelling opportunities and address challenges. As an example of this were carefully evaluating our marketing priorities as we head into 2009 to fully support value priced items.  Since October Ive been sharing my impressions of the economic environment with employees and asked them to maintain a focus on sales, carefully manage costs, and optimize cash and assets. We are curtailing expenses, actively managing our working capital, and diligently monitoring the credit status of our suppliers and customers.  I have a lot more to say about the capability and adaptability of our people and our business but nothing speaks louder then results. Our 2008 Annual Report is titled Taking Flavor To New Heights and Id like to conclude the portion of my remarks with some of the heights we achieved in 2008 as shown on slide seven.  We completed our largest acquisition yet with the purchase of Lowrys. I already mentioned passing the $3 billion mark in sales but its worth repeating. This is almost double our 1998 sales. For the consumer business we grew operating income 9%, excluding restructuring and impairment charges. Equally impressive given the tough economic and input cost environment, was a 6% increase in industrial business operating income excluding restructuring charges.  We increased marketing support to $127 million, a 13% increase from last year, and a 51% increase from 2003. We reduced costs by $31 million. This included $11 million of savings from our restructuring program taking the total annual savings for this program to $56 million.  We took five days out of our cash conversion cycle. With the introduction of McCormick Profit employees now have additional incentives to improve asset management. With the latest 9% increase our Board has tripled the quarterly dividend over the past 10 years. This was our 23rd consecutive increase and weve paid dividends every year since 1925.  We were extremely pleased to have successfully navigated the difficult economy and volatility we faced in 2008 and deliver strong financial results. We will face further challenges in 2009 but we are well positioned for growth and have good momentum heading into the year.  Ill comment on our plans and guidance for 2009 but will first turn it over to Gordon for a few more detailed review of the fourth quarter financial results. 
Gordon Stetz : Thanks Alan, lets begin with a look at the total business, then Ill move onto each of our two segments.  Starting on slide eight, fourth quarter sales were up 5.4% and 8.7% in local currency. This result included 6.6% of pricing and 2.1% of favorable volume and product mix with a strong contribution from the consumer business partially offset by lower volume and mix in the industrial business.  For the total company acquisitions added 4.5% to fourth quarter sales. This included Lowrys and Billy Bee Honey products less a reduction in sales from the disposition of [Season All]. As Alan indicated we achieved a 50 basis point increase in fourth quarter gross profit margin versus 2007. There has been steady improvement in this performance measurement each quarter of 2008 as illustrated on slide nine.  In the fourth quarter we continued to offset higher costs with previously implemented pricing actions and productivity improvements in both segments of the business. A positive business mix also had a significant impact with the consumer business growing at a faster pace then industrial. Our acquisitions contributed to this shift between businesses along with the impact of more consumers eating at home, particularly in the US. In November we let you know that a non-cash impairment charge of $28 million to $32 million would be recorded to reduce the book value of our Silvo brand. As shown on slide 10 the final amount of this charge was $29 million which reduced net income by $20.1 million and EPS by $0.15. While the amount of the charge, $29 million, was within our projected range of $28 million to $32 million the tax rate we applied caused the EPS impact of $0.15 to be below the $0.16 to $0.18 per share range that we provided back in November.  We remain committed to the Silvo brand and are working to expand our distribution in this market. This impairment charge in the fourth quarter caused our operating income to decline by 4.8%. Excluding the impairment charge and restructuring charges in the fourth quarters of 2007 and 2008 we increased operating income 13.8% or $20.3 million driven by increased sales and higher gross profit margin. Below operating income interest expense rose with the higher debt for the acquisition of Lowrys offset to a large degree by lower interest rates. The tax rate was 29% for the fourth quarter and included the favorable impact of discrete tax items. This fourth quarter rate took our annual tax rate to 29.8%.  Following an increase in the third quarter income from unconsolidated operations declined $1.5 million mainly in our joint venture in Mexico. This business was impacted by higher soybean oil costs and a weakening Mexican Peso. Despite these pressures we were successful in growing our market share of a leading item, mayonnaise, by 250 basis points during 2008. Heading into 2009 we are working with our partners on purchasing, marketing, and new product initiatives to support sales and profit but will face some continued pressures. We expect soybean oil positions and unfavorable foreign exchange rates for our joint venture in Mexico to cause a measurable decline in income from unconsolidated operations during the first half of 2009 which will level out in the second half.  So let me put these pieces together on slide 11 to bridge our fourth quarter EPS in 2008 to what we reported in 2007. For 2008 EPS was $0.62 which included $0.15 for the impairment charge and $0.07 of restructuring charges. Comparing the adjusted result of $0.84 in 2008 to $0.75 in 2007 the $0.09 increase was comprised of $0.10 from higher operating income offset by $0.01 of lower income from unconsolidated operations.  Now lets take a look at the fourth quarter results of the two business segments beginning with the consumer segment. Across all regions on slide 12 we grew consumer sales 8.1% and 10.6% in local currency. Favorable volume and product mix added 7% including 6% from acquisitions.  The remaining increase of 3.6% was due to our pricing actions. The holiday season is an important time for our consumer business in the Americas. This year we supported our gravity feed merchandising displays for spices and seasonings with a new television ad, our relaunched website, and well executed promotional activity.  Consumer sales in this region grew 14.7% and 15.9% in local currency. Favorable volume and product mix added 12.6% to sales with 8.4% of the increase from acquisitions. Pricing added another 3.3%. As Alan mentioned much of this increase occurred with value priced retailers and included higher sales of dry seasoning mixes, private label, and Hispanic items.  In Europe, The Middle East, and Africa, consumer sales declined 9.9% and 4% in local currency. While pricing added 5% volume and product mix declined 9% which compares to a 5.9% increase in volume and product mix during the fourth quarter of 2007.  In Europe the growing economic recession and impact on consumer spending put pressure on our business in the fourth quarter. A slowdown in consumer purchases effected both the category and sales of our Schwartz and Ducros brands. In addition sales were effected by trade inventory reductions by retailers in France during this period.  Given the severity of the recession we believe our businesses held up fairly well. Our brands have maintained share and based on sales trends in the early part of 2009 we have seen a stabilization of category sales in the UK and France, our largest markets in Europe.  While we remain cautious given the economy in this region, our team in Europe is working to complete several restructuring actions, address higher cost through pricing, introduce new products, and optimize our marketing mix.  In the Asia Pacific region we increased consumer business sales for the fourth quarter 1.3% and 4.1% in local currency. Pricing added just 0.7% so most of the increase was from favorable volume and product mix. Sales volume in China rose at a double-digit pace. Volume and product mix in Australia had a slight decline with success from new products such as the slow cookers, offsetting lower sales of Aeroplane Jelly and low margin items that were discontinued.  Across all regions operating income for the consumer business was $145.5 million, when the impairment and restructuring charges are excluded as seen on slide 13. When compared to the fourth quarter of 2007 on this same basis, we added $14.7 million to operating income, an increase of 11.8%. This result included $2.6 million of higher marketing spending.  Taking a look at the industrial business on slide 14 we grew fourth quarter sales 1.1% and 5.9% in local currency. Higher pricing added 11.6% to sales more then offsetting a decline of 5.7% from unfavorable volume and product mix. Included in the 5.7% was a 2% benefit from acquisitions. As Alan indicated our industrial business in the Americas achieved good growth in sales to food manufacturers offset by lower sales to the food service industry.  In total sales rose 4.5% and 6.4% in local currency. Throughout 2008 we have collaborated with our customers to manage the impact of volatile commodity costs. In the fourth quarter increased pricing added 14.5% to industrial sales in the Americas and more then offset an 8.1% decline in volume and product mix which included a 3% favorable impact from acquisitions.  A slowdown in food service customer purchases also put pressure on our industrial sales in Europe, The Middle East, and Africa. While reported sales declined 16% in local currency the decrease was only 0.3%. Pricing added 8.1% while volume and product mix declined 8.4%. The impact of lower volume and product mix has had an unfavorable impact on our manufacturing efficiencies and we are aggressively pursuing new business in this region.  Our sales in the Asia Pacific region continued to be fueled by increased sales to the quick service restaurant industry in China as well as other Southeast Asian markets. We grew sales 17.7% and 16.6% in local currency, results that were close to what we reported for the first three quarters. Pricing had a minimal impact in this region.  Clearly our industrial sales are being effected by volatile costs as well as various industry dynamics. In a turbulent environment our operating income results deliver a clear picture that our industrial team is focused on higher margin business, expertly managing the price and cost equation, and delivering innovative flavor solutions to our customers.  Turning to slide 15 you can see that we increased operating income excluding restructuring charges by $4.9 million. This is up an impressive 29.3% from the fourth quarter of 2007 when our pricing had not yet caught up with the higher commodity costs. Before turning it back over to Alan, I want to briefly discuss our year-end cash flow and balance sheet beginning on slide 16. Beginning in 2008 we introduced McCormick Profit, a change to our incentive that rewards each operating unit for its effectiveness in managing its working capital. Here again the results are the best evidence I can give you of how our employees embrace this concept and found ways to improve our asset management in areas such as inventory and receivables.  Our cash conversion cycle for 2008 was 85 days. In a year when this concept was first introduced we are pleased to report that five days had been cut from this cycle as Alan indicated earlier. In 2009 we expect to take another three to five days out of our cycle. While the nature of our business inherently requires a large number of SKUs, our prospects are good for further improvements in our days of inventory supply as well as other components of working capital.  Throughout the fourth quarter our treasury team has done a great job of maintaining our access to commercial paper and backup credit facilities. Our strong cash generation in the fourth quarter has us off to a great start to lowering our debt to EBITDA ratio which rose in the third quarter as a result of the Lowrys acquisition.  For the full year one of our primary goals was to generate cash flow from operations of at least $300 million. With lower payments for restructuring actions, strong collection of receivables, effective management of inventory, and lower retirement plan contributions, we achieved $315 million of cash flow from operations, up $90 million from 2007. That completes my remarks on our fourth quarter financial results and its my pleasure to turn it back over to Alan for a look at our business heading into 2009.
Alan Wilson : Thanks Gordon, in 2009 we are confident that we will continue to grow our business despite a tough economy, strong dollar, and ongoing volatility in input costs as well as the overall market.  We look for our consumer business to have another good year. Our performance in the Americas and Asia Pacific region is expected to outpace Europe, Middle East, and Africa region. Top line sales will be driven by the integration of Lowrys, product innovation, and further increases in marketing support.  Our 2009 consumer pricing is in place in our major markets which will help offset cost increases. In addition to Lowrys a major focus for the US consumer business this year will be a comprehensive revitalization of our dry seasoning mix line with new packaging, merchandising, and marketing. Our industrial business is on track for solid growth in 2009. Here too our business in the Americas and Asia Pacific region is expected to lead this segments performance. We have a robust pipeline of new products to provide our customers with innovative flavors to boost sales of their brands. Many of these items feature blends of natural herbs and spices that lead to a more natural ingredient statement.  Our industrial team continues to effectively manage cost volatility. We expect a further shift toward higher margin products to lead to improved profitability for this part of our business. Across both segments as shown on slide 17 we expect to grow sales 2% to 4%. Now there are a number of variables that will effect this range.  One is currency exchange rates, another big factor is the impact of sales as weve managed further commodity cost fluctuations with industrial customers. A range of 2% to 4% is based on our current assessment of currency rates and input costs. Based on this assessment we believe favorable volume and product mix will add 2% to 4% and acquisitions with seven months of Lowrys another 3%. Pricing will have an estimated 2% to 4% impact.  At current rates foreign exchange would reduce sales approximately 7%. While our overall guidance is 2% to 4% our guidance for sales growth in local currency is a very healthy 9% to 11%. Moving down the income statement on slide 18 we have a goal to lower costs by $30 million in 2009. We have supply chain initiatives underway that are on track to generate an estimated $21 million in cost reductions. Additional savings are expected as we complete the projects associated with our restructuring program in 2009. This should deliver an estimated $9 million in savings in 2009 taking our total savings for the restructuring program to $65 million from the original $50 million objective. We estimate restructuring charges in 2009 of $9 million to $11 million with an EPS impact of roughly $0.05.  These cost savings much of which will benefit gross profit margin along with favorable segment, product, and geographic mix, are expected to add at least 50 basis points to gross profit margin for 2009. Keep in mind that this was the level of increase we achieved in the fourth quarter and we have confidence in this projection based on current conditions.  On slide 19 following a 13% increase in 2008 we plan to increase marketing support another 20% or more in 2009, with 15% of this related to the incremental impact of Lowrys. Our new marketing behind this brand begins in March and we look forward to previewing this with you at Cagney.  Our other brands are seeing great consumer response to our new websites, print campaigns, and television ads. Note that much of our 2008 marketing increase included ad production while in 2009 we will allocate a greater share to working media. We are also providing guidance for a tax rate of 31%, a decline in income from unconsolidated operations during the first half, and a slight increase in shares outstanding as we continue to curtail our share repurchase program while paying down debt in 2009. On a GAAP basis our guidance for EPS is $2.24 to $2.28. Excluding an estimated $0.05 of restructuring charges this range is $2.29 to $2.33 as seen on slide 20. On a comparable basis with 2008 excluding impairment and restructuring charges as well as items related to the Lowrys acquisition this is a 7% to 9% growth rate.  This projected range reflects the downward pressure that a strong dollar will apply to EPS. Excluding this impact our 2009 growth rate would be at the high end of our long-term goal to grow EPS 9% to 11% annually. Accretion from Lowrys is a big reason for this performance.  On page 21 as you think about our 2009 financial projections, we are looking for further progress in generating cash from operations. In addition to increased net income we expect to reduce our cash conversion cycle another three to five days. These improvements to cash flow from operations will be offset by higher pension plan contributions in 2009. Based on the current funded level of our retirement plans we expect to contribute $50 million to $70 million in 2009 compared to approximately $20 million in contributions in 2008, an increase of $30 million to $50 million.  We will use cash to continue to pay down our debt, keep the dividend increasing in line with our profit growth, and fund $90 million in capital expenditures which is close to our level of depreciation.  Let me summarize, our business remains solid in this period of economic downturn, volatile costs, and consumers that are under pressure. With our breadth of products and customers our industry knowledge and our ability to adapt we are managing through the issues we face and identifying and pursuing opportunities for new products, expanded distribution, and acquisitions.  I am excited about our prospects for long-term growth and confident that 2009 will be another strong year for McCormick. To our shareholders and everyone on the call, thank you for your interest and attention.  Wed now like to take your questions. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Ken Goldman  JPMorgan 
Ken Goldman  JPMorgan : On your confidence level in the amount of pricing youre going to get in currency this year and Im wondering how much have you locked in if at all some of your exchange rates through hedging and how much, I know you talked about locking in a bunch of pricing, but how much of that really is still up in the air if you do get a little more pushback from retailers and from some of your industrial partners. 
Alan Wilson : In pricing, our pricing is pretty much in place for 2009 and obviously well see what happens with input cost pressures to see whether we take additional pricing or pass through reductions to our industrial customers. If you recall the contracts that we have with industrial customers, we take positions on major commodities and then we pass those through either up or down and obviously we expect later in the year as commodity costs decline to be passing some of those things on. Thats all factored into our guidance. 
Gordon Stetz : From a currency perspective we hedge only the transactions that we need dollars for, mostly on our commodities that are dollar denominated that we buy forward. The guidance that we have provided on the FX impact on our net sales line is a translation impact based on current exchange rates and we are not hedged so to the extent that rates move either up or down from there that could effect that guidance. 
Ken Goldman  JPMorgan : Cheese obviously has plummeted in the last couple of weeks, thats factored into your guidance, just wondering maybe youll have to pass on, take some higher cost in the near-term without being able to pass them on, if you could talk about how that might help you or hurt you in the first quarter. 
Alan Wilson: Specific to dairy as you can recognize were managing positions on different commodities based on our view of where things are going to go. We shouldnt expect to see a significant impact based on a short-term change in commodities because of the collaborative agreements that we have with customers to manage positions.  So what Im saying there is for the most part weve talked to our customers, weve managed a position and as prices changes over time well modify pricing with it, but the customers agree with the position that we take and weve priced based on that and we factored that into our guidance. 
Gordon Stetz : I just want to make one correction on the numbers I provided in my remarks, I stated that the fourth quarter operating income for our consumer business rose $14.7 million, when in fact the increase was $15.4 million as noted on slide 13, I just wanted to make sure that people knew that the slide was correct. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Growe  Stifel Nicolaus 
Chris Growe  Stifel Nicolaus : I wanted to ask, youve got a pretty substantial hit from foreign exchange factored into your guidance for 2009 but I was just curious if you consider the FX drag in 2009 your underlying growth, organic growth is pretty good bit above your long-term guidance, is there anything maybe in the Lowrys accretion or something that could be helping you in 2009 or just the confidence in the business that lets you get that higher underlying growth rate. 
Alan Wilson : Lowrys is certainly a factor in that direction and if you can look at it, we expect to see some still good momentum in our core business with Lowrys adding to that.
Chris Growe  Stifel Nicolaus : As Im looking at 2009 Ive been concerned with the outlook for industrial, is the robust growth in the food manufacturers enough to offset this weak restaurant environment, can you say if your forecasting profit growth in the industrial division for 2009?
Gordon Stetz : We generally dont give guidance by segment, but certainly our industrial teams are working hard to grow the business. Its a volatile environment so the expectation is that theyll take advantage of the opportunities within their segment and grow their business as best as they can in this environment. 
Alan Wilson : One dynamic that were seeing with our industrial business which we expect to see, is as companies are looking at their supply base, theyre starting to put more of a premium on the financial stability of their suppliers as well as the standards of food safety that companies deal with and that plays really well to our industrial position.  We dont give specific guidance on our divisions, but we do expect that well continue to grow that business. 
Chris Growe  Stifel Nicolaus : You talked about how you had both private label and branded growth in the US consumer division in the quarter, IRI has indicated, I realize its not a perfect measure, but some improvement especially in December for private label, are you seeing any change in trend there especially in the US or private label. 
Alan Wilson : Yes, were definitely seeing private label go up in core grocery. What weve finding in our business is that customers that are pricing and merchandising right are getting very good growth in brand. Were also seeing some emphasis on private label but what were seeing more then anything is remember weve got about 50% of the share and private label has a little less then 20%, there is an all other category that we are seeing being hit as the economy changes.  Were still pleased with how were hanging in, obviously wed like to be growing our brand faster, but it is hanging in pretty well. And I wouldnt drive too much into a four week metric. We tend to look at things on a longer timeframe and if you look over 12 and 52 youll see better results for the McCormick brand. Id also say on something we are seeing is very positive growth in our dry seasoning mixes. Those provide quick and easy meal solutions to consumers at a pretty low price point so we are definitely seeing strength and growing share in that category. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank 
Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank:  I just want to make sure I understand the pricing mechanism in industrial I think you noted that in the industrial, slide 14, that in Americas pricing was up 14.5% and I thought the stuff was priced on a one quarter lag basis and over the last six months pricing has been coming down, now I realize the profit improvement in industrial is tied to the lag but I dont, its not exactly clear to me why prices are up so much given commodity costs are headed in the other direction. 
Alan Wilson : If you think back to where we were last year we were in a lag, commodity costs had gone up significantly and our pricing had not caught up to it and thats why we saw the reduction in our industrial margins that we saw last year. When that happened weve changed the way were dealing with customers. Were working a lot more collaboratively so were working with them to take positions on major commodities and the positions we take are really up to the customers specifically to say were either going to take long or short positions. And then we pass through those positions so in some cases weve taken longer positions because the customers want us to and in other cases weve taken shorter positions and it depends on market and customer so I wouldnt necessarily read a one quarter impact in commodity costs into whats going to happen in our business just be assured that what we have is a collaborative approach with customers so were not going to get hurt or helped by a decline in major commodities. 
Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank: So I guess youre saying is some of the contracts have changed from the last time we talked about this. 
Alan Wilson : Thats right. And that was a reaction to the volatility. 
Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank: In terms of the industrial business I guess a year or two ago when you had your Analyst Day you talked about the McCormick institute and you were focusing on some of the health benefits of the various spices and seasonings, havent heard much about that since then, maybe its a bit longer term but is that driving any share advances that youre making with your biggest customers. 
Alan Wilson : What weve, we continue to fund and are still very excited about what were finding in the McCormick Science Institute, and youll start to see if you havent already a campaign around the seven super spices that have high antioxidant levels and its more of an education campaign. There is a little bit of marketing on the internet as well as some print ads that go with it. But we are seeing actually pretty good momentum in those core spices that are in that seven super spices. So for instance cinnamon is one of those and weve seen mid to high or single-digit growth in cinnamon so there is some additional push behind it. The other thing its helping us with is traction with our industrial customers, were having a lot of discussion with our industrial customers as they look at ways to improve the health benefits of their products and so were working again collaboratively with them to bring that education. We funded a number of studies and publish the results as we get the studies done. 
Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank: On slide 18 you talked about the gross margin improvement of 50 basis points I guess theres some supply chain and restructuring stuff there and pricing, how much of that is due to Lowrys?
Gordon Stetz : A good portion of that is due to Lowrys. We are going to get benefits clearly from the initiatives that we listed there. Theres also pressures from cost [inaudible] that theyre going to offset that as well. So Lowrys is going to be a good portion of that improvement due to the mix shift. 
Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank: So that was the last point?
Gordon Stetz : Yes, continued shift towards higher margin business, Lowrys would be the biggest component of that but within the portfolios as well our employees continue to work towards higher margin value added products. But Lowrys is going to be a significant contributor to that.  
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mitch Pinheiro  Janney, Montgomery, Scott 
Mitch Pinheiro  Janney, Montgomery, Scott:  One little housekeeping, will the timing of Easter have any impact in your Q1 or Q2 this year being a little later then last year or is it, I didnt know if last year there was any impact?
Gordon Stetz : Yes, it was definitely about an early an Easter as we could have seen and this year its much later. We havent factored in I dont think a significant shift between quarters. We may see some but I dont think its going to be significant enough to really talk about. 
Mitch Pinheiro  Janney, Montgomery, Scott: As far as the industrial business goes, several years ago you talked about you had a 6% operating margin and I think by 2010 you would have seen maybe that increase to about the 9% area and youve been stuck in that 6% range for a little bit here for reasons which youve talked about, is 9% operating margins in the industrial business out of the question for 2010. I know thats looking beyond the current year but Im just trying to get a sense for whether theres still this plan in place to improve that piece of the business on the profitability side.
Alan Wilson : If I could figure out where were going to be, where anybody is going to be in 2010 Id make some real good investments. Our objective is to continue to drive and grow our margins in that business and Im really pleased with the progress that weve made in a number of our markets. We still have some specific challenges with our European business but I would say that we expect that we can continue to drive and grow margins.  Obviously in the volatility weve had starting in late 2007 continuing now and what we are seeing for 2009 and the broad general economy is going to put some pressure on that. I would say what were doing, our objectives havent changed, but what were having to do is manage much more close in to the economic environment. 
Mitch Pinheiro  Janney, Montgomery, Scott: Has the fact that youve changed to that collaborative type of cost plus in industrial does that also effect the margin potential in the business. It certainly quiets down the volatility.
Alan Wilson : It quiets the volatility on the major commodities. We expected over time, the way we were going to grow the margin is by more of mix shift to higher value products and we still expect to be able to do that on a lot of those items where commodities are a major factor, those arent necessarily the kinds of products that are going to be driving our margin development. Those are good core items that have volumes that sustain themselves year after year.  But they arent going to necessarily be the source of growth or the source of margin improvement. 
Mitch Pinheiro  Janney, Montgomery, Scott: How would you characterize the new product activity in the industrial segment.
Alan Wilson : The pipeline is still pretty good. I wouldnt say its as big as we would like to see it. We see our customers just like we are focused in our communications and our development efforts right now in products that bring value to consumers and some of the more premium innovation is still continuing, its not completely gone but I think there is more of a shift to value as opposed to necessarily premium.  
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ann Gurkin  Davenport 
Ann Gurkin  Davenport:  Just wanted to get more details regarding Lowrys as youve worked with that business, are you making any changes in how you go to market with that brand, can you update us on your strategy there?
Alan Wilson : As you probably heard a large part of our increase in our marketing spend is going to be against Lowrys. As we talked when we bought the business nobody has talked to the consumer about that brand in a while. Were starting to do that. Weve created some marketing campaigns behind it. Were evaluating and are changing some of the positioning and tightening up the positioning on the brand so youll see in the coming months and well talk about that at Cagney on what were doing with it. But were revitalizing the brand. Were very excited about it. 
Ann Gurkin  Davenport: Just in terms of overall marketing spending, can you comment on how the returns have been versus the spending you put through in the back half where maybe its been then expected or inline or any commentary and then as you go out to 2009, you commented on a 20% are you getting a greater lift on that investment now given that youre probably getting buys for your marketing dollars.
Alan Wilson : Its harder to read in the volatile economy that we are in. I would say that one of the things that we are doing with our marketing mix and youre starting to see that I think from a lot of companies is to focus communications on value. So we are talking to people about how our dry seasoning mixes for instance can feed a family of four for under $8 or $10 and were seeing more and more lift from that kind of thing. We are evaluating our shift into more promotion and premium kinds of events as opposed to purely print and TV advertising. Were not walking away from the internet recipe campaigns or any of those sorts of things but we are shifting more of our communications towards value right now. 
Ann Gurkin  Davenport: And what youve spend in the back half of last year, can you comment on what kind of lift youre seeing from that. 
Alan Wilson : I think we saw good results in our fourth quarter and so were committed to that. Thats such an important time for us and I think in these economic times we feel its important that we continue to talk to consumers and have the McCormick brand out front and center not just McCormick brand, but also the Zatarainss brand our other brands to make sure that people know what, remember that they are good brands, remember that they like the value that they bring.  And its important that we keep that out. I would say we would expect to get better value from our marketing spend as well as marketing cost continue to come down. Our objective is to maintain our weights and be pretty flexible with how we target our campaigns.  
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar  Barclays Capital 
Andrew Lazar  Barclays Capital:  On the gross margin youre expecting in terms of the expansion for 2009 do you expect that to be relatively even in terms of the way it flows or are there various things around first half, second half that we ought to keep in mind. 
Gordon Stetz : If you recall the industrial business margins can vary, not the dollars, but the margins can vary based on commodity cost positions. So to the extent that there are any downward movements in commodity costs, industrial margins could expand. And whatever forecast you believe on commodity cost right now that could be an impact.  Lowrys obviously too we had the benefit of Lowrys in the fourth quarter of 2008 well get continued benefit through the first part of 2009 so that comparison will help as well. 
Andrew Lazar  Barclays Capital: On the organic sales growth rate that youre looking for in 2009 its 4% to 8% or so, just taking a look at the pure volume and the pricing that youre expecting and again Im just thinking about that from a top down perspective in this kind of macroeconomic, just trying to get a sense of your level of confidence around that. Thats obviously a pretty healthy move forward in the environment were in.
Alan Wilson : We wouldnt have put these out if we didnt feel like we could do them at this point and we have seen good momentum behind a number of our items even in the tough economy were benefitting I think from the shift of people eating more at home and cooking more. We expect that to continue. We dont have new pricing that were going to be trying to roll out and be faced with any difficulty so we put this out with the idea that we think its a good range of where we see the business as we sit here today. 
Andrew Lazar  Barclays Capital: With some of the new contracts that youve structured in the industrial business, Im curious if in your consumer business in some of the more basic or commodity oriented items, pepper or things that prices may move around a bit more with commodity move then some of your other items, Im curious if theres any role for more of a pass through type of contract situation like youve done in industrial with some of your items in consumer again to prevent some of the low lows or high highs. 
Alan Wilson : Because of the broad nature and the large number of ingredients that we manage other then something like pepper and vanilla wed find it really hard to do. But again because, and what were seeing in commodity movement by the way on those items is were seeing some stuff going down and some stuff going way up as farmers shift their focus from growing say basil to wheat and so were dealing with a broad market basket. We did take pepper up specifically two years ago when it started to surge. Weve managed how were passing those things through to customers. We dont want to necessarily get into an immediate pass through up and down on it because a lot of our cost base is based on what kind of inventory positions we take.  And we think were at a competitive advantage because of the global sourcing teams that we have out there looking at crop conditions and helping us make those decisions so its not something that weve really considered for our consumer business. 
Operator: Your final question is a follow-up from the line of Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank 
Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank:  Just to clarify I think that you said that the cash impact of the pension is going to be an incremental $50 to $70 million in 2009?
Gordon Stetz : No, $30 to $50 million. 
Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank: How much are you assuming in terms of expense on the income statement.
Gordon Stetz : The expense impact for 2009 is not going to be material and its a function of our valuation date. Our valuation date for the 2009 expense is set at September 30. As you well know at September 30 the rates were higher so the discount rates on the liability were higher and we had yet to experience the more severe drop in the overall market on the assets. Our expense for 2009 was set prior to that, 2010 clearly depending on what happens with market conditions and rates, could be some headwinds for us but well have to see that when we establish the new valuation.  
Operator: There are no additional questions at this time; I would like to turn it back over to management for any additional or closing comments. 
Joyce Brooks: This concludes todays call.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-09-25 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Joyce Brooks - Vice President, Investor Relations Alan Wilson - President and Chief Executive Officer Gordon Stetz - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Paul Beard - Senior Vice President Finance and Treasurer
Analysts: Jonathan Feeney  Wachovia Securities Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank Mitch Pinheiro  Janney, Montgomery, Scott Ann Gurkin  Davenport Andrew Lazar  Barclays
Operator: Welcome to the McCormick third quarter 2008 conference call. (Operator Instructions) It is now my pleasure to introduce your host Joyce Brooks, Vice President of Investor Relations for McCormick.
Joyce Brooks: With me today are Alan Wilson, President and CEO, Gordon Stetz, Executive Vice President and CFO and Paul Beard, Senior Vice President Finance and Treasurer. Following our remarks we look forward to discussing your questions. Before we begin our discussion please note that during the course of this conference call we may make projections or other forward looking statements and actual results could differ materially from those projected in our forward looking statements. In addition, information we present today which excludes restructuring charges are not GAAP measures. We present this information for comparative purposes along side the most directly comparable GAAP measures.  Please refer to this mornings press release which is posted on our website for more specific information on these topics. As indicated in the press release the company undertakes not obligation to update or revise publicly any forward looking statements whether as a result of new information future events or other factors. It is now my pleasure to turn the discussion over to Alan.
Alan Wilson: The third quarter was an exciting time for McCormick. First, as reported on August 1st we completed our acquisition of Lawrys. To complete this deal we sold our Season-All business on the same date. The 30 day comment period for Lawrys has concluded and the FTC decision is now final. The integration of this business is proceeding well. Steps to transfer production are underway and this project should be completed by early 2009. We recently conducted a consumer research study that measured the level of brand equity for Lawrys and the results exceed the previous levels weve seen. To build upon this our marketing team has developed two new marinade items and a new seasoning blend that will launch early next year. By the second quarter we will launch new marketing support for the brand. If you recall back in our June conference call we indicated that the third quarter would be a period of increased marketing spending designed to maintain our growth momentum. Compared to the year ago period we increased marketing support by 30% this quarter. In the US we ran print ads to gain consumer awareness of our new flavored pepper and crusting blend products.  In selected regions consumers saw outdoor advertising for Old Bay seafood seasoning. To attract new users we stepped up our television ads for Grill Mates and Grinders, both of which have a relatively low household penetration of around 10%. We also increased our promotion and advertising in Europe. As you have heard from other food companies we are in a tough environment with volatile material costs and consumers that are under pressure. The strain on consumer spending was evident in our US Industrial business where reduced demand from restaurant customers affected sales and profits. In Europe, as we moved through the quarter both our Industrial and Consumer segments began to feel the impact of a rapid economic decline especially in our largest markets, France and the UK. Across all of our major markets continue to realize pricing that is sufficient to offset our higher costs while minimizing consumer trade down to private label and economy brands. As US consumers shift to alternative channels we have worked to grow the distribution of our brands with these customers. In the second quarter we announced new distribution with a regional value price chain and Im pleased to report within the third quarter we expanded a limited line of McCormick products to 40 additional items with a large non-grocery customer. Im proud of our employees success in optimizing our product distribution and store merchandising, achieving the right marketing mix, introducing new products and improving cost efficiencies throughout the supply chain. Our accomplishments in each of these areas are evident in our financial results this quarter and have created good momentum for the fourth quarter. Id now like to turn it over to Gordon to discuss our financial results for the third quarter in more detail.
Gordon Stetz: I would like to add my welcome to those of you who have joined us today. Im going to begin with comments on the total business then move into each of our two segments. Third quarter sales were up 9.1% with a 2.9% benefit from foreign exchange rates. With a weak dollar through the first three quarters exchange rates have had a positive impact on sales. With some strengthening of the dollar, exchange rates could have a negative sales impact in the fourth quarter. In addition to the currency benefit we were able to realize 4.4% of pricing in the third quarter. Volume and product mix were up 1.8% with a strong contribution from the Consumer business partially offset by lower volume and mix in the Industrial business. For the total company acquisitions added 2.9% to the quarter. These included Lawrys, Billy Bee Honey and Thai Kitchen Europe less the reduction in sales from the disposition of Season-All. Gross profit dollars rose 8.5% while costs for certain commodities have come down a bit in the last few months they are still well above last years levels. In the third quarter we were able to offset the impact of these higher costs with increased prices. We also had a positive impact on margins with a greater increase in Consumer versus Industrial sales. As a result, gross profit margin declined just 20 basis points this quarter compared to a 60 basis point decline in the second quarter and 100 basis points in the first quarter. We continue to face cost increases that include packaging materials, and certain herbs and spices as well as other ingredients. We will consider further price increases and have already announced the second 2008 increase for some of our Consumer products in Europe and Canada as well as our Zatarains rice products in the US. Our work to improve productivity throughout the organization continues especially in Europe where restructuring actions are still underway. Excluding restructuring charges in the third quarter 2007 and 2008 operating income rose $3.3 million or 3.5%. Increased sales and gross profit led to higher income including the impact of acquisitions. As part of our 2008 plan to increase marketing support behind our brands we stepped up our third quarter activity. This added $6.8 million to promotion and advertising expense for the third quarter. Below operating income lower interest rates continued into the third quarter leading to a favorable variance in interest expense. We reported two items this quarter related to the Lawrys transaction. One was our $12.9 million gain on the sale of Season-All and the other was a $5 million cost related to the rebalancing of our debt structure. These had a net EPS impact of $0.04 slightly ahead of the $0.03 guidance we gave on August 1st. With the impact of some discrete tax items our rate for the quarter was 29.7% below our guidance of 31%. This takes our year to date tax rate to 30.2% although at this time we expect the fourth quarter tax rate to be closer to 31%. Income from unconsolidated operations rose $0.8 million this quarter reversing a decrease in the first two quarters. We have been pleased that our joint venture in Mexico is effectively managing through a tough situation with the higher cost of soy bean oil and increasing volume along with pricing. EPS for the third quarter was $0.52 excluding $0.02 of restructuring charges, $0.07 for the gain on the sale of Season-All and $0.03 for the cost to rebalance our debt structure; adjusted earnings per share were $0.50. In the third quarter of 2007 we reported EPS of $0.43 which was $0.45 excluding restructuring charges. Comparing the adjusted results of $0.50 in 2008 to $0.45 in 2007 the $0.05 increase was comprised of $0.02 from higher operating income and $0.03 from the combination of reduced interest expense, a lower tax rate and higher income from our unconsolidated operations. Let me provide some details about each of our two business segments beginning with the Consumer segment. Across all regions Consumer sales rose an impressive 14.4% with a favorable impact of 3.9% from foreign exchange rates and 7.3% from volume and product mix that included a 4.5% from acquisitions. The remaining increase of 3.2% was due to our pricing actions. In the Americas we grew Consumer sales 15% with a favorable impact of 0.6% from currency. Volume and product mix were up 9.9% and pricing added 4.5% to sales this quarter. Of the 9.9% increase in volume and product mix acquisitions accounted for 5.9% of the increase. As Alan noted we had new and expanded distribution of branded products with non-grocery customers and increases in warehouse clubs. With incremental marketing support we are achieving increased sales of our branded products. In addition, we continue to grow our sales of private label and economy brands.  In Europe, Consumer sales rose 11% with a significant increase 10.5% coming from favorable currency exchange rates. Higher pricing also had a positive effect increasing sales 1.2%. This was offset in part by a 0.7% impact of volume and product mix including sales from Thai Kitchen in Europe. Our markets in the UK and France began to feel the impact of growing economic pressure on the consumer. In the UK, for example, shoppers are facing food inflation that has exceeded 8%. Sales of the UK Schwartz brand outpaced the category for the quarter. As we move through the third quarter sales declined in France. In addition to a difficult economy we are also beginning to see signs of trade inventory reductions in this market. In the Netherlands we continue to face stiff competition and are working to regain distribution lost in 2006 with improved merchandising and product innovation. Our team in Europe is working to compete more effectively in this difficult market as they complete several restructuring actions, pass through higher costs in our pricing, introduce new products and optimize our marketing mix. In the Asia/Pacific region we had excellent growth with Consumer sales up 24.8% and 11.7% in local currency. This increase was driven by higher volume and favorable product mix primarily in China. We are encouraged by improvement in Australia with the successful introduction of seasoning mixes for slow cookers and reduced sugar Aeroplane Jelly along with a customized version of the gravity feed merchandising system. Across all regions operating income for the Consumer business was $75.1 million when restructuring charges are excluded. When compared to the third quarter 2007 on this same basis this was an increase of $4.6 million or 6.5% even with the higher marketing spending this year. Year to date we have increased operating income by 7.6% and total marketing support by 17.2%. Moving over to the Industrial business we had some varying results across customer groups and regions. Across all markets we were able to offset the dollar increase in cost with higher pricing. For the third quarter total industrial sales rose 3% and 1.3% in local currency. Higher pricing added 5.8% to sales while volume and product mix were down 4.5%. In the Americas sales were up 0.7% but down 0.2% in local currency. In this region higher pricing of 5.3% was largely offset by lower volume and product mix. Declines in coatings and other restaurant customer products drove much of this decrease. This included some actions on our part to discontinue the sale of certain low margin items. We have been successful in winning the business for several value added new products during the quarter and are working hard to develop new customer partnerships for our Industrial business in the Americas. Industrial sales in Europe increased 0.6% and 0.7% in local currency. Foreign exchange rates had little impact here as our primary exposure is to the British Pound whereas our Consumer business in Europe is affected by both the Euro and the British Pound. We realized a significant amount of pricing which added 9.1% to Industrial sales in Europe this quarter. Volume and product mix declined 8.4% primarily with restaurant customers. As in the US this decline included some actions on our part to discontinue the sale of certain lower margin items. The reduced volume has had an unfavorable impact on our manufacturing efficiencies and we are aggressively pursuing new business in this region. We grew sales in the Asia/Pacific region 25.9% and 14.1% in local currency. Results that were close to what we reported in the second quarter. Pricing had a minimal impact in this region. Higher volumes and a positive sales mix resulted from increased sales of both core and promotional items to quick service restaurants in both China and Australia. Excluding restructuring charges operating income for the Industrial business was $21.3 million versus $22.6 million in the third quarter 2007. Following two quarters of increases lower volume led to a $1.3 million decrease this quarter.  We achieved higher profits this quarter in our US Industrial business following the transformative steps taken since 2005. However, the lower volume in Europe caused production costs to be higher in that region and in Canada we had some incremental startup costs associated with their June implementation of SAP. While we continue to collaborate with our Industrial customers to effectively pass through higher costs our attention is on the development of new value added products to support the growth of our food manufacturer and restaurant customers while carefully managing the cost price equation for this business. I want to spend a few minutes on the quarter end balance sheet and our cash flow. At August 31st accounts receivable were up 7.5% compared to a year ago which was below the 9.1% increase in third quarter sales. As reported last quarter we have made progress in renegotiating credit terms with several customers in international markets. Inventory was up only 5.1% compared to a year ago. The $22 million increase was more than accounted for by $16 million of incremental inventory from acquisitions and an estimated $10 million related to higher commodity costs. Including the new debt for Lawrys debt to total capital ended the quarter at 52.7% compared to 47.4% in the prior year. On September 3rd we issued $250 million in aggregate principal amount of 5.25% notes due 2013 to term out part of the commercial paper issued to fund the Lawrys acquisition. In light of the current credit markets we remind you that existing bank credit facilities are in place to back up $750 million of commercial paper and are available on a same day basis. Our day to day liquidity is secured through our access to the commercial paper market and our bank lines.  Year to date cash flow from operations was $115 million versus $23 million in the year ago period. The primary factors behind this increase were lower payments for restructuring actions, strong collection of receivables, effective management of inventory, and lower retirement planned contributions. Year to date we have used cash and increased debt to fund $697 million of acquisitions, $86 million of dividends and $57 million of capital expenditures. That completes my remarks on our third quarter financial results and it is my pleasure to turn it back over to Alan for our latest financial outlook.
Alan Wilson: Weve had strong year to date results and are on track to meet our latest financial objectives in 2008. We reaffirm our sales growth projection of 9% to 10% which was increased in August to include the Lawrys acquisition. At the same time we increased our EPS range by $0.06 to $2.03 to $2.07 adding $0.03 for accretion from Lawrys, $0.06 for the gain on the sale of Season-All plus $0.03 for the cost to rebalance debt. Since the gain on Season-All came in at $0.07 per share this quarter we are increasing this range by $0.01 per share and are now projecting 2008 EPS in a range of $2.04 to $2.08 range. In addition to the items related to the Lawrys acquisition keep in mind that this 2008 EPS range also includes $0.10 per share of restructuring charges. We reported 2007 EPS of $1.73 and excluding restructuring charges $1.92. On an adjusted basis the underlying EPS growth rate we are projecting for 2008 is in a 9% to 11% range. As a final remark on our financial outlook for 2008 I also want to reaffirm our guidance for cash from operations of at least $300 million. Let me summarize, we will continue to face challenges in our fourth quarter and into next year with continued material cost volatility an increasingly difficult economy, restaurant industry weakness and most recently headwinds from a stronger dollar. However, as we look to our fourth quarter and into 2009 there are a number of things that give me confidence in delivering strong results. First, the strength of our Consumer brand franchise which is holding up in this higher price environment. Second, the increased marketing support to drive these brands. Third, the new distribution we have won and our new product activity for both Consumer and Industrial businesses. Fourth, our progress with cost reductions and our opportunities to reduce working capital. Fifth, our acquisition strategy and execution. I look forward to sharing our fourth quarter results and a more specific 2008 outlook with you in our January call. To our shareholders and everyone on the call thank you for your interest and attention. We would now like to take your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Jonathan Feeney  Wachovia Securities.
Jonathan Feeney  Wachovia Securities: Do you have a cross company volume number excluding Lawrys, excluding acquisitions and divestitures?
Gordon Stetz: The total company volume for the quarter x acquisitions and divestitures was down about 1%. That is a function of really the Industrial business. The Consumer business grew close to 3% and the Industrial business was down on volume.
Jonathan Feeney  Wachovia Securities: Could you give me a little bit more detail on the Industrial business about lower sales to restaurant customers? How powerful is that negative product mix between other industrial customers in food service, what sort of impact is that having and whats it likely to mean in the quarters ahead?
Alan Wilson: Its a continuation of the trends that weve seen at least in the North American markets where consumers are shifting more to at home eating. Our food service business it comprises both the sales that we make to fast food restaurants as well as our branded distribution business. We are seeing still good strength in our consumer food manufacturer business where we sell seasonings and value added flavors to people who process foods. Were seeing some mixed results in that. Keep in mind weve also exited some additional business in this quarter both in the US and Europe that would cause the sales to be a bit depressed.
Jonathan Feeney  Wachovia Securities: If you could, could you quantify what the impact of sales exits like I noticed ongoing sku rationalization had on that business?
Alan Wilson: Its a fairly small amount. I dont have those numbers in front of me.
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank.
Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank: Thank goodness youre in spices and not chicken. I was kind of surprised when you announced you had put through additional pricing this late in the year given how much seasonality you have in your business. Companies like Campbells Soup, for example, have been reluctant to raise prices, been the heart of their season. Can you talk about how that decision came about, what the retailers reaction was to that and how that price increase is going in terms of implementation?
Alan Wilson: The increases were in our Zatarains business where weve seen continued escalation in rice prices and it was specifically only on the rice products. We also did it in Europe which has less of a holiday seasonality. Weve not done that in the US market where our fourth quarter is such a critical period and weve said in the past that only under certain circumstances on major commodities would we try to do that in our US business. Its a bit limited to those two areas, other than in the Industrial business where we have the normal pass through of commodity prices.
Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank: Turning to Europe, its kind of difficult for us here to judge, General Mills which has a relatively small European business but did very well this past quarter, Heinz has a very big business in Europe and the last time they reported their numbers were quite good, same thing with Sara Lee, same think with Kellogg. Youve been kind of signaling a bit more weakness in the market and certainly economists and other folks have contingently said there are problems developing here. Im wondering, why we would see a greater impact in your business before we would see it with some of the other major package food names.
Alan Wilson: Im only speculating here about the others because I dont know their business that well. Our business is largely in the UK and France and our business outside those two markets is still relatively minor. What we are seeing specifically in the UK is that were growing share but were seeing some category declines. What were seeing in France is more of an inventory adjustment by large customers than were necessarily seeing weakness and off take. I dont know if that helps to answer the question but were just trying to signal where we see our business. We will say that we saw more deceleration in the last month of the quarter than we saw through the year. Weve actually through the year our volumes are up.
Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank: Is it as bad as it was a few years ago where were seeing the French flock to these hard discounters where McCormick, at least in the past, didnt really have a response to that? Is that whats happening?
Alan Wilson: In France we have not seen a major impact on the consumer off take, weve just seen the inventory adjustments and we did introduce a line to help compete with the hard discounters and frankly were viewing any move to hard discounters now as an opportunity to put our brands into additional channels. I dont think thats as much the impact that it was three years ago. I think what were seeing right now is an inventory adjustment.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mitch Pinheiro  Janney, Montgomery, Scott.
Mitch Pinheiro  Janney, Montgomery, Scott: As consumers move down channel are there any margin implications in your business?
Alan Wilson: If were selling our branded products there arent margin implications. We are selling the same products at the same kind of prices. Certainly the consumer may find some value because certain retailers take different margins on the products but it doesnt impact our margins.
Mitch Pinheiro  Janney, Montgomery, Scott: How about looking at private label, could you share some category information as how private label has done in spices and dry seasoning mixes?
Alan Wilson: What were seeing is private label gaining a small amount of share in spices and losing share in dry seasoning mixes. Were gaining share in dry seasoning mixes and pretty well holding our share in spices and herbs. Other people are being more impacted than we are. Thats in the US market. I dont have details on whats happening in other markets other than that were growing share in the UK.
Mitch Pinheiro  Janney, Montgomery, Scott: Last year you, in the third quarter, were pushing a little more inventory into the channel to make sure you had display and the proper amount of inventory ahead of your strong season. Was there any change relative to last year in this years quarter?
Alan Wilson: Nothing significant, we had the same program that we had last year. We liked the results of it and getting the displays out early and we continue the same program the impact was about the same so theres not any major shift.
Mitch Pinheiro  Janney, Montgomery, Scott: The marketing spend increase that was focused you had said Grill Mates, and some other I cant recall all the areas but was it media or did it involve any other promotion.
Alan Wilson: It was a combination of media and product sampling but it was mostly media.
Mitch Pinheiro  Janney, Montgomery, Scott: It would be easy to make the assumption that for every dollar lost on the away from home channel if it is going in the eat at home channel but how does that work specifically at McCormick? Are you seeing, have you looked at that, are you seeing any one for one study, one for two study, is there any way to color that for us conceptually obviously you benefit on either end but is it truly a wash or is there a benefit or a loss there?
Alan Wilson: It depends on where the shift is occurring in the restaurant channel because our distributor food service business is a branded business very much like our grocery business. In terms of the way we think about it, it is certainly a positive shift for us as people are eating more at home. Because of the purchase frequency you dont necessarily see that if somebodys not going to eat out on Friday night that theyre buying a product at the grocery store instead like you might see in beef or chicken. Over time that certainly is a healthy trend for us and a positive margin story for us. I think thats what weve seen for the best part of this year.
Mitch Pinheiro  Janney, Montgomery, Scott: Do you track website hits, recipe hits and things like that on your website?
Alan Wilson: We do and I know the next question is going to be what are they and I dont have up to date information. I would expect were seeing increased trends because a large part of our marketing activity has been focused on interactive media which is largely recipe based. I dont have good metrics in front of me.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ann Gurkin  Davenport.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport: You made a comment that retailers in France were adjusting inventory is there any issue for McCormick with respect to that?
Alan Wilson: Only from the impact of sales volumes, this happens from time to time in different markets with different retailers. Its a bit of an accordion process because theyll shrink down then realize they have out of stocks then theyll start to shift back up. We dont expect, as long as theres not a slow down in consumer off take that its going to have a long term impact but we did see it starting to occur in the third quarter.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport: You anticipate it continuing in the fourth quarter as well?
Alan Wilson: It could but at some point if the off take stays healthy it will catch up.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport: Your marketing spend was up 30% in the quarter is this a new level of increased marketing spending or is this increased spending in this current environment, if you could help me with that.
Alan Wilson: Its a little bit of both. It was a shift into third quarter to really support our Grill Mates products and so it was a bit of decision and a timing that we shifted from second quarter to third quarter. Youll recall in second quarter our spending was more flattish. In terms of overall we are consciously and proactively increasing our rate of marketing spend.  I think thats very important in economic times like this that we make sure were keep our brand relevant, that were communicating with consumers and that theres a reason to come to McCormick products. Thats a very conscious and proactive approach to our marketing.
Operator: Your last question comes from Andrew Lazar  Barclays.
Andrew Lazar  Barclays: I was still surprised with the profitability in the industrial space given the pricing that you did get through there. Was this simply a fixed cost absorption issue around volume? If so, I know one of the solutions you talked about was going out and gaining sales from different customers and such. I guess that can take a little more time versus working on the cost side or maybe reigning in capacity a bit.  Are there opportunities on the cost side with capacity as well in industrial or are you where you need to be and its just a matter of taking some time to get through sales. Im trying to get a sense of how long that absorption issue may be an issue in the fourth or into 09?
Alan Wilson: Remember most of this was a European issue. The European business has been going this year through the same restructuring that we went through in 2006 in the US business. It is a shift as we have discontinued some products where margins werent acceptable and we have to rebuild our utilization. We are monitoring and managing our costs in that business. We have significantly reduced the costs that well start to see the impact on that.  Youre right, it does take some time to rebuild the right kind of volume but were pretty confident that will happen in the near term as we do it just like it has in the US business.
Andrew Lazar  Barclays: The strategy around getting retailers the proper inventory levels and such and receivables terms in the third quarter so theyre well set for the fourth quarter like you did last year. I know you did that again this year would say equally as successful. In other words, no major differences year over year in the amount of lets say volume pulled through into the third versus the fourth, versus last year.
Alan Wilson: There was no major shift in those. We can track that pretty accurately because this is all display activity. It is pretty even year on year.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. 
Joyce Brooks: This concludes todays call. Through October 2nd you may access a telephone replay of the call. If you have any further questions or points to discuss regarding todays information I can be reached.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-06-26 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Joyce Brooks - Vice President, Investor Relations Alan Wilson - President and CEO Gordon Stetz - Executive Vice President and CFO Paul Beard - Senior Vice President Finance and Treasurer
Analysts: Ken Goldman  Bear Stearns Jon Feeney  Wachovia Securities Robert Moscow  Credit Suisse  Chris Growe  Stifel Nicolaus Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank Eric Serotta  Merrill Lynch Mitch Pinheiro  Janney, Montgomery, Scott Andrew Lazar  Lehman Brothers
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Welcome to the McCormick Second Quarter 2008 Conference Call. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host Ms. Joyce Brooks, Vice President of Investor Relations for McCormick.
Joyce Brooks: Good morning to everyone joining us today by phone and webcast for a review of McCormicks Second quarter results and a discussion of the companys business and outlook. With me today are Alan Wilson, President and CEO, Gordon Stetz, Executive Vice President and CFO and Paul Beard, Senior Vice President Finance and Treasurer. Following our remarks we look forward to discussing your questions. As a reminder our comments on the Lawrys acquisition continue to be limited because of the regulatory review that is underway. Before we begin our discussion please note that during the course of this conference call we may make projections or other forward looking statements and actual results could differ materially from those projected in our forward looking statements. In addition, information we present today which excludes restructuring charges and credits are not GAAP measures. We present this information for comparative purposes along side the most directly comparable GAAP measures. Please refer to this mornings press release which is posted on our website for more specific information on these topics. As indicated in the press release the company undertakes not obligation to update or revise publicly any forward looking statements whether as a result of new information future events or other factors. It is now my pleasure to turn the discussion over to Alan.
Alan Wilson: Im extremely pleased to report strong financial results for McCormicks second quarter. The sales results are evidence that our growth initiatives are resonating with customers and consumers and our pricing actions and profit performance demonstrate that we are effectively managing through an unprecedented period of escalating costs. As we look to the second half of 2008 I have increased confidence in our ability to deliver a year of record results for the company. Our solid performance in the second quarter was broad based. At the top line we followed 11% in the first quarter with another 11% sales increase. This is ahead of the original 2008 sales growth goal of 4% to 6% as well as the upwardly revised projection of 5% to 7% sales growth set back in March. We achieved the strong second quarter growth with a combination of pricing, favorable foreign exchange rates, favorable product mix and incremental sales from recent acquisitions. US customers responded to our marketing programs with increased purchases of reduced sodium Zatarains products and continued strength in our Gourmet items which now feature new flip top caps. With a new salmon seasoning and Grill Mates Grinder our grilling season is off to a great start. By the end of the second quarter we crossed the 10,000 store mark with installations of our new merchandizing system. In addition to the positive impact on sales, this and other marketing initiatives recently helped us gain new distribution with a regional retail chain. As in the US increased marketing new products and improvements to our merchandising in the UK and France have received a positive reaction for both customers and consumers. Our early read on new products in the US which include flavored pepper, crusting blends and cinnamon grinders is quite positive. Weve met our goals in product placement at retail stores and have begun to launch print, sampling and other marketing support to gain consumer awareness and trial. In Europe we have introduced a new premium line of seasonings as well as a number of new barbeque items. Looking ahead to the second half of 2008 we are re-launching our entire line of [Bandane] dessert items with greatly significantly upgraded packaging and Ive already received a great response from retailers in France. I want to point out that significant level of marketing support is planned for the third quarter to drive growth of the new US and international items I just mentioned as well as summertime favorites such as Grill Mates, Old Bay and Grinders. In our US Industrial business increased prices help offset the impact of higher commodity costs and we overcame weakness in the restaurant industry with new products sold to quick service customers and food manufacturers. In International markets growth in industrial sales continued to outpace US growth with particular strength this quarter in a number of countries including the UK, South Africa, China and Australia. Increased demand by restaurant customers is a primary driver of these results. I wanted to provide an update on our February purchase of Billy Bee Honey in Canada. Since acquiring this business the integration has progressed well and we recently announced that by April 2009 production would be moved from a stand alone leased facility and consolidated with another McCormick facility in Canada. Also in Canada after months of careful preparation our team successfully implemented SAP in June. Cost savings from SAP our restructuring program and other supply chain initiatives are integral parts of our effort to manage through a tough cost environment. Margin pressure from higher cost commodities and to some extent energy have continued. Through a combination of pricing actions, cost savings and favorable product mix we have effectively offset these increases. For the second quarter we were able to report a 9.6% increase in gross profit dollars which is just below our 11.2% increase in sales. Those of you who have followed us closely since the restructuring program began late in 2005 know that we made excellent progress in North America during 2006 and 2007 and that a number of actions in 2008 are underway in Europe. We are working to complete a facility consolidation in France and recently announced changes to our direct store distribution network in the UK which will improve efficiency and increase our capacity to handle greater product volume. The restructuring credit we reported this quarter was due to a gain on the sale of our plant in Salinas, California which was consolidated with other manufacturing facilities in 2007. The last comment I wanted to make at this point before turning it over to Gordon relates to one of my top priorities for McCormick in 2008, Cash. Our goal for 2008 is to deliver at least $300 million cash from operations. This is an increase of $75 million from our year ago results. Through the first half cash from operations was up $101 million so we are well on our way toward a significant improvement from 2007. To discuss in more detail our cash flow and other financial results Im going to turn it over to Gordon.
Gordon Stetz: Ill provide some remarks on the total business and some color on our two segments. Second quarter sales were up 11.2% the currency impact was again favorable this period adding 3.9% to our sales growth. While higher pricing contributed significantly to the sales growth the combination of volume and product mix also had a positive effect that included the impact of new products and new distribution as well as 1.7% in incremental sales from acquisitions, Billy Bee in Canada and Thai Kitchen in Europe. Alan stated that our gross profit dollars rose 9.6%. While this increase demonstrates our ability to pass through our higher costs it also illustrates the impact of todays input cost environment on gross profit margin. Margin was 39% compared to 39.6% in the second quarter of 2007 a decline of 60 basis points. I would like to point out that this is a modest improvement from the 100 basis point gross profit margin decline we reported in the first quarter when we were still putting some of our pricing actions in place. Excluding the restructuring credit we reported this quarter operating income rose 4.5%. This rate of increase was below the 11% growth in sales mainly due to an 18% increase in marketing support. The addition $4.8 million of marketing support funded incremental print advertising, interactive media and other programs designed to drive sales of our branded products. I encourage you to take a look at a new part of our website launched in the second quarter called, Spices For Health where we provide consumers with information such as the antioxidant properties of many spices and herbs. In our McCormick Gourmet website now features cooking videos with Cat Cora, the first female Iron Chef and with Christopher Lee recently named one of Food & Wine Magazines best new chefs. Below operating income lower interest rates led to a favorable variance in interest expense. In addition, interest income was favorable in the second quarter. EPS was also impacted by a carry over benefit from 2007 share repurchase activity. In 2008 we continued to curtail our share repurchase activity in anticipation of the Lawrys acquisition. EPS for the second quarter was $0.41 and on a pro-forma basis $0.39. This was a $0.04 increase from $0.35 in 2007 with $0.02 from operating income and $0.02 from the lower interest expense and increased interest income. Keep in mind that the impact from increased operating income includes the effect of greater marketing support. Let me provide a few details about each of our business segments beginning with the Consumer segment. Across all regions consumer sales rose 12.1% with a favorable impact of 5% from foreign exchange rates and 2.6% from recent acquisitions. About 70% of the remaining increase came from pricing actions and 30% from favorable mix and higher volume. In the Americas we grew consumer sales 11.4% with a favorable impact of 1.8% from currency and another 3% from Bill Bee. An increase of 6.6% had similar contributions from pricing and from favorable product mix and increased volume. Alan commented earlier about the role of new products, new distribution, marketing and merchandising in achieving these results. We are not seeing any measurable pull back by US consumers following our February price increase. While our latest consumer take away analysis showed a pick up in private label purchases there was a nearly equal increase in consumer purchases of our branded products. In Europe consumer sales rose 12.6% with the majority of the increase 11% coming from favorable currency. In addition, higher pricing had a positive effect on sales as well as the 2007 acquisition of Thai Kitchen in Europe which added 2% this quarter. Our markets in the UK and France are also benefiting from improved store merchandising, product innovation and marketing support. In several smaller markets we are working to improve our financial performance with changes in distribution systems, merchandising, product packaging and marketing.  We increased consumer sales in the Asia/Pacific region 17.4% and 4.2% in local currency. While we continue to grow sales in China at a double digit pace our consumer business in Australia was down slightly. In both Australia and China we are introducing improved merchandising systems which have been successful in the US and Europe. Across all regions operating income for the consumer business was $55.8 million when restructuring charges are excluded. When compared to the second quarter of 2007 on this same basis this was an increase of $2.7 million or 5.1%. This was below the 12% increase in sales again due mainly to increased investments to grow our brands. We still expect to increase advertising this year with an even greater increase in our total marketing support which includes point of sale materials, sampling and other sales building programs. Moving over to the Industrial business we continue to face steep increases and volatility in several commodities including flour, soy oil and cheese. Our US restaurant customers continue to be pressured by industry weakness. Despite these pressures we have been able to largely pass through the higher costs to our customers. In the second quarter we grew industrial sales 10.1% and 7.6% in local currency. Higher pricing was the primary factor behind this increase. In the Americas the increase was 8.2% with 2% from favorable foreign exchange. Higher pricing in response to commodity cost increases more than offset a decline from product mix and volume. We had success with a number of new products for snacks, beverages, poultry and side dishes. However, demand was down this quarter for some of our core restaurant products as customers shifted their emphasis to other menu items. We increased industrial sales in Europe 9.6% and 8.9% in local currency. Higher pricing drove two thirds of this increase and favorable product mix and volume provided the remaining one third. Sales in the Asia/Pacific region rose 26.9% and 14.2% in local currency. Pricing had a minimal impact in the second quarter. Higher volumes and a positive sales mix resulted from increased sales of seasonings for chicken sold to restaurant customers and snack seasonings sold to food manufacturers. Excluding restructuring charges, operating income for the industrial business was $21.6 million up from $21 million in the second quarter of 2007. We were pleased to be able to offset the impact of higher costs and deliver a modest increase in profit for this part of our business. To summarize my remarks on the industrial business we have worked hard and had good success in minimizing the impact of this tough environment on our business in the first half of 2008.  I want to spend a few minutes on the quarter end balance sheet and our cash flow. At the end of the quarter accounts receivable were up 15.4%. When measured in local currency the increase in receivables was 7.5% which was close to the 7.3% increase in sales in local currency. I am pleased to report that we have made progress in renegotiating payment terms with several customers in international markets. Inventory was up only 7.5% of the $32 million increase $15 million was due to foreign exchange rates, $7 million to acquisitions and we estimate that another $13 million related to higher commodity costs. Debt to total capital ended the second quarter at 38% compared to 43.1% in the prior year. Although debt is about even with the year ago balance the weak US dollar has had a significant effect in lowering this ratio. Cash from operations in the first half of 2008 was $93 million versus a negative $8 million in the year ago period. The primary factors behind this increase were lower payments for restructuring actions, strong collection of receivables, lower retirement plan contributions and the timing of tax payments. In 2008 we have used cash and increased debt to fund the $76 million acquisition of Billy Bee, $57 million of dividends and $40 million of capital expenditures. That completes my remarks on our second quarter financial results and it is my pleasure to turn it over to Alan for our latest financial outlook.
Alan Wilson: While we had a strong first half 2008 has had its share of challenges. The future effect of the global economy on our business creates some uncertainty as does continued escalation and volatility in commodity costs and higher energy costs. To achieve these results in a tough environment is a reflection of the commitment and drive of our employees throughout the company. I would like to provide our latest financial guidance that continues to exclude the acquisition of Lawrys which is currently under regulatory review. We remain excited about the prospect of adding Lawrys brand to our portfolio of products. Looking ahead to the second half we can expect to continue to grow sales as consumers react positively to our revitalization efforts, product innovation and marketing programs. We also expect to have incremental sales from the Billy Bee acquisition, new distribution and a continued benefit from our pricing actions. As a result we are now projecting sales growth in the high single digits. This is up from 5% to 7% range we forecast at our last call back in March. Our pricing actions, cost savings and favorable product mix have offset much of the commodity cost increases to date. We expect these same factors to continue to provide an offset in the second half. As a result gross profit dollars and operating income dollars should also increase at a high single digit pace, although we expect continued pressure on margins. We reaffirm our expectation to achieve earnings per share in our target range of $1.97 to $2.01. This includes an estimated $0.10 per share of restructuring charges. Excluding those charges for both 2008 and 2007 this is an 8% to 10% growth rate. Due primarily to our third quarter marketing programs I mentioned at the beginning of my remarks we are projecting a modest increase in earnings per share for the third quarter followed by a more significant increase in our fourth quarter. Not unlike a number of other food companies we are meeting our 2008 profit objective with greater than expected sales growth. While we have not been able to improve margins we are pleased to be able to minimize the impact of todays tough cost environment. This dynamic will be with us through 2008 and could easily extend into 2009. We remain confident that our business can increase EPS 9% to 11% annually in 2009 and beyond. In the near term at least sales growth may play a stronger role than margin expansion in achieving this result. As a final remark to our financial outlook for 2008 I also want to reaffirm our guidance of $300 million or more of cash from operations. Let me summarize, I hope you could sense from comments this morning our enthusiasm about this business and the confidence in our ability to deliver strong financial results. McCormick employees around the world are making great strides through their key initiatives to drive sales and improve efficiency through our operations. Their focus and energy have created real momentum and are the reason for our confidence. To our shareholders and everyone on this call thank you for your interest and attention. I look forward to reporting more great progress and solid results in the upcoming quarters. Wed now like to discuss your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Ken Goldman  Bear Stearns.
Ken Goldman  Bear Stearns: Its good to hear that you remain excited about Lawrys. I know you cant talk at all about it but my question is if unfortunately Lawrys would fall through where would your focus be? Would it focus on replacing it with other acquisitions and maybe you could talk a little bit about how fertile that market is or would you really just turn to share repurchase. Just give us a little sense of what your backup plan is.
Alan Wilson: First we dont expect that to be an issue but we would look at the other uses of cash. There are certainly other acquisition alternatives that are there but we would definitely be back into a share repurchase plan. Its pure speculation because we expect that not to be an issue.
Ken Goldman  Bear Stearns: Business with food manufacturers you touched on it a little bit can you describe in a little more detail how healthy that is, how youre feeling about your work with the General Mills of the world and so forth and maybe what some of the trends are there.
Alan Wilson: Our business with food manufacturers is pretty healthy. If you recall thats a big part of what weve done in our industrial restructuring is to reduce the number of customers in that area we are working with and really focus on fewer larger customers and were really seeing the results of that. Our business in that area was pretty strong last year and continues to be strong this year and the outlook looks pretty good.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jon Feeney  Wachovia Securities.
Jon Feeney  Wachovia Securities: I wanted to ask about the US industrial business specifically, it look like some that restaurant business has fallen off a little bit which is to be expected with all thats going on with the economy. Is there a notable negative margin mix going on in that industrial business thats hurting you as restaurants suffer and food manufacturers really dont.
Alan Wilson: Margins are certainly under a good deal of pressure in that area because of the commodity costs. The commodity cost increases that were seeing are more geared to that customer base because thats where the flour and soy bean oil are used. Theres certainly more of a margin compression based on commodity costs than there are in other parts of our business.
Jon Feeney  Wachovia Securities: On the grocery side you mentioned just about pacing private label, trade down has been an issue in some categories, not so much in others. Are there any other retailers out there in the pipeline that are making noise around store brands? I know you dealt with Costco a year ago, any concerns there?
Alan Wilson: Not anything significant that were seeing. Certainly every retailer is trying to differentiate themselves using their private label. Were not seeing any large increase in activity and I think most retailers understand that they need a strong healthy brand to bring the innovation to help with their private label as well. Were not seeing a significant increase in activity.
Jon Feeney  Wachovia Securities: Could you update us on the gravity feed shelving initiative, theres not really much mention of it and I know were kind of getting to the end of the roll out but where do we stand, hows it lifting your sales?
Alan Wilson: Were still seeing the same impact that weve talked about something in the mid single digits. Obviously theres a lot of variety depending on the individual customer and an awful lot going on in the analytical base as things change. Were very happy with it, we are wrapping up our installations, and were well over 10,000 stores now and are kind of finishing up the dribs and drabs that are out there.
Jon Feeney  Wachovia Securities: Those 10,000 stores would those be roughly percent of ACV would that be?
Alan Wilson: Total ACV that would be about a third but it would be a little over 60% of our volume.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Moscow  Credit Suisse.
Robert Moscow  Credit Suisse : The fundamentals in the quarter were just a little lighter than I thought but I thought your guidance for the second half of the year was pretty robust. Can you tell me in the second half what kind of visibility you have, are customers buying in heavily into your merchandising ideas for the coming season, what kind of commitments have they made to you? The second question is going to be a little different, what kind of visibility do you have about the Lawrys business are you meeting with Unilever on a monthly basis, are you getting business updates on that business?
Alan Wilson: Ill answer the second one first because its real easy to answer. We are having very little in terms of conversation on the business, were just not allowed to from a regulatory standpoint. We are certainly tracking data thats in the public domain. Thats about all Im comfortable talking about Lawrys.  We do feel pretty good about our merchandising efforts for the second half of the year. Obviously every year, this year is not different in our consumer business the holiday displays and promotions are a critical part of our business. We tend to perform very well with that, its an important category for our customers, its obviously an important time for us and we put a tremendous amount of emphasis on that both internally and with our customers and we feel pretty good about our plans for the year.  We do have a good tracking on how thats going and we just reviewed in our consumer business yesterday and feel pretty good about it.
Robert Moscow  Credit Suisse : Is there anything specific that youre doing in the second half this year? I remember last year you actually pulled forward a lot of sales into third quarter to try to get ahead of the game for merchandising. Do you have the same strategy this year or are you different?
Alan Wilson: We have a similar strategy this year and we expect that to be successful and already have some commitments from the same customer base that we have. That is a display specific program and feel pretty good about it. Also just to remind you were continuing to increase our spend on advertising and promotion and we will see that in the second half. Were doing both from a retailers standpoint a good effort on displays as well as the investment in advertising and promotion with consumers.
Robert Moscow  Credit Suisse : Does that mean if were forecasting third and fourth quarter that in years past fourth quarter has been the much bigger of the two I imagine it will be again but do you think the growth third quarter to third quarter, fourth quarter to fourth quarter will be comparable to last year. Do you see any big mix shift between third and fourth this year?
Alan Wilson: As we said we expect the third quarter to have a lower growth this year because of our advertising and promotion spend and a higher increase in the fourth quarter.
Robert Moscow  Credit Suisse : What about the sales?
Alan Wilson: We expect sales to be pretty robust in both quarters.
Gordon Stetz: Obviously foreign exchange has been helping us in the first half of the year and the comps on the foreign exchange get different in the fourth quarter. The impact on the fourth quarter from FX we would expect to be less.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Growe  Stifel Nicolaus.
Chris Growe  Stifel Nicolaus: I want to ask one follow up quickly on the Lawrys and then I had one other question. On the Lawrys transaction the fact that youre now under review is there an explicit timeframe that you should expect to hear back on that review or is it just sometime soon, is that the hope?
Alan Wilson: As we said, we expect this to be done in the second half of the year and now that were in the second half of the year its progressing as we would expect but theres not a specific timeframe.
Chris Growe  Stifel Nicolaus: I wanted to ask you mentioned increased distribution in the consumer business in the US and Im curious was there one large customer there, maybe perhaps when youre getting back into there, can you discuss it in any more detail?
Alan Wilson: Sure, its WinCo, its a customer that weve really never had in the Pacific Northwest and its a great growth customer and were very pleased to be able to offer their consumers our products and the consumers are responding.
Chris Growe  Stifel Nicolaus: Relative to the European consumer business that had seen some much better underlying growth excluding foreign exchange which seemed to slow this quarter. I wonder if you could talk about the trends in that business, maybe what happened so sequentially to have that business slow.
Alan Wilson: Theres a couple things going on in the business, the business in the UK and France are performing fairly well and business in some of the smaller markets are performing a little less well. We also made a change in our go to market there which has a negative impact on sales as we move from a direct force to a distributor force in one of the countries which will dilute net sales but have a positive impact on our profits.
Chris Growe  Stifel Nicolaus: You mean going forward or you mean just in this quarter?
Alan Wilson: In this quarter and going forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank.
Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank: Following up on Rob Moscows question regarding the fiscal third quarter guidance, last year you pulled in a fair amount of business and Im wondering how much of the difficult comp is due to that versus the A&P spend?
Alan Wilson: Its really more the A&P spend; we expect the early shipment of displays to be similar to this year as it was last year.
Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank: The early display is not a one time deal; you think its now more of an ongoing situation and willingness of the retailers to take that in early?
Alan Wilson: The retailers that took it were very happy with the program and we were happy with the results as well. Its kind of built in our base now and one of the ways were helping to get products on the shelf faster for the holidays.
Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank: In terms of the US and the competitive dynamics, Tones is still out there and then youve got all these smaller players that we have a tough time following at best. Can you talk a little bit about how, if you hear, the smaller players in the business are doing given the higher working capital and raw material cost volatility situation.
Alan Wilson: I think its a tough environment for everybody out there. Were certainly seeing no downturn in competition or competitive activity from our standpoint. As you know its a really fragmented category with lots of players, a lot of regional players and were not seeing any slowdown in their activity. I cant speak as to how their internal measures are going but weve not seen any up tick but we also havent seen any increases or decrease in the activity.
Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank: You mentioned something about how you had negotiated better account receivable terms with some customers in Europe and I think that thats been a long term problem for the company in terms of working capital and cash conversion cycle. Can you talk a little bit more about that and does that mean that working capital should be a little bit more of a source versus a use?
Gordon Stetz: The answer would be yes. The only caveat would be the pressure from commodity costs on the inventories but it goes back to the McCormick profit initiatives that we started this year. I have to applaud the operating units that have embraced this in terms of looking at the drivers of their working capital and trying to understand the relationships between their actions to drive sales and profit and how they can also manage the balance sheet effectively. Its been embraced by our operating units and the expectation is that they continue to do better under this metric.
Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank: What percentage of the overall business is now being run on SAP, however you want to define that?
Gordon Stetz: The majority of the business, off the top of my head probably about 75% to 80% we just went live in Canada as we mentioned in the script June 1. The major operations are now up on SAP we still have to do some of the smaller units around the rest of the world.
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Serotta  Merrill Lynch.
Eric Serotta  Merrill Lynch: On the consumer business I know this quarter you talked about some gains by private label that were offset by continued gains in your branded business. Im wondering whether you could drill down a bit more into your branded business, I believe last quarter you talked about actually stronger growth in the Gourmet and higher end type items within the branded business and in the base spices and seasonings piece. What were the trends like this quarter?
Alan Wilson: The Gourmet business grew in the mid single digit and it was because of some increased advertising as well as the launch of some new products we did really well with the Gourmet sea salt in this period. Were still seeing core gains that are doing pretty well as well and our dry seasoning mix business is also doing very well.
Eric Serotta  Merrill Lynch: Are there plans for another restaging of the dry seasonings mix business?
Alan Wilson: We are just in the last stages of revitalizing the spice and extracts category and the answer is yes, we are working on a revitalization of the DSM category which well start to see next year.
Eric Serotta  Merrill Lynch: The impact of the pull forward of sales from the fourth quarter to the third quarter, my understanding was last year in order to incent customers to take the product early you offered some more favorable receivables terms that led to ballooning receivables balance at the end of the third quarter and you then collected those in the fourth quarter. This year do you still have to offer customers those incentives to take the product early are they taking it earlier because theyre seeing better listings from the earlier merchandising?
Alan Wilson: The program this year is the same that it was last year and should have a fairly similar impact. On the other hand one thing I would point out that even though receivables went up this is product that have to build. Its either going to be in our inventory and show up there or its going to be in the customers inventory with an extended receivable. The overall impact on cash is not that significant.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mitch Pinheiro  Janney, Montgomery, Scott.
Mitch Pinheiro  Janney, Montgomery, Scott: Can you talk about commodity coverage for where you are now for maybe 09?
Alan Wilson: We generally dont divulge our commodity cost positions. We work with our customers clearly on the industrial side to make sure that the pricing mechanisms are in line with the coverage but in terms of a detailed position of where we have our commodities we generally dont talk about that.
Mitch Pinheiro  Janney, Montgomery, Scott: You talked about collaboration with your larger customers as far as purchasing is there a percentage of your business that is done with greater collaboration now that you could share or give us some indication as to how much is more closely tied with one another?
Alan Wilson: Im not sure how to break out a percentage of that but the things that were working on are the large commodities like soy bean oil, flour and dairy that have a big impact on a fairly small group of customers. I dont have the data to break it out more specifically than that. Those are the key areas where were working collaboratively.
Mitch Pinheiro  Janney, Montgomery, Scott: Staying on the commodity topic, theres always a lag, commodity costs rise and then pricing goes into effect. Has the lag shortened or is there any way you can talk about that?
Alan Wilson: I think our data would say right now that from a pure commodity standpoint that we are pretty well on time with the increases because of the way were working collaboratively theres much much less of a lag than there was last year.
Mitch Pinheiro  Janney, Montgomery, Scott: As far as your ad spending I think I had in my notes that on a full year basis you expected advertising to be up 10%. Am I correct there?
Alan Wilson: Yes, thats right.
Mitch Pinheiro  Janney, Montgomery, Scott: Has the first half, second half mix, first half was it up greater than 10% or less than 10%?
Alan Wilson: It was less than 10%. If you recall from the first quarter it was actually slightly down in the first quarter and this quarter now has caught us up and obviously the third quarter which we talked about will start to put us on that path towards that 10% growth for the year.
Mitch Pinheiro  Janney, Montgomery, Scott: Would it exceed 10%?
Joyce Brooks: We did share in our remarks that sales promotion and advertising together we expect to increase for the fiscal year at rate greater than 10%. Besides media were doing some sampling programs and point of sale material and other kinds of programs behind our brands.
Mitch Pinheiro  Janney, Montgomery, Scott: As far as your shelving initiative you talked about revitalizing the dry seasoning mix areas is there a part two to the shelving initiative are there any learnings that you have that youll re-implement in the existing base and then does that play a part in any dry seasoning mix revitalization?
Alan Wilson: Were learning all the time with this and certainly as we go forward well be doing tweaks to continue to improve it. There are certain segments that are not as well presented in the set so were working on that. Were working on getting the planograms right. Our big initiative has been to get the stores set over the last two years and now on the S&E its more continuous improvement and response.  On the dry seasoning mix business it was about three and a half years ago that we revitalized it and its time for a new refresh its just part of the cycle and were excited about some of the things that we have but were absolutely taking the learnings from the spice and extracts business and the consumer insights that we have an applying those in the dry seasoning mix category. Its just a part of the cycle. We do this about every three or four years with each of the categories.
Mitch Pinheiro  Janney, Montgomery, Scott: Some of your new products certainly went more premium whether its your sea salts and that type of product, have you seen any consumer reaction perhaps negatively given the economic pressures to the higher end or can you talk about that a little bit.
Alan Wilson: Not to disappoint, if you think about the whole trade down impact people are trading down from restaurant meals and they arent necessarily giving up the idea that they want to have a nice meal. Were benefiting in that segment somewhat. On the other hand, because we cross so much of the food segment with the things were offering as people trade down from higher end steaks at home to tacos and chili and maybe a cheaper cut of meat. Weve got our slow cookers and our bag and season line that helps to attack that. We think were well positioned to help consumers with wherever theyre going. Were not seeing a significant trade down at this point in fact were seeing consumers not completely walking away from some indulgence. Were helping provide fairly inexpensive indulgence.
Mitch Pinheiro  Janney, Montgomery, Scott: Last question is on you unconsolidated operations, can you talk about that a little bit, it was flat in the quarter obviously soy oils go to be having a big impact there. Are there any other factors happening in the unconsolidated?
Alan Wilson: The biggest impact really is the cost of soy bean oil and our Mexican joint venture thats a big part of the cost structure for mayonnaise and is putting a good deal of pressure on the margins there.
Gordon Stetz: Thats pressure that we would expect to continue through the back half of the year as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Lazar  Lehman Brothers.
Andrew Lazar  Lehman Brothers: On productivity and costs saves with the multi year restructuring program starting to wind down this year I was wondering if there was any way you can give us a sense or a metric on how to think about the magnitude of what your ongoing productivity projects look like. Some companies think about it as a percent of cost of goods, incremental cost saves every year or other ways but I want to get a sense now that that piece is winding down how we think about the incremental cost saves opportunity going forward?
Alan Wilson: We havent established an external metric to communicate. Its in the D&A of all of our operations in fairness we probably should start to find a way to help you understand that. I will say that the plants every year look at their per unit cost and seek productivity improvements to offset inflation. Likewise theres targets in SG&A at each of the operating units to try and grow that less than sales, less than inflation in some cases we try to hold it flat depending on the initiatives. Its many and varied across the businesses. I dont have a single metric that I could communicate to you but we do have the activity through the organization and we do roll it up internally and monitor it to see how were doing relative to the cost increases.
Andrew Lazar  Lehman Brothers: Anything going forward that you deem appropriate in thinking about that obviously would be helpful. The last thing would be on the retail side of your business when you think about pricing that youve been taking in context with productivity and all the other things youre doing do you feel like you are appropriately pricing to where the underlying commodity costs of some of your key commodities are rather than to where you may be covered such that when that coverage rolls off youre in a good place with respect to fiscal 09 and such from a pricing standpoint given there is some sort of a lag as there always is with pricing?
Alan Wilson: The dynamic in pricing is we work with customers to help them understand the impact of pricing because as you well know were at a decent premium to competition and to private label in the market and so were really sensitive to maintaining a premium thats not too high. We want to make sure we stay very relevant to the consumers and especially in a tough time like this. The way we tend to think about it is to manage against that and to help offset the cost increases. Obviously what youre seeing is were not pricing to margin right now. We are trying to price to recover costs and we think thats responsible in the environment that were in.
Operator:
 :  
.:  
Robert Moscow  Credit Suisse : Could you give us guidance on interest expense for the year it was down about $2 million sequentially quarter over quarter is that trend going to continue or where are we at?
Gordon Stetz: Excluding any impact from the pending Lawrys acquisition we would expect that similar benefit and trend to continue through the back half of the year.
Robert Moscow  Credit Suisse : Between $12 and $13 million a quarter maybe?
Gordon Stetz: Thats probably about right. Obviously depending on what rates do thats probably about right.
Operator: There are no other questions in the queue at this time.
Joyce Brooks: This concludes todays call. Through July 3rd you may access a telephone replay of the call (Instructions). If you have any further questions or points to discuss regarding todays information please give me a call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen this does conclude todays teleconference. Thank you for your participation you may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-03-27 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Joyce Brooks - Assistant Treasurer Alan Wilson - President and CEO Gordon Stetz - Executive Vice President and CFO Paul Beard - Vice President Finance and Treasurer
Analysts: Terry Bivens  Bear Stearns Chris Growe  Stifel Nicolaus Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank Jonathan Feeney  Wachovia Securities Robert Moscow  Credit Suisse Ann Gurkin  Davenport Mitch Pinheiro  Janney, Montgomery, Scott Matthew Levinson  Matthew Levinson & Associates [Louis Toma]  Delta Partners Andrew Lazar  Lehman Brothers
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the McCormick First Quarter 2008 Conference Call. (Operator Instructions) It is now my pleasure to introduce you to your host Ms. Joyce Brooks, Assistant Treasurer for McCormick.
Joyce Brooks: Good morning and thank you for joining this mornings teleconference. Todays call is being webcast and a replay will be available at www.ir.McCormick.com. With me today are Alan Wilson, President and CEO, Gordon Stetz, Executive Vice President and CFO and Paul Beard, Vice President Finance and Treasurer. Following Alan and Gordons remarks we look forward to discussing your questions. As a reminder because the regulatory review of the Lawrys acquisition is underway our comments on this topic will be limited on todays call. Before we begin our discussion please note that during the course of this conference call we may make projections or other forward looking statements and actual results could differ materially from those projected in our forward looking statements. In addition, information we present today which excludes restructuring charges are not GAAP measures. We present this information for comparative purposes along side the most directly comparable GAAP measures. Please refer to this mornings press release which is posted on our website for more specific information on these topics. As indicated in the press release the company undertakes not obligation to update or revise publicly any forward looking statements whether as a result of new information future events or other factors. It is now my pleasure to turn the discussion over to Gordon for discussion of our financial results.
Gordon Stetz: Good morning to those on the call and those joining us by webcast. Two thousand eight is off to a good start with first quarter sales up 10.9% and earnings per share of $0.39. Excluding a $0.02 impact of restructuring charges earnings per share reached $0.41. On a comparable basis this was a 10.8% increase from $0.37 that we reported in the first quarter of 2007. We achieved sales growth in each segment and region of our business and higher operating income for both our consumer and industrial businesses. Operating income excluding restructuring charges for the consumer business was up 11.3%. While we are pleased with that result in this period of higher and more volatile commodity costs we are pleased to report a modest increase in the operating income of our industrial business. Let me provide more details about each of these businesses beginning with the consumer segment. Consumer sales rose 9.5% with a favorable impact of 4.2% from foreign exchange rates. Increase prices and higher volumes contributed about equally to an increase of 5.3%. In the Americas we grew consumer sales 8.2% and 6.7% in local currency. About one half of this increase was due to volume and product mix. Marketing support, innovation, our revitalization program and an early Easter holiday drove increases in spices and seasonings, Hispanic items, dry seasoning mixes, economy brands and our Club House brand in Canada. The other half of the increase was from pricing actions. We had some carry over benefit of higher pepper prices taken during 2007 and a one month benefit of a 2008 pricing action that applied to a broad range of products. In Europe consumers business sales rose 11.7% and 2.6% in local currency. In the first quarter we had a carry over benefit from price increases taken in 2007 and incremental sales from the 2007 acquisition of Thai Kitchen in Europe. In addition, our Schwartz brand in the UK is responding well to improved merchandising and advertising. We are expanding a successful UK campaign with print ads to other markets in Europe. Sales in the Asia/Pacific region were up 13.6% and 3% in local currency. While we continue to grow sales in China at double digit pace our consumer business in Australia had lower sales. In both Australia and China we are introducing improved merchandising systems which have met with success in the US and Europe. Across all regions operating income for the consumer business was $67 million when restructuring charges are excluded. When compared with the first quarter of 2007 on this same basis this was an increase of $6.8 million or 11.3%. This increase outpaced sales growth of 9.5%. While we plan to increase our advertising in 2008 this expense was down $1.8 million in the first quarter due to the timing of our marketing programs. This expense reduction also contributed to the increase in operating income. On a Dollar basis our pricing actions favorable sales mix and cost savings related to our restructuring program effectively offset the impact of increased raw and packaging material costs in the first quarter. We expect these factors to continue to provide an offset unless commodity costs continue to increase. Moving over to the Industrial business, we were pleased with our financial results in the face of several challenges. This part of the business is under pressure from steep cost increases and volatility in several commodities including flour, soy oil and cheese. Also there is continued weakness in the US restaurant industry. In this tough environment we grew sales 12.8% and 9.6% in local currency. In the Americas the increase was 10.1% with 1.7% from favorable foreign exchange rates. Higher pricing to offset commodity increases accounted for the majority of the increase. We have also achieved growth with snack seasonings, beverage flavors and new seasoning business for several food manufacturers. These food manufacturers are customers with whom we are developing relationships. This places them in the second tier below our top strategic customers. The sales increases in our international industrial business that we achieved in 2007 continued into the first quarter of 2008. Industrial sales in Europe rose to 17.3% and 12% in local currency. Pricing contributed to about one half of this increase. Strong sales of snack seasonings and seasoning blends and condiments for the restaurant industry also contributed to the growth in the first quarter. Sales in the Asia/Pacific region rose 23.9% and 13.3% in local currency. Pricing had a minimal impact in the first quarter. Higher volumes and a positive sales mix resulted from increased sales of seasonings for chicken sold to restaurant customers and snack seasonings sold to food manufacturers. Excluding restructuring charges operating income for the industrial business was $14.3 million up slightly from $14 million in the first quarter of 2007. With a 13% increase in sales this quarter compared to a 2% profit increase it is clear that our industrial business remains under pressure from higher commodity costs. However we have made progress getting higher prices in place in all regions are working more closely with our customers to contract future purchases of these raw materials. Our level of collaboration is greater than in 2007. Also providing an offset to higher commodity costs are cost savings from our restructuring program as well as a more favorable business mix following our elimination of lower margin SKUs and customers. To summarize this portion of my remarks we are working hard to minimize the impact of this tough environment and have confidence that we can continue to grow sales and operating income in 2008 for our industrial business. Next Id like to comment on how the consumer and industrial results came together for the first quarter. Excluding restructuring charges operating income rose 9.6% adding $0.04 to earnings per share. Interest expense this quarter was up with a slight increase in debt and higher rates. This is offset by an increase in interest income during the quarter. A tax rate of 30.1% this year compared to a 29.4% rate in the first quarter of 2007 when the company had the benefit of a discrete tax benefit in Europe. While we had the benefit of certain discrete items early in 2008 we continue to project a 31% tax rate for the fiscal year. As indicated in our January call the higher cost of soy oil is impacting our joint venture in Mexico and led to a decline of $1.1 million in income from unconsolidated operations for the first quarter. In this competitive market soy oil is a primary ingredient in mayonnaise which is the leading item for this business. While we are consulting with our joint venture partner on ingredient purchases and product pricing if soy oil stays at this level it is likely that we will continue to report a decline in our joint venture profit throughout 2008. The reduction in joint venture income for the first quarter reduced earnings per share by $0.01. Given our acquisition activity we did not repurchase shares this quarter. However the carryover benefit from last years activity resulted in a 2.3% reduction in average shares outstanding on a diluted basis. To recap our first quarter earnings per share results we achieved $0.39 in 2008 compared to $0.33 in 2007. Restructuring charges related to the restructuring program were $0.02 per share this year compared to $0.04 per share last year. The remaining EPS increase of $0.04 was due to higher operating income. A $0.01 decrease in income from unconsolidated operations was offset by a $0.01 increase from lower shares outstanding. I want to spend a few minutes on the quarter end balance sheet and our cash flow. At the end of the quarter accounts receivable were up 11.6% slightly ahead of the 10.9% sales increase. Inventory was up 9.1%. Of the $38 million increase $18 million was due to foreign exchange rates and we estimate that another $17 million related to higher raw and packaging materials costs. Additional increases were due to the acquisition of Billy Bee and some inventory build in advance of an SAP conversion in Canada. Debt to total capital ended the first quarter at 40.6% compared to 43.2% in the prior year. Although debt is up slightly the weak US Dollar has had a strong effect on lowering this ratio. Cash from operations in the first quarter was $24 million versus a negative $75 million in the year ago period. If you recall accounts receivable at November 30, 2007 was high compared to the year ago comparison. In the first quarter of 2008 we had strong collections of these receivables. Payments for restructuring actions and taxes this year were less than in the first quarter 2007. Also due to the over funded status of our pension plan in the US we did not make a $22 million contribution that had been made in the past few years. This quarter we used cash and increased debt to fund the $76 million acquisition of Billy Bee and $17 million of net capital expenditures. That completes my remarks on our first quarter financial results and it is my pleasure to turn it over to Alan for comments on the business and our outlook.
Alan Wilson: For the remainder of our remarks Id like to briefly cover three topics. First the effect of higher input costs in a tougher economy in McCormicks business. Second an update on our growth initiative including acquisitions along with our restructuring program, and third, our latest financial outlook for 2008.  As Gordon explained weve taken a number of pricing actions in response to higher input costs. In our consumer business higher pricing is in place for both brand and private label products. In our industrial business weve increased prices to pass through higher costs and are working more closely with our customers to coordinate the purchase of many of these largest commodities. Chuck Langmead and his team have done a great job achieving growth in the business while meeting the challenges of higher costs. In the first quarter we were able to offset the Dollar impact of higher commodity costs with higher prices. This led to an 8.1% increase in gross profit Dollars. However when measured as a percent of net sales gross profit margin was down 50 basis points. Gross profit margin was also affected by an unfavorable mix of business with sales growth of the industrial business outpacing that of our consumer business. As for the current economy the largest impact to our business continues to be weakness in the restaurant industry which has affected our industrial business. This impact began in the US in 2007 and it is continuing into 2008. In our consumer business we are seeing customers shift to lower cost retail channels with some pick up in sales of our economy brands but no significant gains in our sales of private label through the first quarter. Id like to comment next on our growth initiatives and restructuring program. We are revitalizing our core spice and seasoning products in markets around the world. New merchandising systems to improve the consumer shopping experience and retailers stocking activity is a key step in this revitalization. We improved merchandising first in the United States then in the UK, France and most recently China and Australia. The largest of these efforts due to the number of store conversions is in the US consumer business which is part of Mark Timbies responsibilities. Due to the efforts of our sales and marketing team in this part of the business we are measuring a sales lift in the mid single digits following the installation of these systems and weve converted 9,150 stores at this time up from 8,500 in late January. Marketing programs are being further refined as we measure effectiveness.  We have moved to more print and interactive media in the US and are making similar moves in Europe. For the first time we will use a unified print campaign in both the UK and France. In the second quarter support for new products, crusting blends and flavored peppers will kick in. Based on the timing of our 2008 advertising plan we expect the reduction in first quarter advertising to be followed by higher spending in the second quarter. For the total year we estimate an increase of at least 10% in our 2008 advertising expense. I would like to comment on our strategy to grow through acquisitions. In recent years we have successfully added a number of leading niche products to our consumer business in the Americas such as Zatarains and Simply Asia. In February we were pleased to announce the acquisition of Bill Bee Honey Products a leading brand in Canada. This is a terrific compliment to our savory and desert aid products in Canada and a great extension of the sweet products we market in Europe and the Asia/Pacific region. We view honey as a unique flavor and a healthy way to add sweetness to many foods and beverages. To update everyone on Lawrys we are continuing to work with the FTC on the regulatory review process and are still limiting our remarks regarding this business and the transaction. We remain excited about the possibility of acquiring the Lawrys business and view it as an excellent addition to our US consumer business. Turning to our restructuring program, those who have followed us in 2006 and 2007 know that many of our past actions occurred in the US and that much of the current activity involves our business in Europe. We have completed facility consolidations in the UK and changes are now underway in France. We have eliminated underperforming and lower margin SKUs in the Netherlands and Belgium and the change in our go to market strategy has improved the profitability of our businesses in Italy and Belgium. Under the leadership of Lawrence Kurzius employees in Europe, Middle East and Africa are making great progress with our restructuring program. Lets now turn to our financial outlook. While we had a strong first quarter 2008 is not without challenges. The effect of the global economy on our business is an area of concern as are commodity costs fluctuations. However, we expect sales to continue to benefit from higher pricing and favorable foreign exchange rates. We are also seeing good consumer response to our revitalization and marketing efforts and our product innovations. In addition, sales of Billy Bee products are expected to add $25 to $30 million to 2008 sales. As a result weve increased our projected sales increase to 5% to 7% from 4% to 6%. Earnings per share in the first quarter exceeded our expectations due to excellent sales growth. We are on track to deliver cost savings related to our restructuring program and are moving toward a more positive business mix. We continue to pursue pricing actions and collaboration with industrial customers to counter higher input costs. As a result, we are well positioned to grow profits in an environment of economic uncertainty and higher costs. A portion of this profit growth will be used to fuel increased marketing to drive our brands. We reaffirm our expectation to achieve earnings per share in our target range of $1.97 to $2.01. This includes an estimated $0.10 of restructuring charges and excluding these charges for both 2008 and 2007 is an 8% to 10% growth rate. I also want to reaffirm our outlook for $300 million and more in cash from operations.  Let me summarize. Employees throughout the company are providing the energy and talent behind our growth in delivering results. Gordon and I share the confidence of the entire leadership team that we are on our way to another record year and to increasing value for McCormick shareholders. To our shareholders and everyone on the call thank you for your interest and attention. We would now like to discuss your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question is coming from Terry Bivens of Bear Stearns.
Terry Bivens  Bear Stearns: Alan you mentioned that you did have a bit of a negative gross margin affect from a little bit faster growth on the industrial side. How long do you expect that to continue?
Alan Wilson: As long as the commodity costs continue to be volatile we would expect to see that. Where we are right now is we are using a combination of pricing and productivity to offset the increased costs but we are only focused on recovering to the best extent that we can gross margin dollars, gross dollars not necessarily gross margin percentages.
Terry Bivens  Bear Stearns: I did understand you to say that your price increase is you felt did cover in terms of gross margin dollars the commodity push, was that correct?
Alan Wilson: Thats correct.
Terry Bivens  Bear Stearns: As you look into the second quarter a couple of quick questions. You mentioned maybe some acceleration on the consumer side due to the earlier Easter. Does that take away from the second quarter in any way?
Alan Wilson: We think it should pretty well wash itself out over the period. We do have a fairly heavy advertising investment towards the end of the second quarter. We think there will be some minor impact on an early Easter but not anything significant.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Chris Growe of Stifel Nicolaus.
Chris Growe  Stifel Nicolaus: I wanted to clarify, in terms of Lawrys there really is no update. Youve been through a second request, are you still fulfilling the request of FTC?
Alan Wilson: Yes, thats exactly whats going on. Weve received a second request and we are in the process of answering that.
Chris Growe  Stifel Nicolaus: I thought you already responded to that. I was curious; there was some working capital improvements sequentially which were encouraging particularly on receivables. I know thats been included in a lot of the bonuses for executives, that kind of thing for the year. Are there any working capital parameters you are putting out there so the benefit we could see to working capital for the year?
Gordon Stetz: What weve done is internally weve cascaded targets down to each of our operating unit general managers and we focused on areas that we think are opportunities in each of their respective businesses. What weve done publicly is restate that we believe our cash flow will return to levels prior to 2007 which is in excess of $300 million. Within that projection weve assumed certain improvements in working capital but we have not gone so far as to break it down by category right now.
Chris Growe  Stifel Nicolaus: I wanted to ask as well on the gross margin side, weve obviously seen even some more movement throughout the quarter and input costs even higher. Do you believe that your gross margin can still grow for the year?
Alan Wilson: As weve said we really are focused on trying to recover gross margin dollars at this point. We think if commodities stabilize we should start to see the impact of our productivity efforts help gross margin. At this point we are staying even with the combination pricing and productivity.
Chris Growe  Stifel Nicolaus: One last one relative to your Europe consumer business, it had an easier comparison in the quarter and it had been accelerating through the recovery and the growth in sales. It slowed a bit this quarter does that require more marketing investment to stimulate the sales growth in Europe?
Alan Wilson: We are continuing to increase our marketing investment in Europe. We are pretty happy with where our business is in the UK. We had a little bit of a slow down in France and we are putting some extra effort behind that.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Eric Katzman of Deutsche Bank.
Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank: I have a few questions. First one, given that you have a fairly broad based view of whats going on out there between food away from home and food at home. Can you talk a little bit about how much, I know its tough to measure, how much shift you are seeing from consumption at food service versus at home and how do you think thats benefiting you in terms of the consumer business?
Alan Wilson: Food away from home we see the impact almost immediately. If someone doesnt go out for dinner on Friday night those sales in restaurants are pretty quick. It takes a little bit more time or frankly with the turn rate of our products a lot more time to start to see the impact. We are seeing good volume growth in grocery channel. We expect thats because more people are eating at home than are eating out. Its not the quick turn that you expect to see. We decline quicker in restaurants and we see an impact in grocery at least on our items.
Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank: Are you also seeing within the food at home consumption, you mentioned a little bit more in your economy brands but are you also seeing a shift by the consumer as a means of saving money shopping at less expensive or less price point oriented outlets.
Alan Wilson: We are certainly seeing a trend towards more of the outlets where costs and prices has been more aggressive. We are seeing a pick up in economy brands but our regular brands our every day brands are holding their own. We had good growth, for instance on Gourmet through the first quarter as well.
Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank: Switching subjects for a second, it sounded like there may be a change going on in terms of how you are dealing with your industrial customers. I know that Bob and Fran, after the vanilla situation had implemented a quarterly adjustment. Am I to take your comments that not only is it now a quarterly price increase based on the commodity but also collaborating together to purchase inputs? How is that working?
Alan Wilson: We are collaborating with customers on the positions we are taking on these major commodities so that as we do that we both understand whats happening. Thats been a fairly recent change towards the end of last year to really get closer to it. In a stable market we can handle less frequent price changes and we can deal better with whats happening with commodities. When its unstable as it has been we really need that close collaboration, our customers are working very well with us.
Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank: On the M&A front, I suppose with the private equity players out there being kind of knocked out of the business for awhile you have the benefit of purchasing stuff at a lower multiple. On the other hand it seems like theres an increased risk given the input cost volatility. I know you cant talk specifically about Lawrys but is there a risk in making a purchase like that and not knowing exactly where their contracts are on high fructose corn syrup or whatever their main ingredient is?
Alan Wilson: We dont have a lot of information about that particular acquisition that we can share but as we look at things we look for areas where we can add value and in a case where we are buying something thats highly synergistic we will have a pretty good handle on what the right commodity inputs are. I dont think thats as much a risk. We are continuing to be active in looking at acquisitions and evaluating to help grow out business all over the world.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Jonathan Feeney of Wachovia Securities.
Jonathan Feeney  Wachovia Securities: Gordon could you explain to me what kind of bottom line benefit you might be getting from foreign currency, how that might work?
Gordon Stetz: We dont give a specific number on that. Obviously weve given you the top line benefit. The impact of foreign currency can read through obviously in the translation of the income statement. We also have dollar purchases abroad, a lot of the spice markets globally are dollar denominated and we will do forward purchases on those as well. Those can also be impacted by the weak dollar because those will start to rise in price as the dollar weakens. It can sometimes be just a neutral benefit on that side. As a result we really dont get into detail on the EPS impact on it.
Jonathan Feeney  Wachovia Securities: Could you give us any more detail, you gave us a 4% currency effect on the top line, and how price and mix is represented in the other seven?
Gordon Stetz: In terms of the total sales of the company price was at least half of the total growth. FX was about 4% of it and the rest would have been volume mix.
Jonathan Feeney  Wachovia Securities: I know we talked a little bit about it on the last call some of the updated parameters after you lost some skus at a major customer last fall. Has there been any follow through, have there been any other customers looking to expand their private label programs at potentially your expense or the expense of your key brands in the face of the weakening consumer right now?
Alan Wilson: We havent seen a lot of that kind of activity. In most of our developed markets private label is pretty well developed. We havent seen any significant moves by major customers.
Jonathan Feeney  Wachovia Securities: That one major customer that did make a move, that continues as scheduled no changes there?
Alan Wilson: Thats right.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Robert Moscow from Credit Suisse.
Robert Moscow  Credit Suisse: I have a question about the shelving units that you are putting in. Are you seeing any kind of an inventory impact at retail when you do put those shelving units in? For example, is there any kind of de-loading at the customer that has to take place? Is that part of the reason that the consumer sales had been slow in 07 but seem to be picking up now as you lap those comparisons?
Alan Wilson: There is a transitional impact as we go into such stores and the impact is we are starting to set a store the inventories will be drawn down a little bit. We have seen a little bit of that but because of the way we are setting the stores it shouldnt be highly measurable because as soon as we get them set we start to see the impact on volume. I wouldnt read into it that its a major issue. We are setting stores pretty well continuously and our wrapping up that program today. There is a little bit of a draw down as we get ready to set individual stores.
Robert Moscow  Credit Suisse: The spice and seasonings by store that section is pretty close to the condiments section, you see all kinds of brands like A-1 and salad dressings and what not and steak sauces, very fragmented. Im wondering have you ever thought bigger picture about consolidation in the industry and whether or not McCormick would have even more clout by combining or doing any kind of M&A in that area of the store? Is it a very different type of business or is it the same type of business for the same buyers, what kind of clout would you get?
Alan Wilson: It varies by customer. Absolutely we look all the time at what the category adjacencies are and where we think we can add value with our brands. Thats a part of our new product innovation as well as our acquisition activity. We are always looking at the right category adjacencies but if you are talking specifically of condiments and salad dressings and things like that it really varies by the individual retailer even where its placed and what the buying relationship is. We think there are a lot of places in the store the McCormick brand can add value and we are looking always at how we do that.
Robert Moscow  Credit Suisse: Theoretically if you doubled your size through acquisition in that region of the store, would it vary by customer as to what it would get you or are you pretty certain it would get you a lot?
Alan Wilson: I think it would vary by customer because the metrics on a lot of these areas are different. We have a unique go to market proposal for the spice business and it really varies by the different categories in the stores what the expectations are on turns, on complexity and we really have to evaluate each of them on a case by case basis.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Ann Gurkin of Davenport.
Ann Gurkin  Davenport: I want to spend a little bit more time on the food service segment and your restaurant customers. When you first planned for 08 the outlook for that segment are you needing to go back and revise that outlook for that segment given that the restaurants are so weak? Secondly, are you being approached by your customers to get more help on new items on the menu or helping to manage their menus or anything like that?
Alan Wilson: We are doing a lot of work collaboratively with customers on innovation and thats a steady stream of what we are doing. We are also working with them on product formulations to help manage the cost volatility as well as respond to their needs for a value focus. We are working well with our customers and we consistently look at our forecast for what we think is going to happen because we have to do that obviously to manage our commodity positions.
Ann Gurkin  Davenport: Are you tempering the outlook for the segment at this point?
Alan Wilson: I dont think we are tempering the outlook at this point.
Ann Gurkin  Davenport: Are you all going to need to raise prices again this year given whats happened with commodity costs?
Alan Wilson: I think its two answers. In the consumer business based on our forecast we dont anticipate that we will need to however if commodities get more volatile well obviously look at that and make the decision when we have to. With industrial customers because we are working collaboratively on commodity positions as commodities change well be passing through the cost changes.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Mitch Pinheiro of Janney, Montgomery, Scott.
Mitch Pinheiro  Janney, Montgomery, Scott: On the restructuring charges what exactly in this quarter where was the money spent?
Alan Wilson: The biggest part of the restructuring program now is centered in Europe. There are a number of activities going over there. The biggest one is a consolidation of facilities occurring in the south of France. There are also some changes in the UK that relates to a change in the route to market structure there.
Mitch Pinheiro  Janney, Montgomery, Scott: This will continue on an even basis through the remainder of the year?
Alan Wilson: In terms of the execution in Europe, yes. There are also things that we are cleaning up from the US such as some asset sales on some buildings and things that remain from the consolidations there. In terms of that number on the P&L I wouldnt say that number is going to be even throughout the year. It could be offset by some gains on sales of assets that we are still in the process of trying to sell from prior consolidations.
Mitch Pinheiro  Janney, Montgomery, Scott: In terms of looking at your ad spending I think I heard you say that you expect ad spending to be up 10% for the year?
Alan Wilson: Thats right.
Mitch Pinheiro  Janney, Montgomery, Scott: It was down $1.8 million in the first quarter what do you expect to have a percentage increase in the second quarter?
Alan Wilson: Im not sure that we have broken out the percentage increase but we do expect an increase in advertising the second quarter as we are getting ready for the grilling season in the US and beefing up our spending in Europe.
Mitch Pinheiro  Janney, Montgomery, Scott: When it comes to collaboration with industrial customers is it on a contractual basis or is it just a gentlemens agreement?
Alan Wilson: It varies by customer. Some customer we have very specific contracts on how we deal with this and protocols and other cases its as we see changes and we work with them. In our relationships with customers have tended to be collaborative by the way we go to market its just now we are collaborating even more on commodity positions.
Mitch Pinheiro  Janney, Montgomery, Scott: Is it the usual suspects in commodity positions, flour, soy oil or does it extend to other
Alan Wilson: It tends to be major commodities. For us its flour, soy bean oil, cheese and those are really the big ones that impact us.
Mitch Pinheiro  Janney, Montgomery, Scott: Pepper prices seem to be moving up again.
Alan Wilson: Pepper is up again this year, I think its up about 20% in the first quarter. We have not taken additional pepper pricing in our consumer business because we took it last year. We are monitoring that and well evaluate what we need to do through the year.
Mitch Pinheiro  Janney, Montgomery, Scott: It was half of your total sales increase this year or in the quarter was due to pricing. Thats roughly 5%. That seems more than the price increases that I was anticipating. I thought you would raise pepper last year 1% and then on average and then this year I thought I heard maybe 3% to 4% is that right though or even less 2% to 3%. Are you getting more pricing somewhere or is my math just
Alan Wilson: I think what you are remembering are the price increases that we talked about for our North American consumer business. Whats impacting as much as anything are the commodity pass through in the industrial business.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Matthew Levinson with Matthew Levinson & Associates.
Matthew Levinson  Matthew Levinson & Associates: You stated that Australian sales were down and I wondered if you could give me somewhat more detail about this because everything we understand is that the economy there should be quite strong.
Alan Wilson: We are not the number one spice and seasoning supplier in Australia and its a very concentrated market with just a couple of large customers. We are seeing the impact of a large customer there that consolidated their category and thats impacting our business. We have plans to re-launch specific products there and we feel pretty good about our plans.
Operator: Our next question is coming from [Louis Toma] with Delta Partners.
[Louis Toma]  Delta Partners: Im trying to understand the implications for Billy Bee for your guidance. You said that the acquisition will add about $25 to $30 million for the fiscal year 08 is that correct?
Alan Wilson: Thats correct.
[Louis Toma]  Delta Partners: It looks like it increases the range of your guidance by about a percentage point if you look at the mid point. Are you accounting for the Billy Bee acquisition in that? Is that the primary driver to the increase?
Alan Wilson: Thats certainly the primary driver. Obviously the FX has been a little stronger in terms of affecting the top line growth as well but its also contributing to our confidence in raising the estimate.
[Louis Toma]  Delta Partners: Do you expect Billy Bee to have an EPS contribution for fiscal 08?
Alan Wilson: Whats baked was in our current guidance but it will have a positive impact of about $0.01.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our next question is coming from Andrew Lazar with Lehman Brothers.
Andrew Lazar  Lehman Brothers: An either/or question it may not be completely fair as you have to answer one way or the other. I am curious if you had to choose an operating environment in which to operate McCormicks business one would be an environment with very little, if any cost inflation and therefore not a whole lot in the way of pricing power. Sort of like weve seen the last 10 years or so. Or something thats more like todays world which admittedly is challenging, its very volatile from an input standpoint but you are getting a lot more pricing through as an industry. Somewhere in between would probably be ideal but if it had to be one or the other Im curious how youd think about answering that?
Alan Wilson: That a real easy answer from my standpoint. I would take the stable cost environment because of several things. One is in a stable cost environment even though its very difficult to get pricing you have the opportunity to gain through productivity and that helps drive margin. The second thing is the consumer behavior is a lot more predictable because the consumer today is under tremendous amount of pressure and they are seeing inflation on a lot of fronts and on top of that are seeing pressure from an income standpoint. At any point I would take a healthy, fairly stable environment with the ability to innovate and drive margin over the situation where things are more volatile and unpredictable.
Andrew Lazar  Lehman Brothers: On some of the agreements that you are trying to work out in the industrial side more collaborative purchasing in going through with various customers. Does it require either more hedging or taking larger positions from an inventory standpoint on certain ingredients that you might otherwise have done. If so, does that impact your working capital outlook or is it impactful to that?
Alan Wilson: It will have some impact on working capital but we are baking that in. We think we will get the improvement. Thats more because the commodity prices as opposed to the volumes. Where we are working with customer we are also working with them on forecasting their needs its not like we are bringing everything in. Its a little different on spice and herb commodities where we made decisions on longer short positions based on what we think is going to happen. In some of those cases we may have to add volume in order to protect price. Thats a decision we make on an EBA analysis all the time.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time Id like to hand the floor back over to Ms. Brooks for any closing comments.
Joyce Brooks: Thank you, this concludes todays call. If you have any further questions or points to discuss regarding todays information please give me a call.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-01-23 10:00:00) =====
Executives:  Joyce Brooks - Assistant Treasurer Alan Wilson  Chief Exec. Officer, Pres Gordon Stetz  Chief Financial Officer and Exec. VP Bob Lawless - President 
Analysts:  Eric Serotta  Merrill Lynch Jonathan Feeney- Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC Robert Moskow  Credit Suisse Terry Bivens  Bear Stearns Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank Securities Ann Gurkin  Davenport & Co. of Virginia, Inc Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus Mitchell Pinheiro  Janney Montgomery Scott LLC Andrew Lazar - Lehman Brothers 
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the McCormick Fourth Quarter Conference call. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host. Joyce Brooks, Assistant Treasurer for McCormick. Thank you, Ms. Brooks. You may begin.
Joyce Brooks: Todays call is being webcast and a replay will be available at ir.mccormick.com. At this website, we posted slides to accompany todays call. With me today are Alan Wilson, President and CEO, Gordon Stetz, Executive Vice President and CFO and Paul Beard, Vice President, Finance and Treasurer. In addition, Bob Lawless, McCormicks Chairman and recently retired CEO has joined us. Following Alan and Gordons remark, we look forward to discussing your questions. As a reminder, because we are under a regulatory review of the Lawrys acquisition, only limited comments on this transaction can be provided at this time. Before we begin our discussion, please note that during the course of this conference call, we may make projections or other forward-looking statements and actual results could differ materially from those projected in our forward-looking statements. In addition, information we present today which excludes restructuring charges are not GAAP measures and we present this information for comparative purposes along side the most directly comparable GAAP measures. Please refer to this mornings press release which is posted our website for more specific information on these topics. As indicated in the press release, the Company undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or other factors. It is now my pleasure to turn the discussion over to Alan.
Alan Wilson:  I am going to start todays discussion with the review of the fiscal year and turn it over to Gordon to comment on our Fourth Quarter results. I will conclude with our guidance for 2008. As reported this morning, McCormicks 2007 results exceeded our initial goals for sales and profit growth with sales up 7% and a 12% increase in EPS on a comparable basis excluding restructuring activities. For those of you who followed us during the year, you know that the components of our profit growth varied from our initial plan. As I discuss the fiscal year results, please refer to slides 3 and 4. I would like to begin with a few comments on our strong sales increase in 2007, a big reason why sales growth exceeded our 4% to 6% target was the performance of our international businesses, which were well ahead of our expectations. We grew sales outside the US by 7.1% in local currency with favorable foreign exchange rates adding another 7.6%. This includes a reduction of 0.7% from the elimination of low margin business. We followed the expansion and growth of our strategic, industrial customers in Europe and Asia and had success with new product introductions to these customers. For the consumer businesses, marketing effectiveness, new merchandising systems and pricing actions added further to sales growth and international markets. In the US, sales rose 2.7% including the impact of 1% reduction from the elimination of low margin industrial business. Consumer sales were unfavorably impacted by the introduction of a private label line by a large warehouse club customer and weakness in the restaurant industry adversely affected our industrial business. Across both businesses, sales in the US were favorably impacted by price increases for pepper and for certain commodities in our industrial business such as soy bean oil, flour and cheese. We also had strong sales performance with a number of consumer products that I will go over in a few minutes. In 2007, we achieved an unprecedented level of cost savings that totaled $35 million. Seventeen percent ahead of our $30 million objective; these cost savings stems from our three-year restructuring program with one year left to go in 2008, we have already realized $45 million in annual restructuring savings and expect to add up to $10 million more this year. Facility consolidations, elimination of administrative redundancies and rationalization of joint ventures are the actions delivering these results. However, the commodity cost increases, which I just mentioned had an unfavorable impact on margins, an impact that was most significant in our industrial business. We had a lag in the timing of price increases as passed through higher cost to our strategic customers. This lag impacted not only our profits, but had an additional impact on the percentage margin. This occurs because the increase in price is set to equally increase in cost, maintaining profit dollars, but decreasing the profit margin. The effect of the timing lag and the pass through methodology reduced gross profit margin for the total business by approximately 100 basis points. This unexpected head win more than offset a benefit of approximately 80-basis points from our ahead of plan cost reduction efforts in 2007. The benefits of cost reductions did come through in our operating expenses and accounted for about a half of 170-basis point decrease when compared as percentage of net sales to 2006. There is a modest reduction of $3.2 million in advertising that primarily occurred in the Fourth Quarter. Recall that in the Fourth Quarter of 2006, we nearly doubled our advertising. Advertising behind our brands ended the year at $54.7 million slightly below 2006, but $9.5 million ahead of our 2005 advertising expense. With this improvement in operating expenses, we were able to more than offset the decrease in gross profit margin and report a 30-basis point increase in operating margin on a comparable basis excluding the impact of restructuring charges. Earnings per share grew 12% on a comparable basis, excluding restructuring activities ahead of our original goal of 8% to 10% and the increased guidance of 9% to 11% provided mid way through 2007. The key drivers of this increase are shown on slide 4. Restructuring impact had an impact of $0.118 in 2007 and $0.22 in 2006, with some rounding impact, EPS excluding these amounts rose to $1.92 in 2007 from $1.72 in 2006 with $0.18 from higher sales and operating margin and $0.03 each from joint venture income and lower shares outstanding. Higher interest expense reduced EPS $0.03 and with our $0.01 reduction primarily from the tax rate in 2007 versus 2006. We are pleased to deliver this result after navigating several challenges in 2007. Reflecting this strong profit growth, our borne improved a 10% increase in the quarterly dividend in November. Before Gordon reviews the fourth quarter financial results, let me recap some 2007 business highlights. These are listed on slide 5, 6, and 7. As already mentioned, we realized restructuring savings of $35 million in 2007 and managed the transition in facilities, organization and personnel with minimal business disruption. Innovation continues to be vitals for our growth and new products launched in the last three years contributed 10% to 2007 sales. We opened a creative center early in 2007 where our unique development process speeds the pace of product introductions and increases the probability of marketplace success. Consumers responded enthusiastically to our marketing support, product innovation and improved merchandising behind a number of product lines in our US consumer business. Hispanic items now account for 8% of US consumer sales and rose 11% in 2007. Also in the US are popular grinders continued to grow the 20% increase. We increased sales of slow cooker seasoning mixes 17%. The gourmet line included and expanded organic offering was up 12%. Grill mates rose 7% and consumers responded to our initial revitalization efforts with a 6% in purchases for our seafood products. Our revitalization program was in full swing during 2007. By yearend, we had exceeded 8500 US grocery stores installed with our new merchandising systems. As we re-set the stores, we continue to refine our space allocation to avoid out of stocks on our highly popular items likes grinders to improve the consumer shopping experience. Customers continue to be enthusiastic about this initiative. Revitalization and innovation also played a role in the improvements in our consumer business in Europe during 2007. We introduced an award-winning spice package and new, easy to use re-sealable toppers. We staged a re-launch of our successful grinders and supported our broad range of branded products with increased advertising in France and the UK. Both the consumer and industrial businesses in Europe had strong sales performance. In total, sales were up 14% and 5% in local currency, a dramatic improvement from prior years performance in both these key markets in the UK and France. The unfavorable impact from the closure of our business in Finland and the loss of a customer in the Netherlands both began in 2006 and are largely behind us as we begin 2008. Behind the pressure from commodities and restaurant weakness, our industrial business made great strides in 2007 with the transformation that began in 2006. Since that time, we have reduced the US industrial customer count by 30%, ahead of our 25% goal. This has led to a 51% increase in average sales per customer. Since the beginning of our transformation, we have lowered the number of SK-use by 20% with 16 of this reduction achieved in 2007. While the benefit of our actions to reduce complexity and focus on strategic customers was blunted by cost head wins in 2007, we are moving in the right direction with this business. 2008 will be the third year of our transformation process and we are continuing to evaluate our portfolio of products and customers to improve the margin and profitability of this business. At the end of 2006, we had our customer count in Europe down to 50 from 500 back in 2003. In 2007, our team maintains this customer count that continued to lower SK use with an 8% reduction. Next is China, while still a small part of our business, less than 5% of sales, we grew sales in China 23% and 18% in local currency. During 2007, we completed our inauguration of Simply Asia Foods and acquired the remaining part of this business in Europe. In the US, we successfully implemented SAP at both Simply Asia Foods and Zatarains and brought South Africa under the system platform as well. Early in 2007, we announced the formation of the McCormick Science Institute to advance the health benefits of spices and herbs. The last item on my list is Lawrys. Toward the end of 2007, we were extremely pleased to announce an agreement to acquire the Lawrys business. While we were limiting our comments at this point, as Joyce indicated, I do want to provide an update on where we are on the regulatory review process. By mid-December, McCormick had submitted the required Hart-Scott Rodino application. We have now moved to the second request phase of the HSR review process. Out of respect for the process, we do not believe it is appropriate to comment on the timing or likely outcome of the review. Suffice it to say, we are working diligently with the regulatory agency to obtain clearance and that the process seems to be progressing well. We appreciate your patience during this process. At this point, I would like to turn it over to Gordon for a review of our Fourth Quarter Financial results.
Gordon Stetz:  I would like to add my welcome to those on todays call. We were generally pleased with our Fourth Quarter Financial results. Highlights are listed on slide 8. We achieved sales growth of 7% and reported earnings per share of $0.67 which was $0.75 on a comparable basis excluding restructuring charges. With savings from our restructuring program, pricing actions and expense controls, we were able to offset a 5% increase in the cost of our raw materials during the fourth quarter. In addition, we had a benefit from higher joint venture income in our share repurchases during 2007. I will comment in more detail on the consumer business, the industrial business and then come back to the results in total. We grew consumer sales 6.4% with a favorable impact of 3.6% from foreign exchange rates, an increase of 2.8% was driven primarily by pricing and product mix. Volume was affected by the early sales and shipment of approximately $10 million of US holiday pre packs that were mentioned in our Third Quarter call. While this increased Third Quarter sales in 2007, it reduced Fourth Quarter consumer sales approximately 2%.
 : Consumer sales in the Americas were up 2.1% in the Fourth Quarter with a 1% benefit from foreign exchange rates. The impact of the early shipments on this part of our business was approximately 2.5%. Excluding this impact and the impact of foreign currency, we increased North America consumer sales 3.6% with favorable pricing in product mix. In the fourth quarter, higher volumes of certain products including Hispanic items and organic items were offset by reductions in the grocery channel of pepper and the discontinuation of certain underperforming SK use. In addition, sales of branded products to a major warehouse club customer continued to be unfavorably affected by the introduction of a private label line. In Europe, sales of our consumer products increased 19% and in local currency the increase was 8.1%. Higher volumes contributed about 75% of this increase and pricing and product mix accounted for the remaining 25%. We experienced strong sales results from our largest markets in the UK and France. Marketing support, new merchandising systems and new products are driving sales in these countries along with pricing actions in 2007. In the Asia Pacific region, we increased consumer sales 15.5% and 3.3% in local currency. This increase was driven by a higher volume. Growth in China continued out a pace rapid with another double digit increase in sales for spice and seasoning products and a number of condiments and sauces. These increases were offset in part by lower sales of our branded spices and herb line in Australia. This decrease was due to the move by a large retailer earlier in 2007 to introduce a private label line of spices and herbs. Our emphasis in Australia remains on value-added items and we are achieving growth with product lines such as Aeroplane brand gelatin. Across all regions, Fourth Quarter operating income for the consumer business was $130.1 million excluding restructuring charges. This was an increase of 6.4% versus the prior year and in line with the increase in sales. For this part of our business, the increases in certain commodity costs began to have an impact as we moved into the later part of 2007. In addition, we are feeling the impact of increases in packaging materials, corrugated, plastic and glass, as well as higher energy cost. While these increases were offset in the Fourth Quarter by cost reduction activities, we have announced the price increase for our US consumer business that Alan will discuss in more detail. Moving on to our industrial business, Alan shared the progress with our transformation efforts and we continue to achieve good growth in a number of areas. However, Fourth quarter results continued to be unfavorably affected by the higher material cost and weakness in the US restaurant industry. Across all regions, industrial business sales increased 8.1%. Foreign exchange rates had a 4 % favorable impact and the elimination of low-margin customers and SKUs reduced sales by 1.2%. An increase of 5.3% was driven primarily by favorable price and product mix. In the Americas, sales rose 3.2% from last year. Foreign exchange rate added 1.6% and customer and SKU elimination reduced sales in this region by 1.4%. A sales increase of 3% was mainly the result of price increases taken to keep pace with increases in material cost including pepper, soya oil, flour, and cheese. Higher volume this quarter was achieved with increased sales of snack seasonings, new beverage flavors and other new items to large food manufacturers. Sales growth for this part of our business ended the year in line with our targets for 2007. These improvements were offset by softness in our sales to restaurant customers that relate back to a general root weakness in the industry. We had another excellent sales performance for industrial business outside of North America. Fourth Quarter sales in Europe rose 20.2% and 10.7% in local currency, this included a 1.1% reduction from the elimination of lower margin customers and SKUs. About half of the increase was driven by higher volume from promotional and new product sales primarily to strategic customers in the quick-service restaurant industry. Industrial sales in the Asia Pacific region rose 19.4% and 9.5% in local currency with equal contributions from higher volume and from favorable price in product mix. We increased sales in both Australia and China, especially the quick-service restaurant customers. These customers have awarded the supply of new items to McCormick and we are benefiting from their promotions in these markets. Excluding restructuring charges, operating income for the industrial business was $16.7 million compared to $22.6 million in the Fourth Quarter of 2006. Our 8% sales increase and the benefit of cost savings continued to be offset by an increase of over 10% in commodity cost during this quarter. As Alan described, we have passed through pricing arrangements with our strategic customers for our largest volume ingredients. In accordance with these arrangements, we continue to pass through higher cost with increased prices to these customers. As we move into 2008 we have adjusted prices further in response to material cost. As we proceed through this year, we expect the cost increases of flour, soya oil, cheese, and other key ingredients to begin to level out. Under this scenario the margin pressure we have been under for this part of our business should begin to moderate. Next, I would like to comment on how the consumer and industrial results came together for the Fourth Quarter. As I stated at the beginning of my remarks, sales growth was 7%. Gross profit margin was 43.2% compared to 44.3% in 2006. Excluding the structuring charges, the Fourth Quarter margin for 2007 was still 43.2%, so compared to 44.9% in 2006, a decrease of 170 basis points. During this period, we realized approximately 50-basis points of margin improvement from restructuring savings. This was more than offset by the impact of higher commodity cost net of our pricing actions of approximately 200 basis points. Increases in utilities and other production costs began to have an unfavorable margin impact in the fourth quarter. Also, lowering gross profit and margins during the quarter was the faster growth in our international businesses as compared to the US. As a percent of sales and excluding restructuring charges, the fourth quarter selling, general, and administrative expenses were 26.2% this year compared to a 26.9% last year. We are benefiting from reductions in operating expenses as part of our restructuring program. A further reduction of 40 basis points was due to advertising expense. Again, as Alan indicated, we had nearly doubled our fourth quarter advertising in 2006. Interest expense was up $1.2 million this quarter due to increase debt levels and higher interest rates in our short term debt. The tax rate in the fourth quarter of 2007 was 30.6% bringing the rate for the full year to 30.5%. This compared to a rate of 29.8% in the fourth quarter of 2006, which benefited from several discrete items as well as the mix of earnings among the different tax jurisdictions. Income from unconsolidated operations was up $1.8 million or 51.4% with good performance in our McCormick and Mexico joint venture and our action at the end of 2006 to move from a joint venture in Japan to a more profitable licensing agreement. Our share repurchase activity during 2007 was the primary factor in a 2.7% reduction in fourth quarter shares outstanding on a diluted basis. If you recall, we accelerated our buy-back activity in the third quarter. We reported fourth quarter EPS of $0.67 compared to $0.62 in 2006. Excluding restructuring charges, 2007 Fourth Quarter EPS was $0.75 compared to the $0.72 in the prior year. A reconciliation of these results is provided on page 9 of the slides. The benefit of higher sales is offset in part by lower gross profit margins with a net contribution to EPS of $0.01. The primary contributors to EPS were $0.02 from unconsolidated income, $0.02 from lower shares outstanding offset by $0.01 from a higher tax rate and $0.01 in higher interest expense. Looking back at the fourth quarter, the primary challenge we faced was higher material cost. As Alan will discuss, we expect the margin pressure we experience to ease as we move through 2008 due to the pricing actions now completed and currently underway. I would like to wrap up my part of todays discussion with some comments on our cash flow and debt level. Cash from operations in the fourth quarter was $202 million up $11 million when compared to $191 million in the fourth quarter of 2006. For the year, cash from operations was $225 million below last years results of $311 million. As we have reported in prior quarters, this decrease was primarily due to the change in operating assets and liabilities which was a $28 million addition to cash flow in 2006 that became an unfavorable $108 million in 2007. Behind the changes in operating assets and liabilities were a $41 million increase in tax payment and $30 million from higher incentive compensation payments. An increase in the accounts receivable was due to higher sales, a higher mix of international sales and the re-classification of certain balance sheet items. We do not expect further unfavorable impact from these areas. In fact, the change in operating assets and liabilities in 2008 is more likely to increase our cash from operations. As shown on slide 10 for the fiscal year, we used cash from operations and increased debt to fund $157 million of share buy backs, $77 million of net capital expenditures, $104 million of dividend payments and $16 million of acquisitions. Regarding share repurchases after November 30th, we had $49 million remaining at the current $400 million share buy back authorization that the Board approved in June 2005 due primarily to the impact of foreign exchange rates, our debt to total capital ratio ended the fiscal year at 39.8%. In December, we issued $250 million of new tenure notes at a rate of five and three-quarters that will be used to refinance 159 of notes due on February 1, 2008 and to pay off a portion of outstanding commercial paper. That concludes my remarks on the fourth quarter and at this point, I would like to turn it back over to Alan to discuss our business and financial outlook for 2008.
Alan Wilson: Before we move on to 2008, I want to take a minute to recognize Bob Lawless who has joined us for todays call. Bob, we just reported McCormicks 2007 results. This was your last year as CEO of McCormick and 2007 provided a great finish to an 11-year track record, a track record that I am going to work hard to repeat during my time as CEO. During your years at the helm, you led this company through a transformation that solidified our position as an industry leader and put us on a path to growth. You spearheaded initiatives behind innovation, technology, acquisitions, brand building, portfolio rationalization, cost reductions and employee development. As a result, investors have seen their stock price triple with a similar increase in the dividend. You have always said, a CEO will be remembered not by what he did, but by what he left behind. Without question, you have left behind a stronger and more vibrant McCormick. Bob, we thank you for your leadership of this great company. We look forward to your continued role as Chairman and wish you the best in your retirement.
Bob Lawless:  Thank you, Alan and thanks to everyone on the call for your support and patience over the years. We have tried to distinguish ourselves over the years from a financial perspective from our peers in the industry, but I must say, I am most proud of the succession planning process we went through culminating in a great leadership team to take McCormick forward in the future and duplicate the results of the last 11 years. Thanks to everyone for your support.
Alan Wilson: As we enter 2008, our company is financially sound and positioned for growth. First, we have effective strategies to drive sales. You can turn to slide 11. We are revitalizing our global brands and supporting them with more effective marketing. With the transformation of our industrial business, we are focusing on our largest high potential customers and across both businesses, innovation is essential as we build upon our market leadership. For the consumer business, we have some exciting new products in our 2008 line up. In the US, we are bringing innovation to ground pepper with added flavors such as Worcestershire and Hickory. These products have one of the highest scores we have ever received for intensive purchase after use. New crusting blends bring restaurant style preparation into the home and we are expanding our products to help consumers prepare seafood with new marinades, rubs and coatings blends. In Europe, we are introducing super premium brand extensions in the UK and France and innovative packaging formats such as clear-top tins, and sachets with windows. We are expanding the successful toppers range into additional countries and launching large-sized grinders in our major markets. Second, we continue to find ways to take cost out of our business. 2008 will be the final year of our three-year restructuring program and we are on track to achieve up to $10 million of savings this year. In addition, we are having ongoing supply chain management projects that have delivered annual cost reductions of $10 million to $20 million. For the industrial business, we are confident that over time, our actions to reduce complexity, develop more value-added, higher margin products and focus on our strategic customers will lead to higher operating margins. Third, our balanced sheet is sound and we have the opportunity to increase our cash flow as we wind down our restructuring program and focus attention on working capital improvement. With a debt to total capital ratio below our target of 50%, we are in a good position to increase our leverage for the Lawrys acquisition upon completion of regulatory review. Because this review is still underway, and the timing of the transaction is uncertain, we have not included sales and profit from the Lawrys business in our 2008 guidance that I would like to share with you next. Back in 2006, we stated that during our three-year restructuring program, we expected to increase earnings per share 8% to 10%. At our analysts day in April 2007, we indicated that upon completion of this program beginning in 2009, the rate of EPS growth would increase to 9% to 11%. As our restructuring program is still underway in 2008, our outlook for 2008 EPS growth is 8% to 10%. This growth will be driven primarily by higher sales and margin improvement. Let me discuss this and other projections that will impact our 2008 income statement. As shown on slide 12, we expect to grow sales 4% to 6% in 2008. This is above the 3% to 5% annual sales growth that we expected during the restructuring program. We expect pricing to add 2% to 3% of sales and in the early part of the year; we expect favorable foreign exchange rates to add another 1%. During 2008, further product and customer rationalization is expected to reduce sales 1% to 2%. Of the 4% to 6% sales growth, we expect our consumer business to be at the top end of this range. Our industrial sales growth which is likely to be closer to 4 as we continue to eliminate lower profit customers and products in this part of our business. As I have stated, we do expect to improve gross profit margin, but at a rate below our long term goal of 50-basis points annually due primarily to input costs. We expect an improvement of approximately 25-basis points excluding restructuring costs primarily as a result of the higher mix of consumer business in our portfolio and continued achievement of our restructuring savings. What began as a head win for us midway through 2007 is expected to continue in 2008. In our consumer business, we are impacted by higher raw material as well as higher packaging, transportation and utility costs. In our US consumer business, we are responding to this higher cost with a price increase on many items that was announced in December and will be effective in early February. This will increase US consumer sales by approximately 2.5% in fiscal year 2008. In early January, we took a similar level of increase in our branded food service products. During 2007, we were able to increase prices in our consumer brands in the UK and France and will take additional price increases in 2008. In our industrial business, we continue to adjust prices in response to higher costs. As Gordon stated, we expect commodity prices to level out as we move through 2008, this will allow us to fully implement our pass through pricing. Turning to interest expense, 2008 should be down slightly from 2007 due to lower share repurchases and lower interest rates, again assuming that we do not have incremental financing for the Lawrys acquisition. The 2008 tax rate we are assuming is 31% compared to 30.5% in 2007 when we had the benefit of some one time items. Commodity cost will also begin to impact from McCormick to Mexico joint venture in 2008 as soy bean oil is a key ingredient and their number one selling item, mayonnaise. This will put pressure in our unconsolidated income in 2008 which we expect to be below 2007 results. Another factor I would like to mention relates to share repurchase. While McCormick has used available cash for share repurchases, our pace of repurchases in 2008 will be lower than in past years as we anticipate the Lawrys acquisition. Share reduction in 2008 versus 2007 is expected to be around 1%. Higher sales in improved gross profit margin are expected to lead to an increase in earnings per share of 8% to 10% on a comparable basis excluding restructuring charges. Restructuring charges in 2007 reduced EPS $0.18 and in 2008 are expected to reduce EPS by $01.0. This puts our reported EPS projection in a range of $1.97 to $2.01. I would like to make a brief comment regarding EPS by quarter in 2008. On a comparable basis, we expect to have higher EPS growth as we move through the year for several reasons. First, with the timing of our US consumer price increase, we will get only one-months benefit in the first quarter. Second, in our industrial business, we also have some continued margin pressure due to the timing of our pricing actions versus costs increases. Third, in the first part of 2008 for our US consumer business, we will have the incremental unfavorable effect of the move to private label by our large warehouse club customer. Fourth, when comparing the first quarter of 2008 to 2007s first quarter, I want to remind you that we recorded a tax adjustment benefit of $0.01 in 2007. As a result of these factors, we expect EPS in the first quarter of 2008 to be about even with 2007 again excluding the impact of restructuring charges. Turning to cash flow, 2007 was an unusual year and met a number of payments including tax and incentives resulted in a lower amount of cash from operations versus 2006. In 2008, in addition to returning to a more normal payment cycle, we have initiatives underway to reduce inventory and receivables. Changes for our incentive plan program reflect this increased focus on working capital. Each units incentive will include a capital cost for the amount of assets, net of liabilities that are managed by that unit. We are optimistic about our potential to improve cash flow in 2008 and expect to approximate the amount of cash from operations generated in the three years prior to 2007, which averaged an excess of $300 million. As for uses of cash, we expect to find net capital expenditures of $90 million, which will be slightly ahead of depreciation and amortization. For share repurchases, our projection is $25 million which relates to the 1% reduction in shares outstanding that I mentioned earlier. That completes our remarks regarding our financial outlook. Let me summarize. We made great progress in 2007 with our key growth initiatives. Initiatives to restructure operations, re-vitalize our core brands, transform our industrial business and expand our product development capabilities. Employees around the world are aligned with these activities and achieving improvements in all aspects of the business. While we did not meet our gross profit margin objective, we were pleased to exceed our sales and profit goals in 2007. We ended the year with a strong balance sheet and are well positioned for the acquisition of Lawrys in 2008. Based on recent investor discussions, commodity costs are top of mind. I want to assure you that price increases are in place to offset these current price pressures and we are well positioned to achieve a modest increase in gross profit margin in 2008. We have confidence that we will meet our financial goals and that 2008 will be another record year for McCormick. I look forward to sharing with our progress in the upcoming quarters. To our shareholders and everyone on the call, than you for your interest and attention. We would like now to discuss your questions.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from the line of Eric Serotta with Merrill Lynch, please go ahead with your question.
Eric Serotta  Merrill Lynch: Couple of questions, first if we could touch upon the Americas consumer business, it was up about 3% for the year in terms of sales excluding currency and acquisitions. At the same time, you pointed to a number of items that were, I believe you called in the US consumer business that were up in double digit range. I was just wondering, other than the two pieces that you highlighted of the club stores and the blank at the moment, but the club stores and the pepper, what was sort of below trend or below average in the consumer business to get you to that 3% sales growth for the year?
Alan Wilson:  Core herbs and spices were a little bit lighter than that. Our PSM business was a little better than that, price seasoning mix. Our gourmet business was ahead of that.
Eric Serotta  Merrill Lynch: Could you give any color as to the reasoning behind the weakness in core herbs and spices?
Alan Wilson:  It is not weak, it is just that it was below that particular trend. We are continuing to revitalize it and we are in the process of really expanding our business, and we feel pretty good about those results in the current environment.
Eric Serotta  Merrill Lynch: And then moving on to the industrial business, could you give us some color as to your customer mix within restaurants between QSR, casual and then fine-dining. I was always under the impression that your mix was more within restaurants and industrial is more weighted towards QSR, from what I have looked at has held in pretty well up until maybe very recently, I guess I was little bit surprised to hear you say the weakness in restaurants in light of what I perceive as your greater exposure to QSR.
Alan Wilson:  We have a pretty broad customer mix in the restaurant industry through our distributor business as we sell through companies like Cisco, but we also have a pretty good mix with QSR as well.
Eric Serotta  Merrill Lynch:  Could you quantify that at all or give us any sort of rough range as QSR more than half or more than two-thirds of that restaurant business.
Gordon Stetz:  We generally do not set and give that specific level of details.
Eric Serotta  Merrily Lynch:  Just a final question to wrap up here, when I look at the cash conversion cycle and particularly receivables, I saw they were up sequentially this quarter and year-over-year, days receivables, DSOs, the sequential pattern seems like typical seasonal pattern, but I would have expected it to be a little bit less given the pull forward of sales and the extended receivables terms that you did at the end of the third quarter, why did we not see a greater improvement in receivables, DSOs this quarter?
Gordon Stetz:  As mentioned in the call, Eric, there are a couple of factors. There are a few items which are slightly distorting it, which we are reclassification items, but I would say the bigger impact is the higher sales included in our international operations and that tends to have a longer payment term, so the strong growth in the international is skewing that up a bit.
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Jonathan Feeney with Wachovia Securities, please go ahead with your question.
Jonathan Feeney- Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC: We know we are now kind of getting into grips with the impact of private label shift at one of your major warehouse customers, very interested to hear particularly as we face potential recessionary environments, what other major customers are thinking about private label in their category because actually, we are seeing that tick up in the measuring dial a little bit of spices and seasonings, I mean, should we expect to see more of this kind of activity or have you been able to convince people that New McCormick is the best way to go for their spices and seasonings category?
Alan Wilson:  Yes, I do not think we are seeing any major shifts on that. What we are seeing is some consumer interest in value and we saw a pretty strong fourth quarter where customers who had their pricing right and the merchandising right did very well. Whereas where pricing was brought at retail, it was not as strong, but we are not seeing a broad shift to private label at all. We are seeing the usual trend that has been relatively flat for a preferred number of years. In private label.
Jonathan Feeney- Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC: Just one follow up, if you would not mind, I know there is some sensitivity surrounding the Lawrys deal, but if you take a look at the data, on that, since the news it decelerated a little bit and it is certainly probably fair to say there has been a lower rate of investment by Unilever that would probably prove sustainable. Could you give us a sense philosophically about the levels of investment you think you will need to put back into that brand to get it going and how you are feeling about that integration?
Alan Wilson:  Jonathan, we are not really prepared at this point to talk in any detail with that. We are in the regulatory process and we are respecting that process and as we are able to close it, we will provide you more details and color on what we plan to do.
Jonathan Feeney- Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC: Cant fault a guy for trying, can you? Thanks very much.
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse, please go ahead with your question.
Robert Moskow  Credit Suisse: Bob, I just want to wish you a many happy returns. I hope you enjoy the next stage. And I think what a critic might ask here is that you said that your overall advertising is down for the year and then down $3 million for the quarter, but what I guess I would worry about is you have a 6% increase in operating income and the consumer business in the quarter, but lower advertising spending really helped you there, what are your goals for advertising for 08? To what extent do you think it is going to drive your business and I guess that is the main thing, I would hope that you would be trying to drive brand growth to further justify your price premiums to private label in this environment.
Alan Wilson:  We do expect the advertising spend in 2008 to be up. The change in 2007 was a fairly modest drop and what is happening is as we are looking at our advertising mix and effectiveness, we moved more of our spend in 2007 to print and interactive which has a lower cost than TV, but we do expect our spend to be slightly up and continue advertising it to percentage of sales to be relatively the same in 2008 as it has been in the past. Recall that we doubled our advertising in the fourth quarter of 2006.
Robert Moskow  Credit Suisse: Okay, and then just one follow up, have you done any kind of, if you have that R & D facility where you do consumer testing, have you ever done any focus groups to ask consumers what do they think about how they currently spend on spices and seasonings. The price of these bottles can be $4.00, $5.00 and I guess, my concern would be if they feel like their pantry is full and most pantries are filled with all kinds of bottles, does it make them any less willing to take a risk or to be a little more experimental and buy another one.
Alan Wilson:  Yes, our focus is on value added products and we do a tremendous amount of consumer research and every initiative that we do, we do price comparisons versus private label and to get to the right price for the consumers and as we have said, we do not control what the prices on the shelf. That is completely up to the customers, our customers who have gotten pricing right have done pretty well and where things get out of touch, it is a little more difficult, but we do have a target of what we think and we try to maintain a fairly good premium to the different offerings that are out there on the shelf, but again, we want to continue to drive the value add in our business and that is what our innovation is all about.
Joyce Brooks: There was interest in our gourmet, our premium price line had significant increase in 2007. 
Robert Moskow  Credit Suisse: That is interesting, and your price increase, you said it is about 2.5% incremental for the year, can you give us a sense about what percent of the items in your line you are taking pricing on just on a unit basis like some were up 10% and some were up zero.
Alan Wilson:  The average is up about 5% for the items that were taken pricing on, but we have excluded specifically pepper and vanilla which we took last year and some of the pepper products, so I think it impacts about 70% of our line.
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Terry Bivens with Bear Stearns & Company, please go ahead with your question.
Terry Bivens  Bear Stearns: Bob, best wishes from me as well. Just in terms of the inputs that is really the hot topic. We are looking for cheese to come down pretty hard. Are you guys looking for kind of the same progression through the summer and then the question would be if you are, then how are you looking at soy been oil and wheat just in terms of when you expect that to kind of get better?
Alan Wilson:  We are seeing some moderation certainly in cheese and we are still catching in some of that and in some of our markets, we are still seeing soy bean oil at a pretty high level and would hope to see that it starts a level off as we go through the year. Wheat is another commodity and we are expecting it to be pretty high, but we are expecting not be as volatile as last year.
Terry Bivens  Bear Stearns: I am seeing more and more of the new shelving racks, now, I guess according to the press release, you are more than half done on those now, can you give us an update on what kind of leaps you are seeing there?
Alan Wilson:  We are still seeing and very obviously by customer, but we are seeing leaps in the low single digit to mid single digit kind of range as we do our comparisons. It is still pretty fluid, there is a lot going on in the markets. We are reworking some of the planograms from some of our early introductions to make sure we have the shelf space for the popular items as we said in the call, but we are feeling still very, very positive about the initiative and we are continuing to set stores. Now, we are ahead of target in 2007 and expect to be largely at our goal by the end of 2008.
Terry Bivens  Bear Stearns: And just one quick thing, Alan, the last time I talked to you. Maybe this was my perception but it sounded like you were a little bit more worried about a trade down from branded to private label, then you just expressed a few minutes ago, can I infer from that that the November numbers were a little better than you thought they might be in terms of the branded private label calculus?
Alan Wilson: We were happy with the holiday results and we fully expect the holiday purchases of branded items to be stronger. A seasonal pattern, as people are producing their holiday meals they do not want to take chances on quality so our branded shares tend to do very well in the holiday. What we talked about in our last conversation Terry, was not private label so much but some of the trade down to economy brands which we produce, as you are aware, we have few of those brands and we have seen some strength in that, just as we have seen strength in the gourmets, we are still seeing a bit of a bipolar distribution as to where to strengthen for the consumers.
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank, please go ahead with your question.
Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank Securities:  Bob, timing is impeccable and the market is going crazy as usual. A few questions, I guess your working capital has always or for a long time been a problem, what gives you confidence particularly in this volatile time for commodities, what gives you confidence that you can bring that down?
Alan Wilson:  I think Eric, it is a combination of things. We have gone through a period of restructuring in a number of implementations with SAT. When you go through those events you do tend to focus on service levels and not perhaps the same focus in diligence on an overall working capital. So we think, we have moved to a point within the restructuring program in the SAT implementation that we can start to bring this down. Obviously, commodity cost pressures are going to have an impact but we feel confident that we can monitor this and decrease the rate of growth certainly at a rate less than sales. We have programs in place, as Alan mentioned in this call, which relates to higher incentive targets for our general managers that we are tasking them with a capital charge on net working capital so we are hoping to bring a greater focus within the operating units there as well.
Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank Securities:  And then, I do not know, maybe this is a question for both Alan and Bob, but do you see, given all the volatility in the market, do you see some of the family-run companies that you have talked with over the years. I am thinking like Phukes in Germany and I think there was a South African company too, maybe Mick Laney Tabasco Group. With all the volatility of what is going on in the market, is there any more likelihood of M&A beyond Lawrys could you do it given the debt that you are going to have to put on assuming Lawrys is approved as is?
Alan Wilson: Yes, we feel like we still have capacity for acquisitions and obviously we will scrutinize them as we always do to make sure that they are pretty quickly accretive or they fit a specific strategy around, maybe a geographical expansion that we are looking at. We do not believe we are out of the market. We have made a commitment as we did with the crow. Once we get Lawrys to work very aggressively to get it back within our debt targets as quickly as possible and we have said, we want to do that within two years. So we may be out of the market for a large acquisition for a period of time, but we believe that we can successfully handle the bolt on and the strategic acquisitions in certain geographies. 
Bob Lawless:  I would just comment relative to the private companies that have been on our list for years. We see no change in overall direction from them, relative to their accelerated participation in the categories or decelerated. I think it still is business as usual.
Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank Securities: Last question, I guess the price increase that you took in the US, I think you said you said on those items where you raised it, it was 5%, given how tough it has been for everybody to predict on pricing or input cost, I should say, why not be a bit more aggressive on the assumption that, almost anybody that has made a forecast on cost moderating has been wrong, why not try to get out in front?
Alan Wilson:  As you know, price increases are always difficult and we wanted to be responsible and maintain as much as we can, a premium with private label, because consumers do have other alternatives and so, we are looking to be responsible on how we went out with the price increase. We were not looking to do anything because that would impact consumer take away, and we do see a volume impact certainly as we raise prices. So, we are just trying to be responsible as we are doing that.
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Ann Gurkin with Davenport & Company, please go ahead with your question.
Ann Gurkin  Davenport & Co. of Virginia, Inc.:  Just to continue on the pricing discussion, I am just a bit curious on your insights into kind of the acceptance of the customer whether it is industrial or retail on another round of pricing and there is a lot of concern that the customer really cannot accept anymore pricing, I am just a bit curious on your insights.
Alan Wilson:  You probably have recognized, we are not the only company out there that is trying to pass on higher input costs and it is a pretty common theme. Anytime we are having pricing discussions, it is an adversarial conversation but we are finding that we have been able to implement as we have all along. We are certainly working with our industrial customers on reformulating products so that we can help to blunt some of the cost impacts and we want to work with customers. But anytime you are having a pricing discussion, you are not having the conversation around how we really drive innovation to grow the business and we would like as much as we can get on to that conversation because that is what is best for both of us.
Ann Gurkin  Davenport & Co. of Virginia, Inc.:  In the US, on 2008, do you think you will repeat the holiday pre-pack promotion? Did that meet your expectations?
Alan Wilson: Yes, the customers that took that had the displays up early and largely performed as we expected them to. It did what we wanted to, from a distributions standpoint. It got our displays in the stores earlier so we need to evaluate it, and now that we have closed the holiday period, but I would expect that we would repeat that.
Ann Gurkin  Davenport & Co. of Virginia, Inc.: And perhaps increase the number of customers on that?
Alan Wilson: Potentially
Ann Gurkin  Davenport & Co. of Virginia, Inc.: And then, thirdly, can you talk about the inventory levels at McCormick for your products as they start 2008?
Alan Wilson: We finished the year higher in inventory than we wanted, absolutely, a lot of it driven by the cost of commodities as well as pretty significant. That is impact, and we are working diligently as Gordon said within the units to bring it back to a more moderate level. We do expect to see progress in inventories this year.
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Chris Growe with Stifel Nicolaus, please go ahead with your question.
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus:  I will just have a few follow-ups if I could, the first one, just relative to the cost savings on the restructuring program, did that sort of incremental $5 million will still hit in the Fourth Quarter because I think you were still talking $30 million last quarter?
Alan Wilson: It was pretty spread through the year, but when we got it all done, we were able to look back that that is the number that we came up with but it was pretty spread through the year. We did speak about some SG&A savings in Q4 that helped so a good portion of that would have helped.
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: It hit in the fourth quarter then. And then the benefit of that, I should say is the sales that you kind of pulled forward to Q3, would you like to continue that in 2008 after some kind of going forward because we are kind of remodeling around that it should continue in 2008?
Alan Wilson: As we evaluate the final holiday program, we will make that decision but we expect that we will continue in 2008.
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: And then, I guess there was comment about the industrial profit margin decline moderating throughout the year, is there a lag in sort of the announcement of the price realization, therefore the benefit to that division, I mean, it is announced now that we will see more of it in say Q2 and Q3 or does it hit pretty quickly as I expected.
Alan Wilson: Well it will still be a bit of lag, and we are still chasing a good bit of cost volatility so we do not expect that to be immediate, but we do expect it to be helped through the year both from a combination of getting the commodity pass through but also product mix and portfolio mix.
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: And then, if you look at your Americas consumer division, really the folks in the US, the shelf systems are in place now and a large chunk of the customers you hoped to have them in, of course you have more on 08. Are you still seeing the sort of sales lift you had expected from those shelves and I guess I would have thought we would see more of it in the reported results already, is 2008 sort of the year for that you think?
Alan Wilson: Yes, I mean, we are seeing it with the individual customers and recall, we set a portion of them in 2006 so we had an impact there, as we set them through 2007, it was a lot of it in progress, so I think in 2008 as we continue, we will still see the impact of it as it goes through. And we are seeing a variety. We are still happy with the results and we are seeing some customers that are doing better with it than others.
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: Just one last final, relative to working capital, not to beat that one here any further but, are there specific goals then whether it is by division or is it by, managers have this now in their compensation around the receivables and inventory and payables.
Alan Wilson: Yes, we have set specific goals and we differentiate it within the units as to what those goals are based on what we think the improvement capabilities are.
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: So would it be possible to roll those up, to tell us those numbers for the year or?
Alan Wilson: It really is reflected in the cash flow guidance. We are not giving specific targets by working capital category, but it is reflected in our guidance around the cash flow number. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mitchell Pinheiro with Janney Montgomery Scott, please go ahead with your question.
Mitchell Pinheiro  Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Most of my questions have been asked and most have been answered. Bob, I wish you the best of luck. It looks like the Detroit Red Wings do not need you right now but maybe Toronto does. So there is something for you to do. How did you progress with a Simply Asia and Thai Kitchen, in terms of either ACB increases or can you talk about sales growth there?
Alan Wilson: Yes, the sales growth for the year was about 10% and we doubled the ACB of the Simply Asia brand and increased the Thai Kitchen brand by about 30% in ACB.
Mitchell Pinheiro  Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: What were the other plans for 08 in those two brands?
Alan Wilson: Well, now that we have a good level of distribution and we started in the Fourth Quarter to kick in advertising for Simply Asia, we really want to bring the consumer franchise to it. We are still working on the product mix and getting the right planograms for different stores and making sure that we have got the right mix of products so that it is performing.
Mitchell Pinheiro  Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: How about, in terms of marketing, getting back in the Fourth Quarter, was that a premeditated switch down, and from TV to print and interactive, or how long was that planned and you had been looking for sort of a flattish performance in terms of the marketing spend.
Alan Wilson: The plan for the switch to interactive and print was pretty much the annual plan. The Fourth Quarter spend was a little lower when it rolled up than we expected but it was a significant change from plan at all. It was just the way it ended up coming in. But the switch to more print, as we do our ROI analysis, that we talked with you about in the past, we are always remixing our marketing mix based on what is working and we do that every six months.
Mitchell Pinheiro  Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Two more questions, one, when do you lap your warehouse club shift to private label, when does that happen?
Alan Wilson: In he Second Quarter.
Mitchell Pinheiro  Janney Montgomery Scott LLC:  In the middle or the beginning?
Alan Wilson: Towards the end.
Mitchell Pinheiro  Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: And as far as your pricing actions and I guess back to Erics question about, sort of getting ahead and I appreciate your, not wanting to get too far ahead because of the private label price gap, but just conceptually, have you priced in where we are today with the commodities, so in other words that we can benchmark if wheat and soy go further we can kind of anticipate further increases or are you behind the curve already or are you still ahead of the curve? Could you talk about that a little bit?
Alan Wilson: In then consumer business we have to build in based on projections that where we think things are and that tends to be more predictable and we only take pricing on certain frequencies. We do not get to the market in consumer very often. In industrial, we tend to respond more looking backward in terms of commodity cost. So we are trying the price to recover which has driven that lag effect. But in consumer, we are really looking at projections and what we think is going to happen through the course of the year. Obviously, if we have a highly volatile impact in consumer we have the ability to go back to the market, but we tend not to that very often.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar with Lehman Brothers, please go ahead with your question.
Andrew Lazar - Lehman Brothers:  I just want to head back, just briefly, to the action you took in the Third Quarter around selling in some of the holiday items early, I know that at that time and then today, you again talked about how all of the benefit there is around distribution efficiencies and manufacturing efficiencies and such. And I assume that is part of your kind of the ongoing productivity savings that you have talked about. I might have made more of this in my own head than maybe it was there, but I kind of remember there being also the potential for a lot more benefits coming from ultimately getting the product in the hands of the retailer earlier, setting up displays earlier, if were out of stocks, better in-store kind of execution, kind of when it really matters, is it just that you have not done the final analysis on whether that really happened and was that really part of what the ultimate benefit would be and is that a bigger piece of it than the efficiencies part or not?
Alan Wilson: The primary reason we needed to do it is because we were hoping a third distribution center, September 1st and we did not wanted to double ship those items so, that is really what drove it, the side benefit of giving it to the stores earlier is something that we absolutely wanted to drive, but that pre-shipment or the early shipment only represents a fairly small percentage of our overall holiday promotional shipments. So, it certainly had an impact in the stores who took it, who got it up early and priced it right and we feel pretty good about that, do not read more into it than it is, it was not 80% of our holiday shipment, it was a much smaller percentage of our displays than you might expect. But we think it was executed right, it was successful. It certainly helped us in distribution efficiencies. It took a tremendous amount of pressure off, off our distribution channel as we were opening that warehouse and our overtime levels were way lower in our warehouses as a result.
Andrew Lazar - Lehman Brothers:  On some of the smaller sort of branded spice competitors out there because obviously, you have some of the manufacturing control of the private label and can manage that gap a bit better, what about some of the things that are out there, the smaller players, have they been following, I mean, I would assume they are going to hit with equal pricing pressure, if not greater, have you seen, most of the mandatory fragment that I realized but a lot of them reacted in a similar fashion.
Alan Wilson:  Yes, we are generally seeing our branded competitors following with pricing for the most part. That is a general, I would not say that there is not a few that have not but I think generally, everybody is seeing the same cost pressures that we are seeing.
Andrew Lazar - Lehman Brothers: This very last thing, so this is the second quarter I think now in a row where, you did show, 3.5% Americas consumer sales growth and it was three to four last quarter as well, kind of on an adjusted ongoing basis, and that was the piece that had been decelerating for some period of time and partly the way that a lot of the spice revitalization and all that, are you at a point where in your planning and as you move forward to 08 or what have you, excluding the kind of extraordinary pricing moves that you had to take in such, that kind of that 3% to 4 % kind of level around sales growth in Americas consumer is a sort of a more sustainable level, based on some of the things that you have done, I mean, is there enough evidence where you have it that would suggest that is the case?
Alan Wilson: Yes, we expect it, I mean, the way we build our model is, we expect to get 1% to 2 % volume growth and then get about half our growth from innovation and as the renovation pipeline is pretty healthy and as that grows that adds to that core growth, but we have a fairly modest expectation for like on like volume growth and we think what we have is achievable.
Operator: We do have a follow-up question from the line of Eric Katzman, please go ahead with your question.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank:  I just kind of looked into the model as I was listening to the call, it kind of just strikes me Gordon that we are kind of comparing apples and oranges a little bit, because when you talk about, modest share repo of $25 million, that is assuming, I believe that, the Lawrys deal goes through because otherwise if the $300-plus million of free cash flow you are talking about, the share repo number would actually, probably be north of $100 million. So are you not kind of comparing a little bit of apples and oranges? I understand the reason for it, but just so I am clear, because otherwise the free cash flow suggests that you have a lot more cash coming in.
Gordon Stetz: Yes, obviously we would be applying that cash in the event. This is a base model projection assuming no Lawrys, I granted in the event that we were not anticipating the acquisition that we would be more aggressive with the share repurchase if that is your question.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Yes, that is basically it.
Gordon Stetz:  Yes, but the impact of the average share is that we are also talking about that is, generally being driven by the prior year activity because we were very aggressive as you know in the first three quarters and this is an average share calculation if I am understanding your question.
Operator: There are no further questions in the queue at this time. I would like to hand it back over to management.
Joyce Brooks:  Thank you, this concludes todays call, January 30th you can access a telephone replay of the call by dialing 877-660-6853 and ask for replay number 309. You will need a replay ID number, it is 263039 and you can look into a replay also on our website after 2 p.m. today. If you have further questions or points to discuss regarding todays information, please give me a call at 410-7717244.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-09-27 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Joyce Brooks - Assistant Treasurer  Robert J. Lawless - Chairman and CEO  Francis A. Contino - EVP, Strategic Planning and CFO  Alan D. Wilson - President and COO 
Analysts: Terry Bivens - Bear Stearns  Jonathan Feeney - Wachovia Securities  Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch  Christopher Growe - A. G. Edwards  Eric Katzman - Deustche Bank  Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse  Gil Alexander - Darphil Associates  Mitch Pinheiro - Janney, Montgomery, Scott  Oliver Wood - Stifel Nicolaus  Andrew Lazar - Lehman Brothers 
Operator: Good morning. My name Morsa and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone for the McCormick & Company Third Quarter Financial Results Conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker's remarks there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions].  Thank you. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to Joyce Brooks. Ma'am you may begin your conference. 
Joyce Brooks - Assistant Treasurer: Good morning and thank you for joining this morning's teleconference. With me on today's call are Bob Lawless, Chairman and CEO of McCormick, Alan Wilson, President and COO, Fran Contino, Executive Vice President, Strategic Planning and CFO and Paul Beard, Vice President of Finance and Treasurer. Also sitting in on today's call is Gordon Stetz, currently Vice President of Finance for Europe, who will replace Fran as CFO effective November 1st.  Bob will be discussing McCormick's financial results for the third quarter ending August 31st, including business update and will provide an outlook for the fourth quarter and year. At the end of his remarks, we look forward to your questions.  Before we begin our discussion, please note that during the course of this conference call, we may make projections or other forward-looking statements and actual results could differ materially from those projected in our forward-looking statements. In addition, information we present today, which excludes restructuring charges are not GAAP measures and we present this information for comparative purposes alongside the most directly comparable GAAP measures.  Please refer to this morning's press release, which is posted on our website for more specific information on these topics. As indicated in the press release, the Company undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or other factors. Today's event is being webcast and following the call an audio replay can be abscessed at ir.mccormick.com.  I would now like to turn the discussion over to Bob. 
Robert J. Lawless - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Joyce. And good morning to those on the call and joining those joining us by webcast. I want to begin by stating that we are pleased with our third quarter results with both sales and profits ahead of expectations. We grew sales 8% and reporting earnings per share of $0.43, which was $0.45 on a comparable basis, excluding restructuring charges.  Our consumer business performance was particularly strong this quarter with sales up 9% and 16% increase in operating income, excluding restructuring charges. On the other hand, we had a tough quarter for industrial business, which is working through challenges from increased raw material costs and general weakness in the restaurant industry.  Let me discuss each of these businesses in more detail starting with our consumer business. Sales for this part of our business rose 8.5% with a favorable impact of 2.4% from foreign exchange rates; an increase of 6.1% was primarily driven by higher volume. Consumer sales in the Americas were up 7.9% this quarter with a 0.5% benefit from foreign currency. Sales were affected significantly by an estimated $9 million to $11 million of earlier sales for the fall season in the U. S. consumer business. By encouraging our customers to buy early, we are able to achieve operative operational efficiency by moving some of our production out of the peak fourth quarter.  We also expect to benefit from early store placement for promoted items. This move added 3.5% to 4.5% to the third quarter sales in the Americas. While this action will lower fourth quarter sales the percentage reduction will close to the 3%, as this is our peak sales period for the consumer business in the Americas.  For a second quarter now, we were unfavorably impacted by the expansion into private label line by one of our warehouse club customers. While we are supplier of some of this private label, a number of our branded products are no longer carried by this customer. This reduced sale in the region by approximately 1%.  Offsetting this decrease was the incremental impact to Simply Asia Foods in the month of June. As a reminder, our acquisition of this business occurred at the end of June 2006. The underlying growth in the third quarter from the consumers business in Americas was 3% to 4% range. This increase was driven by our revitalization initiative for the core business and a growth of other product lines, including Hispanic, seafood compliments, Zatarain's and gourmet products in the U. S. and our Club House brand products in Canada.  We are making great progress in 2007 with the number of stores converted to new merchandising system. As of last week, we completed 6,150 stores, up from 4,750 that we have reported at the end of June. Another 1,500 will be set before the holiday seasons. We continued with these conversions in 2008 with an estimated 12,000 to 14,000 stores in total, completing the changeover.  In addition to the revitalization of our core spices seasoning line, we are encouraged by other growth drivers. This includes our seafood revitalization, which is well under way and the introduction of new items such a reduced sodium version, our popular item such as seasoning blends and Zatarains rice mixes. Our gourmet line continues to do well with the expanded gourmet organic products launched early in the year for the U. S. and more recently in Canada.  I would like next to turn to our consumer business in Europe. As in the Americas, we are making great progress with the growth initiatives in this market with improved financial results for this part of our business. In total, sales rose 9.7% as it heads through towards 2007. Foreign exchange rates had a significant impact adding 6.2% to sales. With improved and incremental marketing support, we grew sales volume with Ducros branded products in France. Sales of our Schwartz branded products in the U. K. has a better product introductions, marketing support and higher price. In both of these key markets, we are continuing to make strides with improved merchandising for retail customers.  In early September, Lawrence Kurzius, President of this region joined me at an Investor Conference during which we focused on our business in Europe. I encourage anyone who wants to hear more about the turnaround underway for this part of the business to access the replay of this presentation on our website, or to contact Joyce Brooks.  In the Asia-Pacific region, we increased sales 10.6% with a 9.3% benefit from foreign exchange rates. Sales growth in China continued at a rapid pace with another double digit increase, expanded distribution and marketing support behind our course core spices and seasoning products drove sales volume with increase in a number of wet products. Sales growth in China was offset in part by lower sales in our branded spices, and herb line in Australia. This was due to the move by our large retailer earlier in 2007 to introduce the private labels alliance spices and herbs. Our emphasis in Australia remains on value-added items and we are achieving growth for product lines such as airplane brand gelatin.  Across all regions, operating income for the consumer business was $70.5 million, when restructuring charges are excluded. This is a strong increase of 16.2% from the third quarter of 2006 with the benefit of higher sales and lower selling, general and administrative expense. Marketing support was up in line with the third quarter sales increase. As I stated earlier, we continually extremely pleased with the consumer business performance.  Moving on to our industrial business. We made progress with our transformation efforts and achieved good growth in a number of variance. However, third quarter results were unfavorably affected by the effects of higher material cost and a general weakness on the restaurant industry. We increased industrial business sales 7.4%; foreign exchanges rates had a 2.6% favorable impact and the elimination of low margins customers and SKUs reduced sales by 2.4%. An increase of 7.2% was driven equally by volume and by price and product mix.  In the Americas, sales rose 2.9% from last year. Foreign exchange rates added 0.7% and customer SKU elimination reduced sales by 2.6%. A sales increase of 4.8% was mainly due to price increase taken to keep pace with increase of material costs including pepper, soya oil and flour.  Higher volume in this quarter was achieved with increased sales of snacks seasonings, new beverage flavors and other new items to large food manufacturers. This part of our business is performing in line with our targets for 2007. However, we have continued to experience reduced sales for the restaurant side of our business, which is being affected by the general weakness in the foodservice industry.  Europe had another good sales quarter for the industrial business. Following year-to-date increase of 22.5%, sales for the third quarter rose 16.1%, which was an 8.8% increase in local currency. In this region, the elimination of low margin customers and SKUs reduced sales by 2.5%.  An increase of 11.3% was volume related and due to strong promotional and new product sales to Quick Service Restaurants. Sales of Schwartz and Ducros branded products to the foodservice channel also rose in this quarter. About one-third of the increase was incremental sales of condiments from a joint venture in South Africa, which was added in the fourth quarter of 2006. While we expect some moderation of growth in the fourth quarter, we are extremely pleased with our industrial sales performance and turnaround in Europe.  In Asia-Pacific region, we increased industrial sales 27.3%, and in local currency the increase was 18.8% with equal contributions from higher volume, and for favorable price and product mix. With increased sales in both Australia and China, especially, with Quick Service Restaurant customers; these customers have awarded the supply of new items to McCormick performing and we are benefiting from their promotions and growth in these markets.  Excluding restructuring charges, operating income for the industrial business was $22.6 million compared to $22.7 million in the third quarter of in 2006. Our 7% sales increase and the benefit of cost savings and favorable in general, selling and administrative expenses were offset by higher material costs during this quarter. We are in a unique period right now when costs of some of our main commodities including flour and soya oil have risen to unprecedented levels and continue to trade with tremendous volatility. Costs for these commodities rose rapidly during the third quarter and toward the end of the quarter we began to see increased cheese prices, as well. While we were in the process of passing these higher costs through to our strategic customers with higher prices, operating income could again be impacted by these factors in the fourth quarter.  Next, I would like to comment on how the consumer and industry results came together for the third quarter. For the total business, we achieved a sales increase of 8% and in local currency the increase was 5.5%. Whereas, we are very pleased with our sales growth this quarter, profit margin has fallen below our objective for 2007. Gross profit margin for the third quarter decreased 90 basis points. The decline occurred on the industrial side of our business.  If you recall, we achieved a significant improvement in the first quarter this year as we realized cost savings related to our restructuring program. In the second quarter, higher commodity costs began to offset these savings. We also incurred some costs related to maintaining customer service levels during several facility consolidations. At that time, we expected that our pricing actions would catch up with higher material costs in the second half and the costs to maintain customer service levels would lessen. While the customer service situation lessened in the third quarter, commodity costs increased further and are expected to remain at a high level through the fourth quarter. So, as I indicated a moment ago, we are still in the catch up mode on our pass through pricing with industrial customers. Please keep in mind that in the period of rising costs our pricing protocol with industrial customers preserves gross profit dollars but results in a lower gross profit margin.  In our consumer business, we are being impacted to a lesser extent by basic commodities but are beginning to face other increases including packaging costs. We will take appropriate actions to off see these offset these increases as we move into 2008. The bottom line is that the gross profit margin will continue to be under pressure for the rest of 2007 and most likely into the first part of 2008. This is particularly frustrating as we have made great progress over our restructuring program and are on track to achieve our cost reductions at or above $30 million goal for 2007.  As we have in the past, we will provide more specific 2008 guidance for gross profit margin and other financial factors in our January conference call when we announce our 2007 fourth quarter results. As a percent of sales and excluding restructuring charges, third quarter selling, general and administrative expenses were 26.9% for this year compared to 28.3% last year. Again, we are benefiting from reductions in those operating expenses as part of our restructuring program. We will also have lower incentive compensation expense in the third quarter of 2007 compared to the third quarter of 2006, in which we increased our year-to-date accrual.  Interest expense was up $1.8 million this quarter due to increased debt levels and higher interest rates on our short-term debt. We applied a tax rate of 30.7% to the third quarter in order to bring our year-to-date rate to 30.4%. This includes an underlying rate of 31%, as well as the benefits for some discrete tax items in 2007. A tax rate of 31% is below our guidance of 32% and is a result of our income across various tax jurisdictions in which we operate. In the third quarter of 2006, the tax rate was 26.1% which also included a year-to-date rate reduction, as well as a resolution of an international tax audit. Our tax rate was also low in the fourth quarter of 2006 at 29.8%.  Income from unconsolidated operations continue at a high level reported in the third quarter 2006 with good performance in our McCormick-Zatarain joint venture. As I will describe more fully in a minute, we stepped up the pace of our share repurchases this quarter and reduced shares outstanding by 1.8%. We reported third quarter EPS of 43%... $0.43 compared to $0.32 in 2006. Charges related to the restructuring program reduced earnings per share $0.02 in the third quarter of 2007 and $0.10 in the third quarter of 2006. Excluding the impact of these restructuring charges, EPS rose $0.03 or 7.1%. We estimate the earlier timing of sales for our U. S. consumers business add an approximately $0.02. Other sales of increases and improved operating income margins added another $0.03. We had unfavorable effects from the higher tax rates versus 2006 of $0.02 and from higher interest expense of $0.01. Lower average outstanding shares added $0.01 EPS.  I want to spend a few moments on the latest balance sheet and our cash flow information. At the end of the quarter, accounts receivables were up $72 million compared to August 31st 2006. Foreign exchange rate accounted for $13 million of the increase. The timing of value-added tax remittances added $17 million. The remaining $42 million increase included receivable related to heavier sale at quarter end that included the earlier fall season sale to our U. S. consumer business.  Inventories continued to be high ending the quarter at $440 million compared to $417 million at the end of 2006. Foreign exchange rate accounted for $9 million of the increase. Above one-half of the remaining $14 million is due to higher material cost and one-half due to higher volumes, primarily in certain international locations. In the U. S. and Europe, we began to make good pleasant progress to both our consumer and industrial business in reducing inventory volumes.  Midway through the third quarter, we stepped up the pace of our share repurchase given the lower price of McCormick stock. By quarter end, we have purchased 2.5 million shares at an average price of $36.33, for the total to be $9.3 million. This compared to $27.6 million in the third quarter of 2006. Year-to-date our repurchases have totaled $146.8 million and we expect to repurchase up to $180 million worth of shares by year end. This should reduce average shares outstanding by approximately 2% for the 2007 fiscal year when option and RSU activity is considered.  At August 31st 2007, $59 million remained on the current $400 million authorization that the Board approved in June of 2005. The Board will be discussing a new authorization at the upcoming meeting. On the cash flow statement, we also reported an acquisition of $30 million from the Thai Kitchens brand in Europe. The business was operated separately from Simply Asia Foods in the U. S. and we recently negotiated and completed this transaction. Annual sales are approximately $7 million.  Lets take a look at the fourth quarter. We are well prepared for the important holiday season with our new merchandising systems, new products on the shelves and brand marketing plans, all designs to drive sales. As pointed out earlier, we expect the estimated $9 million to $11 million earlier sales related to the fall season to lower fourth quarter sales. The estimated $0.02 EPS benefit of these sales in the third quarter, are expect to driven unfavorably impact on the fourth quarter earnings per share.  While we experienced greater than expected pressure on our industrial profit margin, we have been able to offset this with lower expenses, including those resulting from a restructuring program. We have also had the benefit of lower tax rate and favorable foreign exchanges rates that are likely to continue into the fourth quarter.  So, as we look ahead to the balance of fiscal year, we reaffirm the increased outlook shared in our June conference call. Sales are expected to grow 5% to 7% versus our initial guidance of 4% to 6%. And our EPS guidance is 9% to 11% increase versus the 8% to 10% goal set at the beginning of the year on a comparable basis, excluding restructuring charges.  Before I summarize, let me comment briefly on the transition of CFO that will take place on November 1. Many of you listening on today's call know the succession planning has been priority, not only for me, but for McCormick entire Board of Directors. I consider the passing of the CFO role from Fran to Gordon to be a perfect example of effectiveness of succession planning at McCormick.  Following positions at General Foods and Citicorp, Gordon joined McCormick in 1987 and was identified earlier in this group as a high talented manager. His role at McCormick began with financial analysis and Investor Relations and progressed strategic planning and acquisitions. The head of Finance and Administration for our U. S. consumer business, and most recently the Vice President of Finance for Europe. During his years with McCormick Gordon was instrumental on the acquisition of Ducros, the implement of SAP and our U. S. consumer business, a successful launch of our shared services organization and the restructuring and transformation of our European business.  We have great confidence in his abilities, knowledge and experience that we have Gordon welcome Gordon into the CFO position on November 1. As excited as I am about the prospects of Gordon in his new role, it's with equal pride and admiration and looking back look back on what Fran Contino has achieved as CFO of McCormick. From the day Fran joined McCormick in 1998, Fran approached this business with the fresh perspective and an incredible focus. As CFO, his initiative in leadership with the catalyst to significant change and accomplishments, accomplishments that continue to benefit our Company today.  These include the successful development and implementation of SAP worldwide, an increased gross profit margin through supply chain initiatives and most recently our restructuring program. We leave behind an excellent financial organization that is able to expertly navigate the ever more challenging regulatory and reporting environment. In the interest of time I will end with the statement that Fran has been an equal part of the shareholder value, we have built at this great Company.  Even though Fran is with us through July of next year, I want to take a few minutes today, this should be his last earnings call, to recognize his accomplishment with our shareholders and analysts, especially those who worked and developed their relationship with him over the years. 
Francis A. Contino - Executive Vice President, Strategic Planning and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks Bob for those kind remarks. I will try to keep my composure as this is a kind of a sentimental day for me, but I did want to tell you how fortunate I feel that I am given the fact that I made the decision nearly 10 years ago to come with McCormick. There couldnt have been a more rewarding experience and the Company has done extremely well and its been a joy for me, particularly working side-by-side with you and under your great leadership.  I would also like to say that one of the many joys of being a CFO is having an opportunity to work in Investor Relations. And I would like to thank everybody on the call and listening in, who have given me the opportunity to meet them and to share the story about McCormick. It surely is something that I really enjoyed.  And finally I would like to close with saying how pleased and delighted to welcome Gordon into this role. Gordon is a person, I have now known for all those 10 years and a person that is so well-qualified with little succession learning curve time that will be necessary. In fact he is ready to go and we are very fortunate to have. So thanks to all of you on the call I really appreciate it. 
Robert J. Lawless - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you Fran, but an important thing to remember, you are not going anywhere until we get these tough questions out of the way in the next 10 or 15 or 20 minutes.  Let me share some final thoughts with you. Our business is not without challenges. As was clear in todays message, our industrial business is in a period right now, where its under pressure with steep cost increases for several commodities and a general weakness in the restaurant industry. We have been able to offset these headwinds and expect to do so in the future by the following items.  Tremendous progress with our revitalization programs designed to improve the consumer shopping experience, increase purchases and reduce customer labor costs. Progress with innovative new products that meet todays trends towards flavor, wellness and convenience. Progress with our efforts to lower costs through our restructuring program, at the midway point this program has been well executed and we are on track to meet or exceed our savings targets. And throughout McCormick employees are focused on the right things to move our business forward and to achieve a positive change.  Our accomplishments are doing the financial performance that includes a 7.5% year-to-date sales growth and most importantly a 16% increase in earnings per share on a comparable basis, excluding restructuring charges. And at the same time, as I said earlier, we maintain our guidance for the year despite these costs pressures.  Together with Alan, Fran and Gordon and the rest of the leadership team at McCormick, I am extremely confident that our market position, growth initiatives and sustainable throughout strategy will lead to increased value for McCormick shareholders.  To our shareholders and everyone on the call, we thank you for your interest and attention. And now we would like to discuss your questions.  Question and Answer 
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions].  Your first question is coming from Terry Bivens with Bear Stearns. Please go ahead. 
Terry Bivens - Bear Stearns: Good morning everyone. 
Robert J. Lawless - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Terry. 
Terry Bivens - Bear Stearns: And Fran, good luck, hit them straight. Bob, just with regard to your remarks this morning, I must say, a little bit more little bit less buoyant than I thought they might be. Lets on the issue of the advance shipments there, I guess, my expectation had been that, I know, you guys are trying to expand the fall into a cooking season, but I guess I thought that now you stand apart a little bit from the normal holiday sales, so I guess I was a bit surprised to hear to what added to Q3 might be subtracted from Q4. Can you give us a little bit more color on that, the thinking behind that? 
Robert J. Lawless - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think, Terry in the past years we have talked and Alan talked on previous conference calls where we always had intention this time of the year to make sure the stores, warehouses and in fact the stores had inventory appropriately placed for the fall season, because its such a significant part of the year for us.  And the strategy, we implemented, we think are very simple. We gave them extended payment terms to allow them to place orders to ensure the inventories and their warehouses and through the stores. And whether its a one to one transfer, what I said tried to say in the call was, thats our expectation at this point in time. But we are very optimistic for the fall season that the inventories are there and the challenges associated with retail inventory management in the trade creates pressure on everybody in the consumer products industry and really gives us excitement that we are there this year versus other years. 
Terry Bivens - Bear Stearns: Have you made any assumptions in your fourth quarter estimates for reorders? 
Robert J. Lawless - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We really haven't at this particular point in time, that the real strategy is the inventories out of our distribution centers and to their distribution centers. 
Terry Bivens - Bear Stearns: Okay. And just briefly on commodities. If you could give us a little more color on the pass-through mechanism, for example, as I look at cheese, if you just look at block prices, it looks like they should have peaked in Q3 and should be coming down in Q4. But I took from the tenure of your remarks that the commodity pressure if anything is going to be slightly greater in Q4. 
Robert J. Lawless - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Bear in mind the process, Terry and for everyone on the call that we have in the industrial business, obviously there is a lag or gap between the prices going up and our ability to pass-through the quarterly price increases to our customers. 
Terry Bivens - Bear Stearns: Right. 
Robert J. Lawless - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: So cheese is a perfect example and I would concur completely with you, cheese prices have sort of peaked. But we are in the process of passing those peak prices on to our customers during the fourth quarter and you could logically think we would see some litigation as we move into 2008, on that particular commodity.  But once again we are in an unprecedented period, as far as price increases in our business on five or six or seven items. And the ability to pass the price increases through and keep the same gap and time that we have always had, we find and I think its evidenced in our report in the third quarter that gap is increasing and as a result we see that tension in the fourth quarter in industrial business. 
Terry Bivens - Bear Stearns: Okay. Thank you very much. 
Robert J. Lawless - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Terry. 
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from John Feeney with Wachovia. Please go ahead. 
Jonathan Feeney - Wachovia Securities: Good morning. Thank you. 
Robert J. Lawless - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Jon. 
Jonathan Feeney - Wachovia Securities: Congratulations Fran. Its been a pleasure working with you. 
Robert J. Lawless - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you. 
Jonathan Feeney - Wachovia Securities: Bob could you we are talking about that wholesale call customers thats expanded their private label initiatives. Could you refresh our memory as to two branded, your brands, are you confident your brands offer the retailer better per square foot. Profit economics and private label and if so do you have the data going to have these conversations to with other retailers, so that more of this activity doesnt come up. 
Alan D. Wilson - President and Chief Operating Officer: We are... this Alan Wilson. We are confident that our brands bring significant value and command a premium to private label and that it is good proposition. There is certainly a place for private label in the mix and a place for a strong, the strong leading national brand in that mix.  Certain customers have in some cases having more aggressive private label strategy, not just in our category, but across the whole store. And so we work with them to try to make sure that they are maximizing the best value for our categories, as they are making those decisions, that we have a tremendous amount of data on what the consumer want and we try as best we can to sell that and work with those customers to maximize the value to the consumer and for them through there sales are in profits. 
Robert J. Lawless - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: The only thing I would add Jon, if that we continue to sell McCormicks products; McCormicks branded products throughout the distribution system of this particular costumers. So, no one on the call should do this, this is an overall customer that's eroding to zero. They have taken certain selected items in our category and chosen to put them in a particular private label, as Alan had said. And you can rest assured, we work real hard in that and we do participate in some of the sales of the private label items. At the same time there is a tremendous demand for our branded items on the North American scale and we worked very hard on that. 
Jonathan Feeney - Wachovia Securities: Yes, sure. We are just seeing where both producers if both of you are in this command position to talked about value chain wide economics. So, your particular branded skew versus the private label skew, I guess, hopefully, you will be convinced people that they ought to be expecting the branded side not the private label side? 
Robert J. Lawless - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: That's okay. 
Jonathan Feeney - Wachovia Securities: Just one other question if you wouldnt mind, on the industrial business, do you talked about increasingly about these not good of the foodservice industry in the U. S. and how that's affecting your business? Is there a negative margin mix between, say your small ingredients business like Doritos, et cetera versus restaurant that we might be and some other lower margins there? 
Robert J. Lawless - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I dont know if there is a negative margin mix. I think Jon, that goes back to what we talked about earlier in the call is the escalation of some of these particular raw material prices is particularly specific to the commodity use in that foodservice sector versus other sectors. So may be answer to your question is, yes, it's impacting the margins on that sector and as a result of the pass-throughs, there is a gap in timing, as I addressed earlier. 
Jonathan Feeney - Wachovia Securities: That makes perfect sense, Robert. Just wanted like-for-like, I mean is a dollar of revenues to a restaurant in the U. S. a comparable margin to a dollar of revenues to a food manufacturer; typically typically higher margin one or the other? Or is it the same? 
Robert J. Lawless - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I would say very similar in a normalized cost environment, Jonathan. 
Jonathan Feeney - Wachovia Capital Markets: Okay. 
Robert J. Lawless - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks so much. 
Jonathan Feeney - Wachovia Capital Markets: Thanks very much. 
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Eric Serotta with Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead. 
Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch: Good morning. 
Robert J. Lawless - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning Eric. 
Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch: Bob, you explained the increase in receivables and inventories a bit, but when I take a step back and look at the broader picture, we have seen sort of a steady march up in the cash conversion cycle over the past more than a year. Just wondering when you foresee a turn in that for the positive? And how long you see that taking to get back to more normalized level in terms of the cash conversion cycle? 
Robert J. Lawless - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Eric, you know as we address every quarter conference call, we have had restructuring process with all the major facilities in the world and especially, on the industrial side of our business, we want to that customer service, so everything we saw in inventory increase was premeditated by the management team. So, while we have said before the inventories are too high, we dont want anybody on the call to think they are high and not being managed. We were in control of what we are doing. We are adding to that and now two things that are continuing to be pressure, one is currency foreign currency and the other is overall cost increases in a raw material base, which werent budgeted as we work back to December 1st, 2006. For a fiscal year 2007, we see mitigation of that. We are more comparable numbers are in the fourth quarter 2007 and obviously, much more comparable as we move into the first quarter 2008 to the second quarter of 2008. So, its a fluid situation, as I said in the script, we are not happy with the inventory levels that at this particular point in time. They are going down in the consumer and industrial businesses in North America and Europe. I dont want anybody on the call to think there isnt tremendous activities around lowering inventories. Thats being mitigated by the fact of foreign currency exchange and by the overall pressures on cost. 
Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch: Okay. And since you guys are now more than half way through the restructuring program and I think you have completed the major announced facility consolidation, should we expect moderating impact from inventory build for facility consolidation and then I have a final question on consumer. 
Robert J. Lawless - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: That is correct except for the European situation. Bear in mind, we put SAP Europe and the restructuring programs in the overall savings for 2008 of $10 million will come from our European and Middle-East and African operations. So, we will see some elevation there, Eric but North American environment should be reduced yes. 
Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then just looking at the Americas consumer topline it was up 3% to 4%, you said on an underlined basis excluding the seasonal pull pull forward of that $9 million to $11 million. Did you specify what the mix was there between pricing and volume, as well as what pepper price pass-through, was in particular? 
Alan D. Wilson - President and Chief Operating Officer: We didnt specify it but its about 1% pricing. 
Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch: Its about 1% price and is that true organic price mix or is that pepper price pass-through for that 1%? 
Alan D. Wilson - President and Chief Operating Officer: The only pricing we took this year was pepper. 
Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch: Okay. The extra month of Simply Asia added approximately what in the quarter? 
Robert J. Lawless - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Virtually diminimus in the quarter. 
Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Great. Well, thanks a lot, good luck. 
Robert J. Lawless - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks. 
Operator: Thank you your next question is coming from Chris Growe with A. G. Edwards. Please go ahead. 
Christopher Growe - A. G. Edwards: Thank you. Good morning. 
Robert J. Lawless - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning. 
Christopher Growe - A. G. Edwards: Hi guys. I just want to follow-up quickly on the working capital question and that is; your account receivable in the quarter, can you attribute the growth over and above sales mostly to the U. S. consumer division, the favorable term you offer there? 
Robert J. Lawless - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. Yes. 
Christopher Growe - A. G. Edwards: Okay. I just want to be clear on that. And then relative to your gross margin, you attributed about 90 basis points decline roughly to the industrial division. You have an accelerated I guess you had an acceleration of cost savings coming through that position then to help offset that therefore to keep profitability pretty constant year-over-year. Is that right or--? 
Robert J. Lawless - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: That is correct. I mean the summary on our industrial businesses the programs that we put in place in 2006, which obviously improved the benefits of 2007 is totally being mitigated by the overall cost increases in our business. And Chris then, as I addressed with the lag then the lag is getting price revenue for that is wider than we have anticipated before. But everybody should realize we still have the same protocols in place. And the offsetting price increases for the commodity increases will in fact happen in our industrial business, we are just in a larger gap on time than we normally be. 
Christopher Growe - A. G. Edwards: Okay. And then why dont you give us an update on the, sort of the SKU reductions that are occurring on cost industrial division. Should we expect some sort of pick-up there in those in that activity or are you pleased with the progress so far and focusing on those core customers? 
Robert J. Lawless - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. Please with where we are today. I dont think a pick-up would be appropriate at this point Chris. At some point in time this is going to curtail all off and I think as I said in the call, somewhere above 2% was the impact we had in the quarter relative to the SKU reduction and thats going to tail off as we move into 2008. 
Christopher Growe - A. G. Edwards: Okay. And I am sorry, just one more follow-up and that is relative to the cost savings. You just mentioned $10 million in 2008. Thats mostly coming from Europe. Is that sort of the total amount of cost savings roughly coming that are coming through next year? 
Robert J. Lawless - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thats what we indicated in our total restructuring program, Chris when we made $10 million in 2006, $30 million in 07 and $10 million in 08. Please bear in mind that we havent got our 2008 budgeting process together and our budget together so while I wouldnt say thats the only cost savings, thats the one we have publicly stated at this point in time. 
Christopher Growe - A. G. Edwards: Fair enough. 
Robert J. Lawless - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay? 
Christopher Growe - A. G. Edwards: Okay. Thanks a lot. 
Robert J. Lawless - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Chris. 
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Eric Katzman with Deustche Bank. Please go ahead. 
Eric Katzman - Deustche Bank: Hi, good morning everybody. 
Robert J. Lawless - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Morning Eric. 
Eric Katzman - Deustche Bank: Fran, best of luck. Yes, Gordon you are going to have some big shoes to fill. In terms of long-term targets raised your long-term target expectation back at your analysts meeting in New York. And I am wondering now, with hindsight given the volatility that we are seeing in raw material costs, across the Board if you think that may been a little bit too aggressive, Bob? 
Robert J. Lawless - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I dont think so, Eric. And that was driven by the cost savings programs we had. We are still very comfortable with the topline sales growth both in the consumer and industrial businesses. I think we are fine. I think the piece that surprised us, which we addressed in the conference call, is the tremendous volatility that has taken place all of week-by-week in some of these commodities. And thus our ability to pass these through on a quarterly basis to our customers, that gap, as I said to Chris, that gap is larger than we anticipated but I dont think at this point in time we should modify any of our long-term goals. What I also said though, Eric was that its going to have an impact as we move into the early part of 2008. 
Eric Katzman - Deustche Bank: Okay. And then kind of I guess, talking about the mix issue. While consumer trends may be moving away from foodservice given that people have to eat. In some respects, I would normally think that and maybe this is a kind of, something that would occur longer than just a one quarter phenomenon. And I would assume that the change from industrial sales, i.e. QSR foodservice moving to consumer is going to be a mix shift positive for you? Isnt shouldnt that--? 
Robert J. Lawless - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I would say the answer to that is yes. And what gives us encouragement is that the program that our U. S. consumer folks put in place where we had inventory placed in their warehouses in the third quarter for sale in the fourth quarter and you are quite right. I dont think this is an immediate transformation between the foodservice and eat-at-home. But we think the holiday season this year just because of this phenomenon inventories being available will be positive for our U. S. consumer business. 
Eric Katzman - Deustche Bank: And then just last question and then I will pass it on. I guess one of the concerns in the industry today is as we as prices move up, consumers may trade down. Are you seeing just more broadly in terms of your overall consumer product line in the U. S.? Are you seeing the consumer trade down at all in terms of any prices that you have put through, so like for example, you said you put through a price increase in pepper. Is McCormick pepper selling less than private label pepper? 
Alan D. Wilson - President and Chief Operating Officer: McCormick pepper has had some volume hits this year but the overall category has as well, so we havent seen necessarily a big shift in share. But we really work hard at maintaining our price gap between the brand and private label. 
Robert J. Lawless - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: The other thing I would say, Eric to add what Alan said is, if you look at the volatility in commodities that we addressed. Other than pepper, most of those are part of our industrial business as opposed to our consumer business, maybe different than other consumer products manufacture companies that appear today. So, we increased prices on pepper quite regularly in 2007. But our focus right today on this cost segment and what the conference call script hopefully addressed was, this is an industrial business phenomenon with us, not a general business phenomenon. 
Eric Katzman - Deustche Bank: Okay. Thank you very much. 
Robert J. Lawless - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Eric. 
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. 
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Thank you. Good afternoon and good luck to you Fran. 
Robert J. Lawless - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hey Rob. 
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: I wanted to know your cash flow from operations is down substantially from the prior year. Its $22 million year-to-date and it was over $100 million a year ago. Do you have any guidance for us on free cash flow this year and do you expect free cash flow to be down? 
Francis A. Contino - Executive Vice President, Strategic Planning and Chief Financial Officer: Yes. A list of items that led to this decline are really timing issues and some shift in some of the activities, inner liability account. I just wanted to point out for instance that we had nearly $30 million of benefits primarily incentive payments that were greater than in this time period reflecting the bonuses we paid on the 2006 year compared to the lower bonuses or practically no benefits in the for the 2005 year. And then we had higher restructuring charges in this period in this nine months period, than we had the year before. And we are having we have had some increases in our receivables in this period, reflecting some of our higher sales growth that we talked about.  And in the European operation, purely timing with VAT payments from one period to the next. So, we feel pretty confident that our cash flow will return to the levels that it has been at and that we expect our free cash flow not to be suffering. In fact, we are starting to see our ITO improved, which means that our inventory relative to our sales growth is starting to improve. 
Robert J. Lawless - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: The other thing, Rob, we you know as we addressed, we bought a lot of stock forward in the third quarter versus the fourth quarter and that to shift in the movement there. And the fourth quarter obviously is the significant volume quarter for us, so just to reinforce with Fran and I dont think there is any tension around the free cash flow from McCormick in 07. 
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: The free cash flow was about $230 million in 06, should we think its about the same in 07, or little below? 
Robert J. Lawless - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think a little bit below in 2007 versus 2006. 
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Okay. And then maybe a catch up in 08, a share purchasing starts off at the commodity cost again? 
Robert J. Lawless - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thats correct, yes. 
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Okay. And then, could you more specific for us on the option expense. You have said that competition expense was a benefit in this quarter. I have about $4 million of options expense in the quarter last year? 
Robert J. Lawless - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: It really wasnt anything to do with options; it all has to do with incentive competition. 
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Incentive compensation. 
Robert J. Lawless - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: And I think as Fran says, Rob, its a significant swing from 2007 third quarter versus 2006 third quarter. 
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Give us a sense about how much? 
Francis A. Contino - Executive Vice President, Strategic Planning and Chief Financial Officer: Well, its a period when we show up what we expect our benefits to be for Europe and it has an impact but we have not disclosed that matter. So, but its large enough to talk about. 
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Okay. And lastly, you set out an industrial business margin expansion goal of 250 basis to 350 basis points, is that goal now delayed? 
Robert J. Lawless - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Exactly, Rob exactly. Its not dismissed and its not off the radar screen at all for industrial folks. But based upon what's happened just recently in the delay in timing some of these pass-throughs is not delayed, yes. We said by the end of 2008, we get the 250 basis points to 350 basis points, thats obviously going to bounce in the 2000 fiscal 2009. 
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: And the industrial customer, you rationalized your industrial customer base a lot to get to the its a big customers and this might be a little far fetched. But the customers they do a let go, do you have any sense, the ones you let go were faster growing? Or and maybe you have kind of left here with them slower growing ones or is that really not an issue, think about it? 
Robert J. Lawless - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think the Rob, the answer to that is, if you look at our sales growth, we are very comfortable with our sales growth, globally in the industrial business. So, the answer is really no. We are comfortable with the portfolio that we have streamlined down to and once again, these cost increases are really on the foodservice side of our business, not on the food manufacturer side of our business. And its a phenomenon that we are in and the good news is there is protocols in placed to work ourselves out of this, its just taking a little more time. 
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Okay. Thank you very much. 
Robert J. Lawless - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Rob. 
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Gil Alexander with Darphil Associates. Please go ahead. 
Gil Alexander - Darphil Associates: Good morning. 
Robert J. Lawless - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning. 
Gil Alexander - Darphil Associates: On the fourth quarter, could you give us some estimate of what you think your restructuring your restructuring charge will be? 
Robert J. Lawless - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: What we really dont break that out by quarter, the only thing I would say is that the restructuring charges as Fran addressed earlier, in 2007, we are primarily pre-structure savings I should say, we were impacting the first and second quarter more than the third quarter and fourth quarter. 
Gil Alexander - Darphil Associates: Thank you very much. 
Robert J. Lawless - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks very much. 
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Mitch Pinheiro with Janney, Montgomery, Scott. Please go ahead. 
Mitch Pinheiro - Janney, Montgomery, Scott: Hey good morning. 
Robert J. Lawless - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hey good morning. 
Mitch Pinheiro - Janney, Montgomery, Scott: Hey Fran, best wishes. Dont hit him straight, hit him long. Hey real quick, could you talk a little bit about what you are seeing in the marketplace relative to safety. And has McCormick, have you seen increase activity relative on industrial side to ingredient suppliers et cetera? 
Alan D. Wilson - President and Chief Operating Officer: Obviously, this is Alan. With the lot of the discussion today, there is an increase emphasis by our customers and our consumers on food safety. And we think that plays pretty well to our strength, because thats something that we really emphasize inside and with our customers. But it is certainly being highlights; it got everybodys attention right now. We think that place is one of our strength. 
Mitch Pinheiro - Janney, Montgomery, Scott: Are you seeing, I mean could that represent incremental growth in 08? 
Robert J. Lawless - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think its a competitive differentiator over time, Mitch, versus, as Alan said versus McCormick and other suppliers, yes. 
Mitch Pinheiro - Janney, Montgomery, Scott: Okay. 
Robert J. Lawless - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Once again though, I think it's important to realize that it will be a competitive differentiator or but its a cost associated with that. It's built into our budgeting process and our forecast process. But we do have a global quality program. We think in our sector its an unparallel whether its an issue in China or India or North America, we have the appropriate resources applied against it and its getting tremendous focus under Alans leadership. 
Mitch Pinheiro - Janney, Montgomery, Scott: Well, its competitive differentiation and that expertise may seem like maybe there is pricing in it for you, in other words paying a premium for that. Improved food safety, sort of dynamics in your organization, I didnt know if thats possible? 
Robert J. Lawless - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Its something we work on everyday on many 
Mitch Pinheiro - Janney, Montgomery, Scott: Yes, obviously. But speaking of pricing and one thing I want to understand is we are still three months from fiscal I guess two months from fiscal '08 right? And so in terms of the pricing the re-pricing of the pass-throughs, is there that much of a lag or is this is a situation where I mean why wouldn't we be pretty lot closer to or lot smaller of a pricing lag there? 
Robert J. Lawless - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think its the speed and volatility, Mitch with what prices are going up. I mean you just take soya, we could charge soya, we get everybody in the same room. And its going up daily, not weekly or monthly like commodities used to go up. And then it will drop down a little bit and go up again. So, its the tremendous volatility. 
Mitch Pinheiro - Janney, Montgomery, Scott: Okay. 
Robert J. Lawless - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: And bear in mind, we have quarterly pricing protocols and so we have to factor that in the overall pricing mechanism we have with our customers. 
Mitch Pinheiro - Janney, Montgomery, Scott: Will prices fall quicker on the lag, on the other side? Or do you think it will be equal to the--? 
Robert J. Lawless - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think, it's equal. 
Mitch Pinheiro - Janney, Montgomery, Scott: Okay. Advertising and marketing expense in the third quarter, did you talk about  did you talk about that? I didnt if you did, I didn't hear it. 
Robert J. Lawless - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: If it's once again the situation we find ourselves in we are not cutting our marketing expenses and advertising expenses 2007 over 2006. And I think one of the things, you always want to hear, Mitch, is the fourth quarter the fourth quarter in 2007 will be on par with 2006. But the important thing is remember in 2006, we increased marketing and advertising expense significantly in the fourth quarter. 
Mitch Pinheiro - Janney, Montgomery, Scott: Okay. All right. Thank you. And one more thing, in the consumer business with the sort of $9 million to $11 million sort of advance shipments, is this you talked about some of the positives in manufacturing in your heavy season and being having stuff in place in the stores earlier. Is there any other dynamic positive or negative to consumer margins related to this? Is there anything have to think about as far as margins are concerned there? 
Robert J. Lawless - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I dont think so, Mitch. Now, there is nothing, now lets now once again, the absorption during the fourth quarter in both of our businesses because of the significant volume is not something that we really worry about. 
Mitch Pinheiro - Janney, Montgomery, Scott: Okay. 
Robert J. Lawless - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. 
Mitch Pinheiro - Janney, Montgomery, Scott: Thank you. 
Robert J. Lawless - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. 
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Oliver Wood with Stifel Nicolaus. Please go ahead. 
Oliver Wood - Stifel Nicolaus: Great. Thanks a lot. I just have one question; its a follow-up on the advanced shipments. I just wanted to make sure; I heard correctly that the $9 million to $11 million sales translates into $0.02 in EPS and I am asking because when I do the math, I get a much smaller impact on EPS? 
Robert J. Lawless - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No, that's not right. Thats $0.02, about $4 million. 
Oliver Wood - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. 
Robert J. Lawless - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. 
Oliver Wood - Stifel Nicolaus: So, where the I shouldnt say we are advanced, much higher margin product set? 
Robert J. Lawless - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Consumer yes, the consumer business, it's the time of the year, that its flows through, so thats our estimate what the impact is at this point. 
Oliver Wood - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. Great. Thanks so much. 
Robert J. Lawless - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Andrew Lazar with Lehman Brothers. Please go ahead. 
Andrew Lazar - Lehman Brothers: Good morning. 
Robert J. Lawless - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Andrew. 
Andrew Lazar - Lehman Brothers: And Fran, I want to wish you the best as well and thank you for all your help over the years. 
Fran A. Contino - Executive Vice President, Strategic Planning and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you. 
Andrew Lazar - Lehman Brothers: With respect to America's consumer, the organic sales growth rate was, as you mentioned Bob, 3% to 4%. And that was a pretty healthy uptick from where we were more recently and even last quarter, where I think it was close to the 1% or so. And given obviously they are very healthy variable contribution margins on that business. I am trying to get a sense of the drivers behind the better organic sales growth, I assuming that the thing you have been doing all along, it's the revitalization, the shelving and all that. I guess the question, do you feel like you hit an inflection point in that business specifically, so Americas consumer, where maybe that type of year-over-year growth in the upcoming quarters, meaning 3% or 4% organic is more likely and there is a building confidence if thats the way it can go. 
Robert J. Lawless - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think its the later, Andrew, even we are confident of our consumer business, we are confident of Zatarain's growth continued, Simply Asia is continuing to grow in that area. Hispanic and seafood areas continue to grow and I think as we look at this overall, when we call consumer merchandising program or we are putting in the new racks, we are putting new products. We are taking out SKUs, making a better more shopable for the consumers, that's in very much the embryonic stages. So, as we would see that, moving toward the fourth quarter and into 08 and 09, we expect increased volume gains under that, as the consumer becomes much more familiar with the very, very confusing category. And we are seeing results of that now and we are very positive, encouraged by that and we think for the future, that just accrues more benefits on the consumer side. 
Andrew Lazar - Lehman Brothers: Okay. And then last thing on the early shipment. Just curious, how was what was the main issue? Is it was out of stocks, I guess, one of the bigger issues that you are trying to resolve, at the retailer in pass kind of holiday periods. 
Robert J. Lawless - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, couple of things 
Andrew Lazar - Lehman Brothers: I think you able to help you get that. 
Robert J. Lawless - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Its making sure that the displays are in the store when the consumer is ready to buy them. And getting them through to the customers supply chain quickly enough to make that happen. We believe we have seen it before that the earlier the displays are in the store, the more the consumer ends up buying. 
Andrew Lazar - Lehman Brothers: So, you a hoping its obviously not a one for a direct one-for-one shift at the end of the day? 
Robert J. Lawless - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thats what we are counting on. 
Andrew Lazar - Lehman Brothers: Okay. And then I guess with respect to back in New York, you talked a lot about the role that acquisitions have played in the growth of McCormick over the last couple of years and that was something obviously you are going to think long and hard obviously going forward, a bigger contributor. It obviously you didn't come up on the call, but there is no reason I guess so much you actually pull the trigger on something. But is there anything changed on that front with respect to either the pipeline or what you are seeing or strategically and how you think about it? 
Robert J. Lawless - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No, not at all. The only hope we have is maybe with the situation in the equity markets the private equity markets maybe some of the multiples may come down a little bit, but nothings changed from McCormick standpoint. No. 
Andrew Lazar - Lehman Brothers: And last year do you and I missed this. I apologize. Whats your now your best guess around full year tax rate? 
Robert J. Lawless - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: 32, this year. Or did you say next year? 
Andrew Lazar - Lehman Brothers: Actually this year. For full year 07. 
Robert J. Lawless - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: 31. 
Andrew Lazar - Lehman Brothers: 31. Okay. Great. Thank you very much. 
Robert J. Lawless - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Andrew. 
Operator: Thank you. There appear to be no further questions. I would like to turn the floor back over to Joyce Brooks for any closing comments. 
Joyce Brooks - Assistant Treasurer: Thank you. This concludes todays call. Till October 4th, you may access the telephone replay of the call by dialing 877-549-4471 and the access code for the replay is 9133189. You can also listen to our replay on the website after 2 PM today.  If you have further questions or points to discuss regarding todays information, please give me a call at 410-771-7244. 
Operator: Thank you. This concludes todays McCormick and Company third quarter financial results conference call. You may now disconnect.
